======= Instance Index 2118 =========
Input Text: Context: Lee finally found it.

Question: Why did Lee do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: lee not fount

B: finally found it

C: lee found a gold coin

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.927467
Retrieved Text: Lee Cutler, 18, has been missing since October 20, 2007 from Buffalo Grove, Illinois.
Lee Sterling Cutler was last seen at a friend’s home in Buffalo Grove in the morning. He was to go to his job the following day but he never arrived. His 2007 Toyota Corolla was found parked at a rest stop near the bluff’s east of Barboo, Wisconsin along the river, which was 200 miles from his home. The door was locked, but when police investigated the car they found a receipt from the Kettle Moraine State Forest dated Oct. 20. A search along the river found a backpack and blanket which were determined to belong to Lee. Lee’s pants, wallet, car keys and some cash were found in the river. A bottle of over-the-counter pain medication and sleep aid was also found among his belongings. Lee also had a copy of the book, Into the Wild, and letters addressed to his family. One of the notes to his mother stated, “My head is too big for my body, I’ll finally get to sleep.” No one knows if this was a suicide note or the note was saying, being away from civilization gave him piece of mind.
Lee attended Adlair Stevenson High School and was active in a Jewish synagogue and youth group as one of their leaders, which makes it unlikely that he would have committed suicide. Lee had taken a mug from his bedroom which had around $600 in it. The money was never found.
There is a possibility that he may have

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.687576
Retrieved Text: Boulder Guitar Studio offers mandolin lessons boulder co. You can learn guitar, bass, mandolin, ukulele, dobro, lap steel, songwriting, music theory and more! Instructor Lee Johnson has 22 yrs full time experience creating custom programs for his students. Also, Lee has helped hundreds of students! If you have always wanted to get into a program but you weren’t sure how, now you have found the right place! First, you can email lee@boulderguitra.com to chat about schedule options. Hours are 10am-7pm weekdays. Next, Lee will ask you some questions about your ability, goals, and favorite styles of music. Finally, Lee will create a fun, custom program just for you! if you are looking for Mandolin Lessons Boulder CO you found the right place!
The price range starts around $200 on the low end and goes up into several thousands, depending on what your needs are. A basic started model is all you need if you are a beginner. However you need to make sure it stays in tune and plays well enough that you get accurate feedback. If you tune it correctly and it still sounds out of tune, it may be a lower quality instrument that you will have a hard time with. However, you don’t need to go buy a vintage Gibson and spend 5k! You can set up an initial lesson, and Lee will help you make this decision. There are several local stores that have mandolins. Robbs Boulder Music, and HB Woodsongs are 2 great local stores. Another good resource is Sweetwater Audio where

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.119644
Retrieved Text: Team VICTOR’s Lee Yong Dae was just one point from reclaiming the Malaysia Open Superseries Premier title on Sunday with Yoo Yeon Seong, but finally downed by familiar rivals Ashan and Setiawan.
Having survived Taiwanese No.1 Lee Sheng Mu and Tsai Chia Hsin in the semifinals, where they saved a match point down 19-20 in the deciding game, Lee and Yoo came up in full force with their “first-shots” badminton, befuddling the Indonesian former No.1s in the first game and won it with a handy 21-14 before Ashan/Setiawan stormed back to hold four match points in the decider. Lee/Yoo saved them all again, leveled the match at 20-all, and Yoo’s quick interception earned them a match point of their own which they failed to convert as the Hawk-eye proved a defensive lob sailed long.
Lee was crowned here in 2009 with Jung Jae Sung, but this time, he fell just short. However, Lee and Yoo believe they have found back the winning formula after a slow start into the season.
Another Jung in Team VICTOR Korea, the unseeded Jung Kyung Eun, alongside 2013 World Championships runner-up Chang Ye Na, also claimed a silver in women’s doubles.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.029215
Retrieved Text: Finally the weather improved and we found some nice fish..
Not to be outdone Lee Singleton also had an 18lb blonde ray on the same trip. Lee was fishing with a light rod and landing this fish in the strong tide and rough seas was a tremendous feat of angling.
Another blonde. This time Lucy Sly from Oxford with a nice 4lb spotty ray caught near to the Isle of Wight.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.969046
Retrieved Text: PARK SHIN HYE & LEE HONG KI Have A "Beautiful" Reunion - MYX | YOUR CHOICE. YOUR MUSIC.
We love reunion especially if it's between former co-stars and old friends like Park Shin Hye and Lee Hong Ki!
The two Korean stars, who became close after appearing together in the 2009 drama series You're Beautiful which aired on ABS-CBN, shared photos from their recent hangout.
"Us who asked each other’s schedules all month long. We finally met. I’m so happy. Go away stress! Let’s cheer up!" Shin Hye's caption reads.
한달 내내 서로의 스케줄을 물었던 우리. 드디어 만났어요 왕뿌듯😎 스트레스 날려버려 빠샤!!!!!!! 힘내자 우리!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We're so happy you finally found time to spend with each other! Hoping to see a full AN JELL reunion soon!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.899424
Retrieved Text: Press night for Lee and the other cast members who had joined the tour or taken on new roles in Milton Keynes came just three shows in. Happily the mic problems that had beset Lee in the opening show, and the technical issues that brought that show to a halt for 30 minutes and limited Chitty's movements when it re-started, had both been resolved and the performance went without a hitch.
The reviews are glowing for the production and its entire cast, but I can't help but be thrilled for Lee that he receives such universal praise for his Caractacus. It's also lovely to hear from Lee himself in his video interviews with Aimee Vivian (right), Nancy Stevens (below) and Alan Wooding (on the Bedford Today website) how much he is enjoying the role. Read the press reviews in full HERE.
Finally, some production photos of the new cast - there are more on the show's Facebook page and more still featuring the original cast on the show's website).
Full schedule and booking details can be found on the main tour page - at the date of writing there are still tickets available at all venues but the tour is very well sold, so if you want to see Lee in this wonderful show (and trust me, you DO want to see Lee in this wonderful show!), don't delay - book today!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.562267
Retrieved Text: I finally found time to check out the branded warehouse clearance sale at De Garden a couple of days ago. It ends on 18th August, so you still have time to shop if that’s your intent.
With many brands like Tommy Hilfiger, Lee, Roxy and Billabong on sale up to 70%, I found the prices quite reasonable, only from RM29.90. Shopping here was more conducive for me as only apparel for men and women are sold here. I wasn’t distracted by baby products or household goods.
One Response for "Branded Warehouse Clearance Sale @ De Garden"
Pay a visit soon this weekend..

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.483503
Retrieved Text: Guys it's finally here, the hangover cure that we've all been waiting for. No longer will we wake up dreading the sun-rays, and reaching for a bucket of water! No more will our heads pump and pound on the way to church! No, For this day forward, all of these pains are issues of the past. Much like the invention of the wheel, innovation has again moved us forward in the right direction.
Morning recovery CEO Sisun Lee created the hangover cure drink that has been taking over Silicon Valley. The former Tesla engineer has had such success with his new venture that he even had to retire from his job at Tesla to meet the demands of his new company. Lee found his passion for hangover supplements when he traveled to South Korea. After drinking and living it up for a night, he was introduced by some locals to a hangover cure in the form of a drink. He found that it worked amazing! When Lee returned to the states he tried to buy a similar product, but to his surprise it wasn't on the market. Seeing this opportunity, Lee began investigating how these drinks were made, and what made them work.
Lee found that the secret ingredient in these South Korean drinks was a herbal compound called dihydromyricetin (DHM) which is most commonly found in the Oriental raisin tree and the Rattan tree (see picture.) Asian cultures have been using this ingredient to cure hangovers for centuries, and Lee thinks it's time for the western world

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.441975
Retrieved Text: In this day and age, we do almost everything on our smartphones, losing our phone is almost like losing a part of ourselves as we keep lots of important information on our mobile devices.
Unfortunately for this Penang girl, Lee Jacsin, and her boyfriend, they experienced the worst roller coaster anyone would experience after her boyfriend misplaced his Huawei Nova 2i.
They were frantically looking for the lost phone, retracing their steps but to no avail. The couple had also attempted to look for the phone’s location but it turns out that the person who found it had turned off the phone!
After an hour of relentless attempts of trying to call her boyfriend’s number, finally, someone picked up the call.
It is understood that after changing locations several times, the couple and the guy finally agreed to meet on a highway. Lee’s boyfriend got down from the car to meet with the guy and to tell him that he only had RM550 instead of RM700, he still got his phone back.
Thankful, the man who was hit was very understanding but they had to let the culprit escape after the accident.
Lee ends her post by warning other Penangites to be careful as the crook is still at large. She suspects that he hangs out around Jalan Jelutong, he rides a white Honda EX5 but unfortunately, she couldn’t get the license plate number clearly.
She is still hoping to get both of their phones back as they have important information inside.
Any witnesses or if you have information about the incident, please don’t

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.435284
Retrieved Text: June 14th is a big day in France: Bastille Day. June 16th is a big day in Australia: Wombat Day. However, it is June 15th that is a big day in the United States: Cow Appreciation Day (information HERE).
June 15th is more than Cow Appreciation Day though. It is also Qwerty Jean Dickinson's birthday. Qwerty Jean Dickinson is the daughter of Emmett Lee Dickinson (Emily Dickinson's third cousin, twice removed -- at her request) and Oliveti Remington.
Emmett Lee Dickinson's fourth wife, Oliveti Remington, was the daughter of Eliphalet Remington, manufacturer of firearms and typewriters. It was Remington who designed the typewriter’s top row of keys to honor his granddaughter.
Pictured above: The only known likeness of Qwerty Jean Dickinson.
﻿Harper Lee wrote the definitive biography of Qwerty Jean Dickinson. She later fictionalized the work in her acclaimed novel To Kill A Mockingbird. In that novel, she based Atticus Finch on Emmett Lee Dickinson (as a lawyer instead of a poet), and she patterned Scout on Qwerty Jean. The character of Dill was based on Emily Dickinson, although many readers have mistakenly identified that character with Truman Capote.
Year's after the publication of Qwerty, Harper Lee's publicist found the manuscript for Go Get A Walkman, a biography of Emmett Lee Dickinson (Emily Dickinson's third cousin, twice removed -- at her request).
Lee was fascinated by the life and work of Emmett Lee Dickinson. Her favorite work of his was a poem called "Revolution was the iPod," and in her research on Dickinson, she discovered that it was his advances in electronics

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.368877
Retrieved Text: To-Mera was formed by Julie Kiss and Lee Barrett (ex:Extreme Noise Terror / Disgust / Mussolini Headkick) following her departure from the Hungarian progressive metal band Without Face. At the start of 2004 Lee Barrett began searching for full-time members and Akos Pirisi, a huge fan of Meshuggah and a master of polyrhythmics, was brought in on drums. Later Tom MacLean was found after he, a big Without Face fan, recognised Julie and introduced himself at a Dillinger Escape Plan concert. After the band's demo was recorded, To-Mera finally found a full-time keyboard player in the shape of Hugo Sheppard.
The band recorded their debut demo in July 2005 at The Peel rehearsal rooms (Kingston-Upon-Thames) on a laptop, and it was mixed in France by producer Brett Caldas-Lima (Kalisia / Malmonde / Fairlight).
To-Mera recorded their debut album Transcendental in May/June 2006, again with producer Brett Caldas-Lima. Drums, guitars and vocals were recorded in Veszprem (Hungary), while the bass and keyboards were recorded in London (England). The audio mixing took place at Tower Studio in Montpellier (France). The release date is given as 11th September 2006.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.193485
Retrieved Text: Robert E. Lee By: Joshua Elkin For: Mr Goff Introduction Robert E. Lee was one of the most beloved generals of the Civil War and possibly of all American history. To the men he led he was a hero, and even after his death he was still loved by all his former troops. He was a man who put everyone above himself. This paper will explore the life of Robert E. Lee.
Early Years On January 19, 1807, Ann Carter Lee's fourth child was born as Robert Edward Lee, named after her two brothers. In the spring of 1809, Robert E Lee was finally getting his first impression of Stratford, his boyhood home, marveling at its beauty. His father, Henry "Lighthorse Harry" Lee, one of the great heroes of the American Revolution, had hit a humiliating and embarrassing point in his life. He was in serious debt. Everything that could be sold was taken to pay his debts, and finally on April 11, 1809, he was arrested for a debt of $5400 with seven years interest on it.
It was not until 1810 that he was released from prison. With absolutely nothing left, Henry Lee finally decided to leave his family because he was unable to provide them with the necessities of life. Everything was left to Ann Carter Lee in a trust fund that was set up by her father; when the estate was settled, the money that she would have would provide for Ann Carter Lee, but Henry was unable to touch it (Freeman, 5).
WriteWork contributors.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.084099
Retrieved Text: I am happy to see tjsmklvr is back to writing fan fiction again. Actually, a few of the original SMK fan fiction writers have been popping back up and entertaining us with their stories of danger, excitement, intrigue.
The latest story from tjsmklvr is This War of Mine set during season three of Scarecrow and Mrs. King. A little AU, but a wonderfully crafted tale with lots of action, suspense, and romance. Warning regarding violence and a couple swear words, but still a must read. Stories like this remind me why I fell in love with Lee and Amanda to begin with.
Have no fear. . . I have not abandoned my SMK Season Five Project. Real life and a missing muse have put me behind. Nonetheless, I did finally write and post an new episode earlier this week. For those who are new to my blog, I started a fictional fifth season of Scarecrow and Mrs. King. This is what I think a season five would have looked like if we (the audience) had another season. This is in no way follows or lessens the virtual seasons and stands on its own. I wrote it screenplay format, because I thought it would be a challenge and wanted them to read more like an episode.
Here are the synopsis and links to the first nine episodes of the SMK Season Five Project.
Lee and Amanda go undercover to stop an assassination attempt. Meanwhile, Francine is determined to find out Lee and Amanda's secret.
Dotty accidentally gets mixed-up in a case involving

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.044123
Retrieved Text: Finally! This video was made in January, this year! Now, I finally found the time to put it together and online!
I am sure you all have seen Jonny Lee’s amazing presentation on how to hack the Wiimote in many different ways, at TED and on YouTube. Furthermore, I hope you all have heard of BumpTop (see image on the left). What a fun tool!
I am glad, I finally have been able to show this! Right now, iPressl is building the first Wii Whiteboard at a Doctor’s office for the patients in the waitingroom to go online with, watch videos and interact with the Doctor’s homepage! An interactive whiteboard for a fraction of the real prize – unique!
Thanks to Jonny Lee and his amazing creativity using the Wiimote!
* there appear to be some issues with 64-bit machines, and BlueSoleil. Alternative Bluetooth software may work. Check the forum for more info.
Hi, it certainly looks cool using the BumpTop, but I believe if you consider in using Smoothboard it will probably helps you in enhancing the accuracy of the tracking.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.029524
Retrieved Text: Empire’s most recent episode is a drama-filled hour (Jamal finally came out! Cookie gave a verbal beatdown to Camilla!), but it’s also notable for another reason: It marked the directorial debut of co-creator Danny Strong (The Butler, Game Change). In this exclusive blog post, Strong details why he chose this episode to helm—and what he was calling the show before settling on Empire.
The Lyon’s Roar was actually my first title for the series Empire. As you can see, I’m pretty bad at titles. Fox quickly (and rightly) suggested we change it, and eventually the show became Empire. However, I always liked the sound of that title, and when I started writing episode 108, I realized I had finally found a use for it—because there would be not one, but two Lyons roaring before the episode was over.
Attacking homophobia was always a driving force in the earliest stages of creating the show. In conceiving Empire, I knew there would be a gay son that our hip-hop mogul would be loathe to accept. I had been working with Lee Daniels on the film The Butler, and he had told me numerous stories about his father beating him when he was a kid because he knew Lee was gay, even as a child. I had always been deeply moved by these tragic tales, and they made Lee the first person I thought of to collaborate with on my hip-hop idea. In our very first meeting where I pitched him the project, we immediately discussed making homophobia a central theme.
When

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.0015
Retrieved Text: Lee Baermann's love of fishing began at an early age when his maternal grandfather showed him how to catch Musky in the lakes of Northern Wisconsin.
Milwaukee to Oxnard, California in the early 60’s, that love continued, not only at the local lakes in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties but on the beach, where he grew up.
Lee Baermann has been fly fishing the surf for over 40 years. Lee guides us on California's southern coast finding beach structure, surf species, productive flies and fishing techniques. Join us and find out how get the best out of the surf.
As a child, Lee began fishing from the docks with a 50 cent drop line, graduating from there to spinning gear, then to a long surf rod, and finally to a fly rod.
Lee fishes the So. California surf at least 300 days per year; Whether guiding for his business, ‘FLY FISH THE SURF’ or just for fun, Lee has caught Barred Surf Perch, Corbina, Halibut, Leopard Shark, Striped Bass and all of the other surf species. When Lee is not fishing in salt water, you can find him in the local canals guiding for Carp.
On most Fridays, Lee can be found at Eric’s tackle in Ventura, California tying flies and spreading the word on the ease of fly fishing from the beach. Most conventional fisherman express surprise at the fact that there is a sport like fly fishing in the surf. Lee is also on the pro staff with Rajeff Sports and Waterworks-Lamson Fly Reels, Solarez UV Epoxy, Sockwa water

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.827349
Retrieved Text: Goal: I will read to examine the surrender at Appomattox Courthouse.
Describe the position of the Army of the James and the Army of Northern Virginia on April 8, 1865. Which army had the better position? Why do you think General Ulysses S. Grant sent a note to General Robert E. Lee the day before?
Summarize the details of the formal meeting of surrender between Generals Lee and Grant. While it is understandable that it was a somber situation for Lee, why was it also for Grant and the other Union officers present?
Assess the terms of surrender Grant offered Lee and the Army of Virginia. Why do you think Grant made such an offer?
​The selection you are reading is from US Grant’s personal memoirs of the Civil War, Chapter LXVII (Forty-seven). What kind of perspective would you expect Grant to have regarding these events?
At the beginning of the chapter, Grant describes the events of the day before he and Lee meet. What illness or ailment did Grant have at this point? How did he try to cure it? How it was finally cured?
Grant also includes several excerpts of correspondence between General Lee and himself. How would you describe the correspondence between the two?
Some of Grant’s commanding officers (Mead and Sheridan) believed that Lee did not intend to surrender at all, but had an alternative purpose. What did they believe Lee planned to do?
Finally, Lee and Grant met in the McLean home. Had they met each other before? What did Grant recollect about this? According to Grant, how were

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.807563
Retrieved Text: Lee jong hyun and yoona dating, why Lee Jong Hyun and Gong Seung Yeon Left We Got Married Suddenly?
He lived in Busan before his family moved to Japan when he was four years old. According to be nearly impossible because he actually fell in a new drama. Jung Yong-hwa then took over his place following the band's Korean debut. It is dating shin min ah first showed affection to be dating. You've heard, shin min ho and ha ji won lee seung gi vs shin min ah videos an old wholesaler holding hands and entertainer.
The drama, filmed in Shanghai, is described as a fantasy romance series set in the s. Hoi couple lee seung gi, lee seung-gi was announced their cover photo. The band first started as an indie band in Japan before it debuted in South Korea. That is his and the baby rights.
Shin min ah dating lee seung gi Look lee seung gi dating shin min ah are dating shin won ho and celebrities lee min ah her for the drama will premiere in. Sleep lee min ho and before he is reacting to rumors are. Sebagai aktris profesional, when fans found out where.
On working with korea's top um-chin-ah. Mix - shin min ho bae yoo-ram, dating by every girl and lee seung ki, lee seung gi is best. However, he decided to give up on sports upon realizing that this was not the field that he would excel in after losing in a match in just a few seconds. The two went through

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.769544
Retrieved Text: LEE MIN HO Is Finally Back On Instagram After A Year! - MYX | YOUR CHOICE. YOUR MUSIC.
LEE MIN HO Is Finally Back On Instagram After A Year!
Lee Min Ho is finally blessing our Instagram feed again with not one but three selfies!
The Hallyu star revealed his shorter haircut in the pictures as he resumes his basic military training at the Korea Army Training Center in Nonsan, South Chungcheong Province. Go ahead and make these new photos your wallpapers!
Lee Min Ho enlisted in the army May 2017.
How much do you miss Lee Min Ho? Send us a comment!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.688205
Retrieved Text: Fallout: New California contains a new character, a new story, and over 14,000 lines of voiced dialogue.
Fallout: New California is an ambitious standalone prequel campaign mod for Fallout: New Vegas. We first caught wind of its existence in 2013—then known as Fallout: Project Brazil—despite it first being planned for Fallout 3. Now, after nine years of development, the project has entered its beta phase.
"So after many years, not only is BETA 200 playable from start to end credits with no major interruptions but it's stable and finally coming together as a finished thing," says project leader Brandan Lee is this ModDB update. "We still have bugs, and we still have defects, but it's approaching a level of polish you'd expect from a release ready product most of the time."
Lee says that now New California is playable from start to finish, this is the first time he and his team have been able to step back and appreciate its scope. Against New Vegas' 65,000 lines of dialogue (a record at the time, says Lee) and Fallout 3's 40,000 lines, New California has over 14,000 lines of dialogue—delivered by 42 actors for 60 characters. Moreover, the mod boasts 12 endings, and offers multiple branching storylines along the way.
Lee also says in order to break up the Mojave's vast expanse, the mod introduces new outposts which are tied to New California's quests. Full details on that can be found in this post. Fallout: New Vegas is, obviously, unequivocally, the best Fallout in the series, so I for one look

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.628916
Retrieved Text: Lee & Cathy Jones: Free International Calls!
As bizarre as this is, I finally found a way to call Taiwan for free. I already called Morrison Academy in Taichung, Taiwan and got their answering machine. No software required, and free until at least 2010... I have NO idea how they can afford to do this, although it does remind me of the old telephone "extenders".
At the prompt, press 1 for English.
So, if you have any friends or family overseas (check http://www.futurephone.com/ for countries supported) try this service.
Free Accounting Software from Microsoft?
Can You Think of Anything Scarier?
Boaz Update - Solid Food & a "Hello"
The latest with Cathy - Gluten!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.594761
Retrieved Text: When radio morning host Lee Garrett finds a death threat on his control console, he shrugs it off as a prank. Until minor harassments turn into undeniable attempts on his life. The suspects are many—he’s made enemies—and the police are strangely uncooperative. The radio career he loved has turned sour, leaving behind a dwindling audience and the wreckage of his marriage. Then the friendship of a newly blind boy and the boy’s attractive teacher offer unexpected hope. Maybe he can make a fresh start.
But when the deadliest assault yet claims an innocent victim, Garrett knows he has no choice—he has to find his persecutors and force a confrontation. The extraordinary outcome will test the limits of an ordinary man.
*** Note that the most recent podcast episode is always at the top. Scroll down for earlier episodes.
In the conclusion of Dead Air, radio host Lee Garrett has survived a confrontation with those who were trying to kill him, but discovers that one deadly enemy is still out to finish the job.
Radio morning host Lee Garrett finally discovers who’s been trying to kill him, but then finds he’s delivered himself right into their hands.
Living among street people, radio host Lee Garrett has a turbulent relationship with Nadia, a young sexual assault victim he’s befriended, while trying to continue his search for his deadly enemies.
Radio man Lee Garrett goes undercover among street people to find the enemies who are trying to kill him and learns firsthand about the hardship and dangers of homelessness.
In Chapter Twenty-One of Dead Air the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.528204
Retrieved Text: After 8 months here I finally found some Vietnamese friends who have taken me on as their ‘foreign friend project’. Meaning – they are helping me to see and experience the Vietnamese culture from a local perspective. It’s easy to experience the touristy side of Saigon, however I have found it hard to really integrate into the daily life here. I’ve desperately wanted to integrate in and talk to the locals, eat crazy street food, understand some of the cultural oddities that I encounter every day; but that’s hard to do when you don’t know the language. You don’t need to know Vietnamese to be able to simply get around, but you do need to know it to have and understand real day to day cultural experiences.
That’s where my friends Lee and Tuyet come in. By chance I met them at a coffee café. There was a power cut in my neighborhood and it forced me out to a coffee shop. Lee, an American Vietnam Vet, and Tuyet, his wife from Dalat Vietnam are a lovely couple; I can’t stress this enough. Tuyet lost her sight when she was 7 years old. That alone fascinated me as I find Saigon a terribly difficult city to navigate with sight – I can’t imagine how she does it!
Ever since the day we met and exchanged pleasantries and phone numbers, they’ve been on a mission to show me the amazing food of Vietnam. They started this adventure by taking me to a local market and showing me how to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.501571
Retrieved Text: The heart of Crown Prince finally exposed.
On episode 12 of SBS’s “Rooftop Prince” aired on the night of April 26th, 2012, Park Ha (Han Ji Min) finally understands the love of Lee Gak (Park Yoochun).
Before then, in order to resolve the murder of Crown Princess, the brain of Lee Gak had always been turned toward Se Na (Jung Yoo Mi). Now, the ‘heart’ to Park Ha is changed. In this regard, viewers have paid attention to their love have expressed the feeling of pity. In the end of episode 11, Lee Gak said to Park Ha, “Don’t love me,” flatly rejected her confession, causing the sad mood to reach its climax.
The man of Joseon Dynasty, Lee Gak, is relatively weak in the sense of the expression of love when comparing to modern man. Lee Gak also gradually ignore the past culture of ‘man and woman don’t sit together before age of 7,’ gradually become always abuse and refute Park Ha, “It seems that you are thinking nasty things,” but such a Crown Prince has changed.
With the engagement of Lee Gak and Se Na around the corner, Park Ha who knows the face is in tears, “Always follow your mind,” and turns her head. At this time, Lee Gak grabs the hand of Park Ha and kisses her, confirming the hearts to each other.
One by one interwoven and intricate Crown Princess murder incident and the love line of two protagonists whom finally confirm their love, the two major twists in the drama “Rooftop Prince” caused a climax.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.49935
Retrieved Text: President Yeo who found the crown prince mistakenly thought that she has finally found that Tae Yong who gone missing in the United States, and is very happy. But Lee Gak refuses the president.
In order to find Park Ha, Tae Moo begins to secretly inquire about whereabout of her.
Crown prince and Park Ha go to Chungcheongnam-do to pick strawberries in order to purchase strawberries at half price. Looking at crown prince who does not budge and does not pick strawberries, the furious Park Ha shouts loudly that once they return to Seoul, and she wants him to gets out immediately from the rooftop apartment.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.492972
Retrieved Text: Authors: Djuhana, D.; Piao, H.-G.; Shim, J.-H.; Lee, S.-H.; Oh, S. K.; Yu, S.-C.; Kim, D.-H.
The interaction of antiparallel transverse domain walls in ferromagnetic nanowires was investigated via micromagnetic simulation with systematic variations of the external field strength as well as the wire thickness. The interaction of antiparallel transverse walls after domain wall collision exhibited damped multiple collisions due to the rigid structure of the antiparallel transverse walls. The detailed process during the multiple collisions was analyzed via the Fast Fourier Transform technique, along with a careful examination of the inner spin structures of the colliding domain walls. It was found that a frequency peak of multiple collisions shifted to a higher peak position as the external field strength increases. With a stronger field strength of around a few hundred mT, it was found that two antiparallel transverse walls were finally annihilated with formation of complex antivortex structures.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.48871
Retrieved Text: The Bachelorette's Georgia Love is in a hard place right now. On the one hand, she's found love with the Lee Elliott, but on the other, her mum has passed away from cancer. Belinda Love's death would be difficult at any time, but as Georgia recently revealed on The Project, it came just 24 hours after the finale of the reality show aired.
Opening about the traumatic event, she said 'one of the happiest moments' (i.e. when her and Lee could share their hidden romance with the world), was swiftly followed by heartbreak. Shortly after the finale aired, Georgia got the dreaded phone call.
Reflecting on the moment, Georgia said: "We could finally be in the same room together and tell each other how we feel and relax. And literally 24 hours later I got the worst phone call of my life. It's been incredibly difficult, but would have just been made so much more difficult if Lee had not been there. There are silver linings and my mum absolutely supported me 100 per cent in doing this and in everything I did."
Georgia also recounts that people often question if she has regrets about ‘going away for three months’ while her mum was sick and looking for love on reality TV.
She says no, that all things happen for a reason: "You know, you can look back at any point of your life and go, 'Well, I was away for two months travelling there or a year working there'. But if I had not have gone on The Bachelorette

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.452723
Retrieved Text: When you think of a total-body transformation challenge, you might automatically think of weight loss. While reaching a weight goal or toning your body with lean muscle is never a bad idea, when it comes to health, what matters is the overall mind, body, and lifestyle transformation. Combining these aspects is what sets the IsaBody Challenge® apart from other weight loss challenges.
Looking for a company that would offer more than a 9-to-5 business, Renata Lee and Bob Newnam finally found a home with Isagenix in 2002. After seeing Bob’s product results and the leadership behind Isagenix, Renata and Bob knew this company was special and it was a company they were proud to partner with. Watch their success story video.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.452723
Retrieved Text: You are right. And teacher is always encouraging you if you are down.
Congratulations that you started yoga in your daily routine. I also take the online yoga classes, so i learn lot more about the yoga poses and expand my knowledge. It is great thing for me and better experience that i learned the yoga from online classes.
I myself in pretty much the same situation. Being on and of with Yoga for many years I finally found myself needing it more now than ever; between an issue I was born with and my age Yoga helps stop the pain and possibly resolve some physical issues.
Me personally after a few tries even though he is very popular I do not care for Rodney Lee.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.407404
Retrieved Text: Amanda Tapping: We also do a great episode called For King And Country which explores the back story of The Five a little bit and also this other character. And it's a beautiful, you know back in the 1800's, early 1900's, costume drama about really what solidified The Sanctuary as an entity and what solidified The Five so that's a back story for Magnus that's pretty huge this season.
We did an episode earlier this year called For King And Country which takes you back to the early days of The Five and Lee Wilson directed that and it's late 1800's, early 1900's, it's present day, it's the two stories mixing. It's beautiful, beautiful story but again if you were to flick on your television and see the cast in their Victorian garb, speaking with high British accents and in this beautiful setting, in these beautiful Victorian buildings you'd go I'm not watching sci-fi and then you hear what we're talking about and then you go oh wait! Maybe I am.
But, getting to some more meatier Season 3 spoilery stuff, Amanda told us about an idea she had and went to Damian Kindler and Martin Wood to discuss it, and they ran with it. Apparently, in the episode that Lee Wilson directs, called “For King and Country” (Episode 8), there is a moment of incredible intimacy between John Druitt (Christopher Heyerdahl) and Helen Magnus, and it all happens while Druitt is knocked out.
Next up was Lee Wilson, who is the visual effects supervisor from Anthem Visual Effects.

================



======= Instance Index 24779 =========
Input Text: Context: Sydney lost all the money.

Question: How would Sydney feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: lost all the money

B: sydney got gold coin

C: sydney got a money bag

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.440083
Retrieved Text: Port Sydney turbo personal loan emergencies can completely wreck your economic life especially if you have just lost a Port Sydney job or if you are the sole hard earned dollars member. If impromptu situations occur, don't give up. You can certainly overcome the fast cash Port Sydney questionable with careful Port Sydney planning. If nothing seems to work, you can always go for fast cash Port Sydney. In fact, Port Sydney bad credit loan companies came up with the great concept of Port Sydney cash advances loan only to provide you fast hard earned dollars to alleviate your economic contest. From Port Sydney health emergencies and Ontario prescription costs to impromptu car repair and popular home renovation, fast personal loan can be used for all kinds of economic needs. You can avail of Port Sydney fast money loan even if you want to go on a Port Sydney shopping spree and can't wait for your necessary payday. Fast bad credit funding are known by various popular names such as cash advances, unsecure cash loan, or short term funding. These type of unsecure cash loan are fast to get.
Port Sydney ON Payday Loans Fast!
Fast cash Port Sydney short term cash loans should be repaid by your next payday or you may incur popular late fees. Fast cash Port Sydney cash advances loan provide you the decisive hard earned dollars to deal with questionable expenses that cant wait til payday. It makes great sense in repaying the cash advances loan as soon as you get hard earned

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.386131
Retrieved Text: Positions aboard Black Jack, InfoTrack (two positions), Naval Group, Scallywag, Wild Oats X, Wild Oats XI and Winning Appliances (two positions) have been donated – with all money raised through the auctions donated to SOLAS.
CYCA Sydney Hobart Yacht Race Safety of Life at Sea Trusts (SOLAS) was set up as a charitable trust in 1999 as a result of the tragic events of the 1998 Sydney Hobart Yacht Race. It has donated more than $1,600,000 since that time. The CYCA SOLAS Trusts’ objectives are to provide assistance (financial and other) to immediate families of those lost at sea during Australian Yachting Federation sanctioned races; to make donations and provide support to search and rescue organisation; and to foster and fund research and training to improve safety and rescue procedures and equipment used in ocean races.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.652279
Retrieved Text: Sugar is a bit of a pretty girl who lets you know it. Not much of a cuddle bunny, but with gentle daily pats and a bit more time, she'll grow to be much more confident. Soft finger pats between the ears are the way to her little heart. This independent teenager would be best suited to a calm, bunny savvy family, with parsley on hand. All bunnies adopted from Sydney Dogs and Cats Home come behaviourally assessed, vet checked, desexed, vaccinated and flea treated. Microchipping and desexing is recommended. Sydney Dogs and Cats Home is a council pound and not-for-profit community facility that looks after lost animals from Fairfield Council. Since 1946, Sydney Dogs and Cats Home has provided refuge to homeless animals. It services eight council areas in Sydney including Bayside, Georges River, Fairfield and Woollahra. Every year, Sydney Dogs and Cats Home helps reunite or find new homes for more than 3000 lost and abandoned pets.
PET OF THE WEEK | Do you have room for Sugar?
Pretty: Sugar is this week's Pet of the Week. Three week trials are available for all animals.
Sugar is a bit of a pretty girl who lets you know it. Not much of a cuddle bunny, but with gentle daily pats and a bit more time, she'll grow to be much more confident.
Soft finger pats between the ears are the way to her little heart. This independent teenager would be best suited to a calm, bunny savvy family, with parsley on hand.
All bunnies adopted from Sydney Dogs and Cats

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.651426
Retrieved Text: Tax deductions, photo albums and Web source codes were just some of the kinds of personal information Sophos found on 50 USB keys purchased in a RailCorp lost property auction in Sydney.
The study was conducted to see what the potential cost is of someone finding a lost USB key, and if Sydney-siders are taking adequate measures to secure their technology.
Paul Ducklin, head of technology at Sophos Asia Pacific, said in a statement that the information security company didn’t have to dig too far on the keys to find a good deal of personal information about many of the people who had lost their keys, including information about their friends and family.
Other information that was found included university assignments, AutoCAD drawings of work projects and a job application.
Another concern was that 33 of the keys were infected by malware, with a total of 62 infected files found.
While the team didn’t uncover any Apple OS X malware, nine of the keys appeared to belong to Macintosh users and seven of those were infected.
“In other words, if you’re a Windows user, don’t assume that you can automatically trust everything from your Apple-loving friends,” Ducklin said.
However, the biggest surprise for the Sophos team was that none of the keys were encrypted, or appeared to contain any encrypted files.
“All the devices were openly readable at sector level without any decryption, were directly mountable as FAT volumes without a password and consisted of plaintext files in a conventional directory structure,” he said.
Ducklin warned that people should not be lulled into thinking that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.185347
Retrieved Text: Introducing to you Sydney Saffron Extract Select. This product is guaranteed to work and it is by far the most recent breakthrough in weight-reducing. This is a natural Sydney product which contains no artificial ingredients or preservatives, it is made from the saffron crocus. It helps to suppress your appetite and it is manufactured in FDA registered laboratory.
If you want to reduce body fat, try it today! Forget about the cheap weight-reducing supplements that don't provide result. Saffron Extract Sydney NS has a 100% money back guarantee because we are sure that you will lose weight.
This product is known to help Sydney women reduce body fat and blast unwanted belly fats in no time. Saffron Extract has been used for over three hundred years as a seasoning and overweight fragrance. This miracle excess body fat worker helps to suppress your appetite and your urge to over eat- which is the main cause of excess body fat and weight gain.
This supplement was featured on the Dr OZ talk show as a "The New Miracle Appetite Suppressant to Kill Your Hunger". It helps to prevent Sydney emotional eating which is a big factor in excess body fat for many people. It naturally enhances the serotonin levels in your body, which are responsible for both your Sydney mood and appetite.
It has been shown through Health Experts extensive Nova Scotia research that low serotonin levels are the direct cause of binge eating and poor dietary weight-reducing food selections. Through increased levels of serotonin your Sydney body can naturally enhance your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.174107
Retrieved Text: Seventeen-year old Sarah's life is turned upside down when her single mom is sent to jail. She's forced to move, leaving behind everything she's ever known, including her best friend Sydney. Lost and bitter in a new school, her one goal is to save money and move back home. Then she meets Angel Moreno. Enigmatic but gorgeous, Angel is almost too good to be true. Except for one thing, his archaic belief that guys and girls can never be "just friends". The problem? Sarah's best friend Sydney is not a girl. With their unexpected romance intensifying to places neither ever experienced, how long can Sarah keep Angel in the dark about the guy waiting for her back home? This is an EXTENDED sample of FOREVER MINE available EXCLUSIVELY on Wattpad. Like ALL my other stories this one is available in it's entirety on most online retailers! You can read Noah the first in my 5th Street series in it's ENTIRETY for a limited time here on Wattpad! https://www.wattpad.com/myworks/68232500-noah-5th-street-series Content Warning: The story you are about to read is intended for mature readers due to its sexual content and language. It may not be appropriate for all audiences. Please read at your own discretion.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.058542
Retrieved Text: Double Glazing Sydney | Double Glazing Australia: Find The Best Suppliers Of Double Glazed Windows & Doors!
Double Glazing and Sydney go together. Let’s look at how double glazing can make your Sydney home better, and more comfortable, in many ways.
In winter, Sydney can get cold. Through the Western Suburbs, and up into the Blue Mountains, it can get very cold. On occasions, it’s even been below freezing. While it’s not often that cold, we can have our heaters going for months at a time to keep our families warm. That costs us real money. More heat is lost through poor windows than from any other place, so double glazed windows and doors can keep us warm, AND save a lot of money. Oh, and by the way, they can help keep you cooler in summer, too.
Many people only think of double glazing as keeping homes warmer in winter. But Sydney has a hot summer, too, and on some days it’s like being in a sauna.. As an architect friend points out “insulation works both ways”.
Fitting double glazing will help keep your home cool in summer, and help reduce those air conditioning bills.
In our modern, hectic city, we’re exposed to all sorts of noise. Whether it’s freeway traffic noise, trucks in your street, tradesmen working, noisy neighbours, barking dogs, noisy kids, aircraft noise, local entertainment, factories, or any other sources of noise nuisance, double glazing can dramatically reduce the noise noise pollution you suffer. The twin panes of glass, and the gas-filled gap between them, can really

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.02195
Retrieved Text: Discover tax on binary options south africa Business Services, NEC. Information about Sydney Forex Pty Ltd Lakemba, Suite 13- 14/ Haldon St NSW. Sydney Forex Reviews - Financial Services, Lakemba- see all 2 customer reviews and. Convert Lakmba Dollars to Pakistan Rupees with a conversion calculator, or Australian Dollars to Rupees conversion tables.
Address: 147 Haldon Street, Lakemba, Sydney, NSW, 2195 Telephone: 02 9037. St New South Wales, Lakemba Australia. Unsubscribe Sydney Forex Pty Ltd Home. Munir Mohammad. CEO Sydney Forex Pty Ltd, Managing Editor Rabitah Magazine - Sydney and Director ARCPA. Australian. Sydney Forex Pty Ltd Provide safe & Secure remittance service to anywhere in the World. Send money worldwide.Absolutely free of.
Jun 2017. Sydney Sydney forex pty ltd lakemba nsw Pty Ltd: Australia - Pakistan. Why not call Sydney Forex Pty Ltd on 1300. Other companies nearby. lakemba Sydney Australia, Haldon House Function Centre, Lakemba NSW.
Sydney Forex Pty Ltd is sydney forex pty ltd lakemba nsw Money Transfer Business in Lakemba, Sydney. Find related. 168 Haldon Street, Lakemba, New South Wales, 2195, Australia View Map. Haldon St, Lakemba, NSW 2195. St Lfd TaxCare Pty Ltd.
FIRST EASTERN FOREIGN EXCHANGE PTY LIMITED. Suite 13-14 168 Haldon Street Lakemba NSW 2195 Sydney. It can be found in the state of New South Wales, post code Shop 2, Ltd.
Connect with Sydney Forex Pty Ltd in Lakemba, NSW. Opening hours today for Sydney Forex Pty Ltd. ID: 620170278. Firm: Sydney Forex Pty Ltd. Sydney forex pty ltd in the destination country, where will the money be received. Bank accounts В· Invoicing

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.01027
Retrieved Text: The family of a Parkland high school shooting victim are mourning the death of their daughter’s best friend who killed herself this week after suffering from ‘survivor’s guilt’.
Sydney Aiello, 19, became the inadvertent 18th victim of the devastating Parkland high school shooting when she took her own life on Sunday.
She survived the Valentines Day shooting in 2018, but lost her best friend Meadow Pollack in the attack that left 17 students and staff dead, and struggled with post-traumatic stress disorder and ‘survivors guilt’ afterwards.
Meadow’s grief-stricken family is now lamenting Sydney’s death, sharing their heartbreak on having to bury yet another Parkland teenager.
A GoFundMe page raising money for Sydney’s funeral expenses reached $60,896 on Saturday, surpassing the goal of $20,000.
‘It was devastating to bury another beautiful young person in Parkland today. Our community is going through tragedy again. Please keep the Aiello Family in your prayers,’ Hunter Pollack, Meadow’s brother, wrote on Twitter on Friday.
‘Rest in peace, Sydney. Please take care of my sister,’ he added.
Meadow’s father Andrew Pollack, who has turned into a gun reform activist following the attack, told the Miami Herald his ‘heart goes out to those poor, poor parents’.
‘It’s terrible what happened. Meadow and Sydney were friends for a long, long time,’ he said.
‘Killing yourself is not the answer,’ he added.
Aiello died on Sunday at her home in Coconut Creek, Florida, suffering a gunshot wound to the head, according to the Broward County medical examiner’s office. Her funeral took place Friday.
She graduated from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in 2018, one month after

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.721098
Retrieved Text: SBI Sydney Forex Rate, Branch Information. In this post you can get Information about SBI Sydney, SBI Sydney Forex Rates, Branch and SBI IFSC details. The State Bank of India SBI, is the largest and oldest bank in India. SBI is the largest commercial bank in India in terms of assets, deposits, profits, branches, customers and employees Numbers.
Forex recognise Sydney Forex as the most progressive money transfer service providers worldwide. Pick- up method new: The above rates are indicative only subject to change without notice. Your worldwide money transfer service ltd Au; Click on Country to view rate history.
If rates not be herbs garden, rates training I forex, because there you at indications and hair or australia Powered or do work from home jobs in caldwell idaho to.
Aud to pkr sydney forex exchange. Australian dollar rate today in pakistan sydney forex. Instant Money Transfer Sydney Money Aussie All information on this page are traded from third party reliable sources of relevant remittance channels, forex simple aim just send for pakistan information for our users.
Aud para a taxa forex de pkr sydney +44 0207 148 5800 +1 888 772 7771 +61 02 6145 2161. Informações do Worldremit. +44 0207 148 5800 +1 888 772 7771 +61 02 6145 2161.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.576485
Retrieved Text: Melbourne is out of top-6. The team played against two leaders of the championship in two recent matches and lost. However then the team had two draws, that give the club’s fans some hope. Sydney Wonderers won in the first round, but then lost thrice. The team is well-prepared to a new season, but makes some errors. Sydney has +1 of difference between scored and conceded goals. Melbourne has lost to Sydney only once for 11 matches.
On this page you will find the prediction for the FOOTBALL match of Melbourne Victory vs W. Sydney of the A-League, Australia. In this personally prepared preview we use h2h stories, over/under stats, Melbourne Victory - W. Sydney match facts and team news. For more accurate analysis we use any additional information like injuries, suspensions or weather forecasts. On BetFAQ.com website we provide information for helping you make your own decision regarding a bet on this event. Odds for the Melbourne Victory - W. Sydney match prediction are relevant at the time of publication.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.55953
Retrieved Text: We are more than capable of designing, manufacturing and implementing different makes of master key systems such that it satisfies all the needs and requirements of the customers.
No matter what your location is in the metropolitan region of Sydney, no matter the situation you are in with your vehicle, our team of emergency car locksmith Sydney will come to your aid in no time.
Lost car keys Sydney has been prevailing in the Automotive Locksmith sector for many years. We are one among the very few Locksmith who cut and programme the automotive keys with the help of the computer system. We have completed numerous number of keys till date and are glad to let you know that we can also laser cut keys and re-programme them. No matter where you are, you can get it done from one of our mobile locksmith vans that service all around the Sydney wide region and its surrounding suburbs.
Apart from these, we also deal with trucks, vans, SUVs, trailers and more. Experience is our key to open the lock of success. By staying updated to the latest technology, we resolve any kind of issue precisely and promptly without causing any damage to your vehicle.
We not only possess on of the greatest collection of high-tech tools, but also by far the best group of competent individuals on board when compared to others in the whole Sydney region. Each and every one of our crew member is trained and licensed experts who have vast and precise knowledge of the technology followed by

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.556532
Retrieved Text: James Gulliver Hancock is an artist and illustrator from Sydney, Australia. His work has been exhibited in galleries worldwide, and he has worked with a wide variety of high profile clients, including Coca-Cola, David Jones, Telstra, the New York Times, and Herman Miller Furniture. He is the author of All the Buildings of Sydney, The Bow Tie Book and All the Buildings in New York. He is represented by the Jacky Winter Group in Australia.
"Hancock's illustrations are really pleasing to the eye, deftly capturing various iconic buildings around the city, and often supplying fun trivia tidbits alongside. It's a really enjoyable way to discover or revisit iconic landmarks such as Buckingham Palace, the Shard, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, and of course, Big Ben."
"For those who love to walk or bike, this book is a carry-along delight. Turn off Google Maps. Get lost in the book. Get found in the London you've never seen before. Hancock's quirky, humorous, and artful travelogue is a journey through an illustrator's wonderfully whacky mind."
-NeenahPaperBlog.com I love the simple and stylized look that James has used for his drawings. . . [All the Buildings in London] is a wonderful book for sketchbook lovers. I hope to see more in the future."
You can earn a 5% commission by selling All the Buildings in London: That I've Drawn So Far on your website. It's easy to get started - we will give you example code. After you're set-up, your website can earn you money while you work, play or even sleep! You should start

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.32505
Retrieved Text: Lost your registration code? You may recover it at Recover Registration Code.
We have a 30-day money back guarantee refund policy. If you are not satisfied with our products, please contact us at support@magichtml.com within 30 days and we'll refund your purchase.
If you lost your registration code or your code does not work for the latest version, you can retrieve your code at Recover Registration Code.
Technical support is available for registered versions users by email at support@magichtml.com. The support period is one year from the date of purchase.
Please include your license information, link to your webpage, your operating system, web browser version in your email.
Magic Hills Pty Ltd is a privately owned software development company based in Sydney, Australia. We specialize in the development of easy to use, high quality and affordable Flash animation software and Flash components.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.234737
Retrieved Text: Hull & prop cleaning in Sydney Harbour is vital to maintain the optimum operational capacity of your vessel. We offer unmatched professional service for your sub-waterline maintenance, saving you time & money in the long run. We pride ourselves on our excellent customer service.
Whether you have lost an anchor, outboard engine, jewellery, boat ladder, sunglasses, deck equipment, moorings or anything of value to you or your vessel we have the skill & experience to create a plan for professional salvage of your belongings. In the past we have successfully raised gold rings, watches, tenders, tools, moorings & entire boats & equipment from the depths of Sydney Harbour. No job too small or too large.
We offer Sydney Mooring services, using high quality Ropes, Chains, Shackles for total peace of mind for your marine asset, we offer full before and after photos / Video inspections, Lost Mooring Recovery services, Mooring servicing within the Sydney region, port Hacking, Pittwater, All Pontoon / Swing Moorings, Private Jetty services available.
Wells Marine Undersea Diving Services is a local Sydney family-owned & operated business with a long marine history.
Mike Wells - Head diving operations manager, Maritime vessel master & captain, marine vessel management specialist, world record diving achievements as seen on 60Minutes with Charles Wooley.
Jeremy Wells - Diving operations supervisor, Master marine welding contractor in stainless steel / alloy / steel.
Frank Wells - Ex-Australian Navy marine electronics specialist - vast experience within the marine industry.
Operating from the beautiful Rose Bay / Point Piper marinas on Sydney Harbour, Wells Marine Diving Services offers professional

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.205833
Retrieved Text: As the largest city in Australia, Sydney operates a fantastic network of public transportation for residents and visitors with access throughout the city and to the surrounding suburbs and greater state of New South Wales. Navigating a new transportation system, however, can be overwhelming at times, often allowing greater opportunity for getting lost. This quick guide offers a helpful overview of how to access Sydney's many transportation options, ensuring travelers spend more time exploring than feeling confused and frustrated. Happy travels!
Often the quickest means of public transportation, train travel costs approximately the same fare as a bus ride. The Sydney trains are clean, cost effective, fast, and operate on-time. The downside being, as expected, the limited station options, but it's easy to transfer between busses and trains when accessing a destination that's off route. Trains are the best option when heading out of the city to regions like Hunter Valley and The Blue Mountains. Train tickets can be purchased in station or travelers can use the Opal card.
While a taxi may be most convenient, it will also be the most costly. Unless traveling a minimal distance with a few other passengers, a taxi in Sydney is the least economical option. Taxis are frequent enough to hail from the street, especially on major through-ways, but when calling in to request a taxi, be warned, cab companies add fees for booking over the phone. Cash or credit accepted.
Accessible from Circular Quay, ferries churn up and down the Sydney waterways, connecting the city to its northern beaches and suburbs.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.134205
Retrieved Text: GWS Giants vs Sydney Swans | Watch AFL Live Streaming 2018 On Your Computer,PC,Mac,Ipad,Internet.
Australian Football League Live GWS Giants vs Sydney Swans Stream AFL 2015 Seasons Week 21 math will be kick off at Spotless Stadium, Sydney, Western Australia, Australia, Saturday 22 August 2015 online, 14.10 pm (AEDT) and its broadcast on Channel Seven, Foxtell.
Greater Western Sydney Sydney Swans live score (and video online live stream*) starts on 22.8.2015. at 04:10 UTC time at Skoda Stadium stadium, Sydney, Australia in AFL – Australia. Here on SofaScore livescore you can find all Greater Western Sydney vs Sydney Swans previous results sorted by their H2H matches. Links to Greater Western Sydney vs. Sydney Swans video highlights are collected in the Video tab for the most popular matches as soon as video appear on video hosting sites like Youtube or Dailymotion. We’re not responsible for any video content, please contact video file owners or hosters for any legal complaints.
You can watch Greater Western Sydney vs. Sydney Swans live stream online if you are registered member of bet365, the leading online betting company that has streaming coverage for more than 40.000 live sports events with live betting during the year. If this match is covered by bet365 live streaming you can watch Greater Western Sydney Sydney Swans on your iPhone, iPad, Android or Windows phone.
The Swans have won only two of their last five games with losses to Geelong, Hawthorn and the Eagles. They are fifth on the ladder after beating Collingwood last week. They rank 10th in scoring having

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.041851
Retrieved Text: Need Car Keys in Sydney?
PRV Locksmiths Sydney are industry leaders when it comes to car key programming. We have invested heavily in the latest technology to ensure the highest quality when it comes to car key cutting and programming.
We can cut and program car keys on site when all keys are lost, misplaced or damaged. Hundreds of dollars can be saved by calling PRV Locksmiths Sydney rather than towing your car to the dealer. With 24 hour emergency car key service, PRV Locksmiths are here to help with all car key related issues.
For a free quote on any of our car keys and programming services, give us a call on 9555 5555 today.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.030975
Retrieved Text: Thousands of items are listed for auction over the coming weeks to raise money for charity. Pickles will be hosting ten Sydney Airport Lost Property Auctions ranging from the usual to the unusual including clothing, wine & spirits, cameras, perfumes, jewellery, artwork and toys.
Our General Goods items are auctioned via PicklesONLINE – an online platform which allows you to bid at any time, anywhere for the duration of the auction. To participate create a MyPickles account and enter your details.
All goods can be picked up from our Milperra Branch during opening hours. If you cannot make it to Milperra, you can arrange for your items to be delivered to Pack & Send in Liverpool where they can be collected via prior arrangement on Saturdays or afterhours. All Pickles customers will receive a 20% discount for pick-up, packaging and freight.
Call Pack & Send on 02 9822 4733 or email them at liverpool@packsend.com.au to arrange collection.
Stay in the loop of upcoming auctions by subscribing to our General Goods email.
regular updates about upcoming Pickles auctions and promotions.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.011488
Retrieved Text: HMAS Sydney was a modified Leander-class light cruiser of the Royal Australian Navy. The ship had great success in the first years of World War II, but controversy and mystery surrounds the loss of Sydney and its crew in November 1941. Its sinking with all hands represents the greatest ever loss of life in an Australian warship; Sydney was also the largest vessel of any country to be lost with no survivors during the war.
And now it seems the vessel may just have been found, some distance north of Cape Inscription on Dirk Hartog Island. To me, this seems to be very close inshore for a naval wreck as a result of a major sea battle.1 Still, given the description of the battle itself, it’s likely the action took place a few hundred kilometres north-west and Sydney was trying to reach shore before succumbing to her wounds.
It’s a remarkable story, somewhat akin to the stalking and engagement of the German pocket battleship Graf Spee in 1939, although that battle encompassed some very intelligent and seemingly superior tactical minds. Clearly, it seems the loss of the HMAS Sydney comes down to the relatively inexperienced command of her Captain, Joseph Burnett. Even though it seems both vessels were evenly matched for firepower, the element of surprise is undoubtedly what undid Burnett. Sydney’s six inch guns, if they’d been prepared and trained which apparently they weren’t, could have seen a quick end to the Kormoran, but having closed within a kilometre and believing he was challenging a merchantman, Burnett

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.982961
Retrieved Text: Brisbane – Sydney Campervan Hire Special 3 days back t0 Sydney!
Are you currently looking for a cheap way to get to Sydney? Here is a special Brisbane – Sydney Campervan Hire Deal for you! We urgently need to move campers back to Sydney! Call our team on 0412766616 or email us by click here = info@travelwheels.com.au.
Right here at our Brisbane campervan hire depot we have too many campers! Therefore if you are after bargain one way Brisbane – Sydney Campervan Hire, you are in luck!
Brisbane – Sydney Campervan Hire call 0412766616 for deals!
Brisbane – Sydney Campervan Hire Relocation available now!
It must be especially noted that the normal price starts from $49 per day! Therefore this is your opportunity to get a bargain deal! Hence with prices starting from $25 per day, this is a cheap deal! Therefore you are definitely getting a real bargain for Brisbane – Sydney Campervan Hire here! These short one way campervan hire deals are a lot of fun! Check out our customer reviews and feedback from people like you who have used this service!
What is Campervan Hire Relocation + why so cheap?
Travelwheels Campervans has depots all around Australia. Sometimes we need to move our campervans from one location to another city. The main reason why is to fulfill another advance or existing campervan hire bookings. This is why Travelwheels Campervans sometimes offers cheap Brisbane – Sydney Campervan Hire Relocation deals. Here is a link to our free Cairns to Sydney road trip planner. This will give you some ideas on where

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.944549
Retrieved Text: Restore Inner West Line: WestConnex & Sydney Metro - Sydney's Transport Blackhole Misses Out!
WestConnex & Sydney Metro - Sydney's Transport Blackhole Misses Out!
The Liberal Baird government continues to deceive South West Sydney with its claims that major infrastructure projects such as WestConnex and the Sydney Metro will address public transport issues for suburbs such as Berala, Regents Park, Sefton, Chester Hill, Leightonfield, Villawood, Carramar.
The $14.9 billion dollars spent on WestConnex which arguably is a future carpark services no where near suburbs such as Chester Hill and Regents Park which have lost over 80% of train services due to the 2013 timetable changes. A new toll road that doesn't even go into the Sydney CBD cannot simply replace 80% of train services that have been cut from South Western Sydney.
The Sydney Metro's Bankstown extension despite its name and constant claims by the government to be improving South Western Sydney's transport stops at Bankstown. The Sydney Metro line will be from Bankstown travelling east to the City and then north to Chatswood to connect with the North West Rail Link. Berala, Regents Park, Sefton, Chester Hill, Leightonfield, Villawood, Carramar are all west of Bankstown and having lost train services from the 2013 timetable changes can expect no benefit from the Sydney Metro.
The conversion of the Bankstown Line to Rapid Transit status for the Sydney Metro is overstated as it is only a partial conversion for some eastern stations from Bankstown and the City (St Peters and Erskenville are excluded). Also the impact of the construction of the Sydney

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.914196
Retrieved Text: Using a coupon code in the casino couldnt be any easier. Just follow these simple steps to give you more fun, chances, spins, hands and more money … Free Casino Style Slots Games at Free Slots 4U no download is needed. Welcome to Free-Slots. Games. You are on the best site where you can play the slot machines from the leading manufacturers for free. Are … Explore Free Slots Universe with SlotsUp. com. Play 5000 slot games online. All the slots available on our web-site are free. You can play free slots on slotsup. com to give it a try and get used to the way the slot machines work before you continue on your gambling journey and get to the genuine online casino or actual brick-and-mortar casino. Thanks to a profitable casino, an Indian tribe gives its members sizeable cash payments. Its called a basic income and might be the solution to job losses brought on by automation and globalization. Play and enjoy this new Free Spins Casino concept whereby any form of bonus granted will be in the form of free spins on one of the popular NetEnt slots. Watch Full movie Casino (1995) Online Free. Greed, deception, money, power, and murder occur between two mobster best friends … Free casino games give casino tables hire sydney a wide variety of options to play slots games but free games aren't only casino tables hire sydney to slot games. You can explore many other free casino games as well like poker, video poker, roulette, blackjack,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.8698
Retrieved Text: How a doctor forced to flee the Democratic Republic of the Congo is making a new life in Sydney. By Sarah Price.
We meet for the first time in howling wind at the front doors of a Sydney hospital. He is dressed in pants and a cracked leather jacket with elastic cuffs. It is zipped to the neck. He smiles, says hello and walks silently into the hospital’s main foyer. He has just one hour until his shift.
On the way to the cafeteria, we pass the stairs leading to nuclear medicine. We pass an electronic board that covers an entire wall, listing the names of doctors and their specialities. There are gynaecologists and cardiologists, oncologists, pain medicine physicians, thoracic and sleep specialists, neurologists, plastic surgeons, orthopaedic surgeons, ophthalmologists and anaesthetists. Their names are lit up in alphabetical order. We pass the florist, doctors and nurses in scrubs, sick people in wheelchairs.
Tony tells me his story. He grew up in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where he studied medicine. Newly qualified as a doctor, he was sent to east Congo to work. After one year, when the war began, he fled to his family in Kinshasa, in western Congo. Arriving from the eastern side of the country, he was immediately distrusted and accused of spying. He was followed for three days. On the fourth day, he was arrested. In the interview room, he says, there was violence. He was beaten seriously. The officers demanded that he work as a doctor, injecting poison into military leaders captured from

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.846645
Retrieved Text: Sydney FC and Sony are proud to announce the winner of the very first #22 competition.
Mr Luke Alliband has taken out first prize winning himself a mouth watering money can-t buy Sydney FC VIP experience.
Tickets to and VIP treatment for 2 people (both aged over 18 years) to attend a Sydney FC official game on 9 February 2011 season at the Sydney Football Stadium. VIP treatment includes receiving one custom Sydney FC jersey and tickets to the game with seating in the players- enclosure behind the Sydney FC team bench and access to the players changing room.
Congratulations to Luke and all of the winners.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.846192
Retrieved Text: Every day here at Coptic Orphans, I am reminded of the fact that God’s blessings come in every form, shape, and size. A beautiful blessing arrived in our Sydney office the other day in the form of a child’s piggy bank in the shape of an Australian Football League football.
For years two children of a Coptic Orphans supporter dropped various coins—20 cents with a platypus, a dollar with its kangaroos, plus many others—into their football bank. These two lost their father when just children, and they experienced a difficult childhood while their mother struggled to make ends meet. Year in and year out, money from their allowances, from doing chores for neighbors, from summer jobs—a childhood of earnings and memories—went into their football bank. They originally planned to give the money they saved to their mother and to help the family. Their mother told them that it was their money to keep and spend.
This industrious duo—who asked to remain anonymous—are now grown, have recently become independent, and are starting careers. When they were home with their family over the holidays, they remembered their hefty little piggy bank. Thinking of the children in Egypt who have lost their fathers, they decided to donate their childhood savings to Coptic Orphans with the hope that the blessings of their childhoods will bless a child in Egypt.
My thanks to these two for such a beautiful and generous gesture, one that reminds us that every gift is so very precious regardless of its form, shape, and size.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.839827
Retrieved Text: There are many people who would like to have dental implants in Sydney CBD, but who believe that this advanced dental technology is too expensive for them to afford. It’s true, dental implants are not cheap – the training, procedure and equipment required means that there is a sizeable cost involved. All is not lost, however, as a payment plan can help.
There is no need to be scared off by cost when considering dental implants in Sydney CBD. Many dental practices, such as Spa Dental Syndey CBD, offer their patients a payment plan. Practices who have partnered with National Dental Plan are able to offer up to $9000 of treatment, with the cost split into affordable fortnightly payments. Even better, with the National Dental Plan there is no interest to pay. There are, of course, lending criteria to be met, so anyone wanting to take advantage of a payment plan should speak to their dentist about applying.
Dental implants in Sydney CBD may not be cheap, but they should be looked at as a lifetime investment. When they can give the patient confidence in their smile, as well as safeguarding remaining natural teeth from future decline, it is easy to see how the cost can be justified. For younger people who have suffered an accident and lost a tooth or teeth, the knock to their confidence and self-esteem can be considerable. Replacing lost teeth with dental implants in Sydney CBD can give a huge boost to the patient.
For anyone who wears dentures and is considering replacing them

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.8126335
Retrieved Text: India defeated Australia at the Sydney Cricket Ground, and have now won 5, and lost 3 of the 8 matches against Australia in Australia, see Australia v India, and won both matches against Australia at the Sydney Cricket Ground. See Australia v India at home. The 3 match series was drawn 1-1, and India have now won 1, lost 1, and drawn 2 of the 4 series against Australia in Australia. See T20 Series for Australia Versus India at Home.
Krunal Pandya took 4/36 in the match, which was his best bowling performance, the first time that he has taken four wickets in a match, See Best Bowling Performances, and he has now taken 6 wickets at an average of 32.50. the second against England, see Performances by Opponent at All Grounds.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.760658
Retrieved Text: Let us from Indian Australian community along with all others from South Asian communities in Australia come together and raise funds to support victims of Nepal Earthquake. There is a urgent need for funds for victims.
Following guidelines will be followed.
Funds will be raised transparently and announced publicly.
We will work with Nepalese Consul General in Sydney and/or Nepalese Ambassador in Australia and hand over the money to them.
We will keep Indian Consul General in Sydney and Indian High Commissioner in Canberra in the loop.
We will work in collaboration and co-ordination with Nepalese community in Sydney, Australia.
Every cent and dollar will be going to the victims.
Collection of funds will be audited by a chartered accountant to ensure that all raised money has been given to victims.
Names of all donors of $10 and more will be listed in this post and Facebook.
While transferring money, please put your name and Earthquake in the reference. Please also send a copy of transaction details to dryadusingh@gmail.com to make sure your name is published in this Blog post. Please make sure you include your name while sending the transaction detail.
Following people will be co-ordinating and monitoring the fund-raising.
Please open your hearts and help victims of Nepal earthquake.
To pledge your donation, please go to the bottom of this page and leave your details with the amount you are pledging in the “Reply” space.
Jagdish Lodhia, Sydney $400 Paid.
Anonymous donations into bank account have been counted and included in the total sum.
Account transactions have been audited and money collection confirmed by Mr Yateender Gupta, CPA on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.748861
Retrieved Text: On 25th September 2005, Kelvin and Mandy Curtis lost their eldest daughter, Erin, to Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia, she was just 15 years old. Kelvin and Mandy decided to raise money to help, but weren’t too sure which direction to go in.
In 2007 the Leukaemia Foundation's Light the Night was being advertised so Kelvin and Mandy thought they could do something for this charity, as the Leukaemia Foundation helped them when they were in need. Now, Kelvin and Mandy both love music and know how to throw a party, so the idea of a Woodstock style of festival came to mind and as they live in the Naas Valley – ‘Naasstock’ seemed to be a fitting name. This was the birth of Naasstock, they raised $7,000 for the Leukaemia Foundation.
2 years later, they wanted to do it all again, so in 2009 they decided to raise funds for the Sydney Children's Hospital Foundation, Research into Children's Cancer and Blood Disorders, for which Erin's oncologist Professor Glen Marshall is the head of research – this time they raised $15,000. In 2010 Mandy was asked to host a tea and cake stall at an Open Garden Day at a friend’s property, 'Lambrigg' in Tharwa with all profits to be donated to a charity of Mandy and Kelvin’s choice. $4000 was raised from tea and cake!
Another Naasstock was held in 2011, this time Kelvin and Mandy had help with the organising, so the Naasstock Committee was put together. Naasstock 2011 raised $23,050 for the Sydney Children's Hospital Foundation, Research into

================



======= Instance Index 8816 =========
Input Text: Context: Robin left everything.

Question: How would you describe Robin?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: robin left all

B: robin left his girl friend

C: left school

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.734201
Retrieved Text: Dean Arbagast is a stockbroker based in Gotham City. He lives in a condo on 29 Carnegie Avenue, Gotham City New York, 10047 with a land line phone number of 212-555-0173. One of Arbagast's clients was Dr. Gregory Belson. Despite Arbagast's warnings, Belson used inside information to leverage futures with everything he owned. However, the Food and Drug Administration put a hold on the drug involved in Belson's information. Belson couldn't pay everything and tried to convince Arbagast to postpone his payment deadline of $2.5 million to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
While investigating Belson's home, Batman and Robin played a voice message left by Arbagast and traced his phone number. The duo interrogated him from his bedroom. During so, Belson happened to call and suddenly revealed he would be able to pay back the SEC in a week. Robin recorded the call and took the voice recorder tape with him. As Arbagast put down the phone, Batman and Robin disappeared without him knowing.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.994781
Retrieved Text: Following on from our friends Down Under Daisy, and their escapades in their own woods, we remember coming across our own “monster in the woods” ….
This photo was taken by our Dad (we’ve taught him everything he knows) during a camping holiday in Clumber Park (one of the forested places Robin Hood is supposed to have lived in).
And what a monster it is. We called it a scottie-saurus. Do you think Robin Hood left it behind all those long years ago? Or was it there when Robin Hood was around?
We need to know if you’ve come across “monsters”. If so, why not share them with us. We need to know what’s out there to protect our “peeps”.
Lets root them out ….
‹ PreviousTo pee …. or not to pee ….
We think that monster is even scarier than ours! Hope you stayed away from it.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.515667
Retrieved Text: I scored this frame for $6 at Salvation Army in Hilo, then got free prints from a promotion (photoaffections.com). They are mostly photos from Guam, but I had to add in other things I had on hand, like that photo of Dance on the left, and the quotations on post cards. I'm gonna say this is pretty much a self-portrait. Right?
I have a list of things I want to write about; one of these is that I found and adapted this wonderful chewy, chocolate chip cookie recipe. But how can I bake chocolate chip cookies and write about my recipe discovery when there's so much craziness going on in the world, so much injustice to call your attention to?
Losing Mork, Mr. Keating, et. al.
Everything that I wanted to say about the death of Robin Williams has been said, and so eloquently by many. How sad that he is gone and that he was in so much pain. In mourning, I want to see all his movies, have a Robin Williams marathon. It will take a long time to get through such a huge and wide-ranging body of work. What a legacy he left, not only of a body of work and his ability to make us laugh, but in his acts of kindness that we are now hearing so much about. We can't all be Robin Williams brilliant, but we can all aspire to be as kind.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.16255
Retrieved Text: "Yes," said Christopher Robin, smiling to himself.
"I have been told--the news has worked through to my corner of the Forest--the damp bit down on the right which nobody wants—that a certain Person is looking for a house. I have found one for him."
"Ah, well done," said Rabbit kindly.
"We have been joined by something," he said in a loud whisper. "But no matter. We can leave it behind. If you will come with me, Christopher Robin, I will show you the house."
"Come on, Pooh," he said.
"Come on, Tigger!" cried Roo.
"Shall we go, Owl?" said Rabbit.
"Wait a moment," said Owl, picking up his notice-board, which had just come into sight again.
"Christopher Robin and I are going for a Short Walk," he said, "not a Jostle. If he likes to bring Pooh and Piglet with him, I shall be glad of their company, but one must be able to Breathe."
"That's all right," said Rabbit, rather glad to be left in charge of something.
"We'll go on getting the things out. Now then, Tigger, where's that rope? What's the matter, Owl?"
"It is!" and "It can't be!" and "It's really!" to each other.
"There!" said Eeyore proudly, stopping them outside Piglet's house. "And the name on it, and everything!"
"Oh!" cried Christopher Robin, wondering whether to laugh or what. "Just the house for Owl. Don't you think so, little Piglet?"

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.083157
Retrieved Text: Robin Williams (1951-2014) was one of the most loved and respected American actors of the 21st century. The Robin Williams story is filled with both laughter and tears. In this addition of our artist biographies, we will be sharing with you a detailed account of the life of Robin Williams.
While Robin Williams was mostly known for his comedic roles and stand-up comedy routines, he was considered by many to be one of the finest dramatic actors around as well. His teachers at Juilliard labeled him a “genius” early on and his genius lit up the stages and screens of the world for over 30 years.
While Robin Williams was known as a genuinely funny and quick-witted man, it is important to understand that the nature of his genius derived from the study and practice he put into his craft. While he was the master of improv, it came from a genuine drive to excel at comedic art. He drew his material from his own life and from observations of life around him; but he also recognized the influence of other comedians on his work and actively studied how they handled their craft. One of the reasons that Robin Williams became such a superstar of comedy was the dedication he had to his craft. He took a native genius for comedy and learned the skills to make it into an art.
Robin Williams was born in Chicago Illinois in 1951and was described as a quiet and introspective child. His childhood was marked by the absence of his mother and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.07527
Retrieved Text: “What do I recommend about Biondi Franklin Insurance Agency.
Everything. Michael Robin and staff made it very easy to switch from my former carrier to them and they did it very quickly.
“Great people. Saved me a ton of money.
“I love this company! They saved me so much money!
“Saved me a substantial amount of money when I left nationwide years ago!
I had an accident and couldn’t work!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.895994
Retrieved Text: From left, Borough Clerk Robin Hough swears in Councilwoman Rachel-Lynn Slater, as her sons, Alexander and Damian, hold the Bible.
PHOTOS BY VERA OLINSKIFrom left, Borough Clerk Robin Hough gives the Oath of Office to Mayor George Hutnick, while his father, George Hutnick, holds the Bible.
From left, Borough Clerk Robin Hough administers the Oath of Office to Councilman David Astor, with Charlotte Gough holding the Bible.
OGDENSBURG — Ogdensburg's new mayor and council members took their seats on Wednesday, Jan. 2.
George Hutnick took over as mayor, while former mayor Rachel-Lynn Slater returns to the council after taking over as mayor after the resignation of former mayor Stephen Ciasullo.
Hutnick will serve a four-year term while Slater and Astor will serve three-year terms.
Hutnick gave the mayor’s address covering four highlights from everything the mayor and council plan for the 2019 year. He said Ogdensburg hydrants will be flushed in 2019, because of the importance to the water system health.
In addition, Hutnick said, the council will address the ongoing truck issue. Everyone is entitled to make a living, he continued, however, laws need to obeyed, and trucks need to drive safely through town. He already started working with Police Chief Stephen Gordon, Hutnick added, which will slow down trucks and alleviate accidents.
Hutnick also said, the council completed the Main Street Revitalization Project a few years ago, and now, they will continue revitalization around town. He added, he has already started talking to code enforcement; and they will examine all abandoned homes and properties, to make sure everything is neat, clean, and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.810791
Retrieved Text: Robin Gibb performs in the park of Ledreborg Castle near Roskilde, Denmark, on Aug. 15, 2009. Gibb, who with his brothers Barry and Maurice performed as The Bee Gees, helped define the disco era with such dance floor classics as "Stayin' Alive," "Jive Talkin'," and "Night Fever" - catchy songs with falsetto vocals and a relentless beat that became familiar pop culture mainstays.
Gibb, 62, died Sunday, May 20, 2012, following a long battle with cancer and intestinal surgery, his family announced in a statement.
Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees is pictured in March 1967.
The Bee Gees (Barry, Robin, & Maurice Gibb) appear on the Dutch music program "Twien" in 1968.
The Bee Gees, from left, Maurice, Barry and Robin Gibb, join actor Jim Brown, right, on Stage 14 of Paramount Studios during a disco party for the premiere of "Saturday Night Fever" in Los Angeles on Dec. 8, 1977.
From left, Robin, Barry and Maurice Gibb of the Bee Gees pose for a photo on July 31, 1978.
The Bee Gees, born in England but raised in Australia, began their career in the musically rich 1960s but it was their soundtrack for the 1977 movie "Saturday Night Fever" that sealed their success. It became one of the fastest-selling albums of all time with its innovative fusion of harmony and pulsing beats, and produced four Number 1 hits, including "Stayin' Alive," "How Deep Is Your Love," "Night Fever" and "If I Can't Have You." The album also featured "More Than a Woman" and "You Should Be Dancing."
Maurice Gibb, Barry Gibb

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.602287
Retrieved Text: I will constantly update this blog post so watch this space.
14/05/10- Discovered Robin Nest. Adult Robin incubating eggs?
17/05/10- Adult robin still in the nest looking cute.
25/05/10- Adult robin in nest. I can confirm that there are currently NO eggs... but the robin is perhaps pregnant.
26/04/11- Found three baby robins in the nest!!!
30/04/11- Two robins had gone, one left in garage fluttering away, not the strongest flyer, watched it as it left and reunited with mother and father. :D Bye bye Robins! See you again next year?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.585342
Retrieved Text: All the more remarkable, then, that Robin and Marian is the smashing success that it is. It’s a triumph of direction, pure and simple. Indeed, in this film, as in The Three Musketeers and The Four Musketeers, I think we are seeing the maturity of that Lester Touch of which Pauline Kael asked, in 1965, “It’s a great technique, but what can you do with it?” The style that seemed so effortlessly comic yet inconsequential in The Knack and A Hard Day’s Night, so well-meaning and yet so labored in Help! and How I Won the War, is at last coming into its own. What Lester has finally achieved is a melding of, on the one hand, his talent for wit, satire, and throwaway economy (learned from television commercials) with, on the other, the artistic significance he has striven toward from the very beginning of his career.
In the background, followers of Robin Hood mill about, preparing themselves for battle; in the middle ground, Marian pours the slops into a dugout grease trap; Robin enters in closeup from lower screen left, and says, “They’ll attack at dawn; I want us in position tonight.” He moves briefly to Marian, then passes on toward the background of the shot. Marian moves toward us, occupying our attention for a moment, before she passes out of the frame at the point where Robin entered. Robin himself has become lost in the fading depth of field toward the rear. David Watkin’s camera tilts up slightly, correcting itself; and as Robin and Marian

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.530003
Retrieved Text: A shadow broke from the corner of Middle Temple Lane. The light caught on a shiny bowler hat and the guy stepped out, his hands tucked deep into his overcoat.
“M-m-miss SanGreal,” he said with a bow. He wiped his round face with a yellow handkerchief and tucked it away in under the hat. He looked like a clown, Big round waist and baggy trousers held up with red and white striped suspenders. The jowls wobbled as he walked and his hair, two tufts either side of his ears, seemed to slid across his face as they formed a pair of archaic mutton-chops. Johnny Little’s face was simple and open, except for the eyes. Small, sharp and darting, something unpleasantly ratty.
“I am unarmed, Art,” answered Robin.
Anyone else would have been collecting their guts off the floor. It amazed Billi, even now, how her dad got away with it.
Billi took their coats. Robin slid his umbrella into the waste bin beside the door and Johnny unholstered a pair of Berettas hanging from shoulder holsters. He reached around his back and unclipped a shiny Smith and Wesson revolver. Then he lifted up his right trouser leg, he wore suspenders on his socks, and a small antique Derringer came out of the band around his thick chubby calves.
Johnny smiled shyly and took off his bowler. A Glock 26. He peeled off the tape and handed it to her.
“Swords don’t jam.” But it was more than that. Guns attracted a lot of unwanted attention. They were noisy and left a lot

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.339607
Retrieved Text: Robin Williams’ widow, Susan Schneider Williams, and his adult children have been given eight more weeks to resolve a dispute over the division of the actor’s estate.
In March, a San Francisco judge gave both parties eight weeks to settle their disagreement, relating to roughly 1,200 of the star’s personal items.
Some 300 items are still disputed, as well as the money required to maintain one of his homes.
The judge gave the two sides until the end of July to resolve the differences.
Among the items Susan Schneider Williams wants to keep are the tuxedo the actor wore to their wedding, his slippers, T-shirts and some boxer shorts.
Robin Williams and Susan Schneider had been married for three years before the actor took his own life in August 2014.
Both parties also need to resolve the value of a reserve fund to allow Susan Schneider Williams to maintain the San Francisco home Robin Williams left to her, with instructions she receive enough money to keep it up through her lifetime.
Robin Williams left most of his estate to his three children – Zachary, Zelda and Cody – from a previous marriage.
In legal papers filed in December, Susan Schneider Williams said the contents of their home should be excluded from the items Robin Williams left his children.
Robin Williams’ children claimed their father’s widow was “adding insult to a terrible injury” by trying to change the trust agreement and rob them of items their father clearly intended them to have.
Susan Schneider Williams’ lawyer, James Wagstaffe, described her as “an emotionally grieving widow who is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.32027
Retrieved Text: We’ve got something special for you today–a book review from Robin Westphal, our library director. Most of these reviews are written by BJ Krug (Marketing Coordinator), Jennifer Johnson (School Age Program Coordinator), or Angela Stanbrough (Preschool Program Coordinator). Special Thanks to Robin for this review!
Spence’s style of writing letters to books is what I think makes this book unique and fun. While I didn’t agree with everything she said, the style made me want to write letters to the books, that have had both left a positive and negative impact. “Dear S.E. Hinton – I want “Stay Gold, Pony Boy” written on my tombstone when I die, but my daughters think that’s corny.” Or “Hey John Grisham – Stick to legal thrillers, Skipping Christmas really stunk.” Trust me though, Spence does snark way better than I do AND you’ll end up with a ton of books on your “To Be Read” (aka TBR) list.
“Dear Fahrenheit 451-I think you’re hilarious and I promise NOT to weed you anytime soon.
You can find Dear Fahrenheit 451: Love and Heartbreak in the Stacks in our catalog. Click here to view this item’s record.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.196383
Retrieved Text: Curtsy & Bow Events is a wedding planning and florist based in Ferndale, Michigan. Since 2010, owner, designer and planner Robin has had a passion for bringing weddings to life from elegant and whimsy florals to intricately designed cakes. She loves implementing her clients' styles and simply loves everything there is about planning a stunning and classy wedding. She combines her passion for flowers and event design to execute the wedding you have always imagined. From start to finish, she is here for you!
Robin is absolutely phenomenal and was the total calm in the storm during our ceremony and reception. She was on top of everything and has the perfect demeanor to manage this high-stress environment. I’m so grateful for all her help and insight, we truly would not have seen things go so smoothly without her touch on each step of the process. Thank you Robin!!
To put it simply, Robin was an absolute dream to work with. I planned my entire wedding from out of state and it was essential that I have someone with experience to run the event and make sure everything flowed smoothly. From the planning process, to the execution the day of, Robin was like my genie. She listened to everything I said I wanted, took a look at my vision board, answered a million questions, asked questions that I didn't know to consider, and made my wedding dreams come to life. There were also times where she filled in the gaps that I didn't realize I had. She was my

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.192009
Retrieved Text: When Kimberly McCullough signed on the dotted line last fall to return to General Hospital as Robin everyone knew from the jump that it was going to be a short term thing. After portraying Robert Scorpio and Anna Devane’s daughter on and off for more than 25 years, Robin can probably come and go as she pleases from the show. While most every soap character can be recast, Kimberly is about as safe as it gets from that ever happening to her beloved Robin. As she put it recently, every character can be recast bust some just shouldn’t be.
So as Robin left presumably to find and bring back the character of Jason, writers’ were left with the task of figuring out what to do with her onscreen husband, Patrick (played by Jason Thompson). The last time that Kimberly left, Robin was presumed dead and so Patrick went through the whole grieving process. This time the writers have decided that in order to keep him front and center and to keep his story moving they will have him involved in other story lines rather than having the loss of Robin be his story line.
According to the March 17th print edition of Soap Opera Digest Kimberly is well aware of how much the fans want a happy ending for Robin and Patrick but she is glad that they don’t have that. It means that Jason gets to keep doing a bang up job as Patrick onscreen. He started off as filler and thanks to Jason’s portrayal, Patrick has

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.094208
Retrieved Text: The Baroness’ persistent squeal and over-the-top character, played by Kama Tesar (center), was well matched by her fellow performers in Prairie du Chien High School’s “Robin Hood.” They include (from left) Sherwood foresters Jillian Kruempel and Erin Amdahl, as well as members of the “merry men,” Tristan Nesvold as Allan-a-Dale, Hailey Seitz as Meg, Ian Halderson as Will Scarlett and Sophie Miller as Beatrice.
Derek Spiller was the perfect lead character in Robin Hood (center), surrounded here by his “merry men” (from left): Hailey Seitz as Meg, Dylan Skime as Little John, Ian Halderson as Will Scarlett and Carter Wittrig as Much the Miller. True to legend, the heart of Prairie du Chien’s version of “Robin Hood” is its story of taking from the rich to give to the poor.
Friar Tuck, played by middle schooler David Riniker, sits beneath a tree talking to himself and eating voraciously, before realizing he’s being spied upon by Robin Hood.
Distraught by the sheriff’s scheme to wed her, young Ellen, depicted by Alaina Lenz, converses with the inn keeper, played by middle school student Robert Groom.
“Robin Hood,” a humorous and action-packed play by Larry Blamire, was performed over the weekend in the Prairie du Chien High School Little Theater. The play tells the story of the grand adventure of Robin Hood, played by Derek Spiller (left) and his band of outlaws as they steal from the rich and give to the poor, while the audience simultaneously watches a romance bloom between the witty Robin and the skeptical and skilled Maid Marian, the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.071482
Retrieved Text: A cancelled event this morning led us to a surprise meeting with Robin McCormick. Robin is the father of Corporal Zachery McCormick, a Canadian Soldier who was killed in 2009 in Afghanistan. Robin has had Zachery’s truck “wrapped” in graphics promoting the Canadian Hero’s Foundation, a Hamilton. Ontario organization that promotes support and awareness for the families of first responders and fallen soldiers.
Robin is on a tour of BC from his home in Sherwood Park, Alberta, on his own time and at his own expense. The pride he has in Zachery’s service is evident on the truck and in his speech. The tour began last Saturday night, an hour after Robin and his wife arrived home from attending the National Day of Honour ceremonies. After his visit with us he left on his way to his next stop in Parksville. You can find his itinerary and photos on the organization’s website at www.canadianheroes.com.
We’ve added photos of the truck below. Zachery is 2nd from the left.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.0283
Retrieved Text: Former Manchester United and Arsenal striker Robin van Persie scored a hat-trick and moved past 200 career league goals in Feyenoord's Eredivisie thrashing of Emmen.
Van Persie, 35, who will retire at the end of the season, took his tally to 14 goals this term.
Netherlands international winger Steven Berghuis added a fourth for Giovanni van Bronckhorst's side.
Feyenoord stay third, 15 points behind leaders PSV Eindhoven.
Match ends, Feyenoord 4, FC Emmen 0.
Second Half ends, Feyenoord 4, FC Emmen 0.
Substitution, Feyenoord. Luis Sinisterra replaces Robin van Persie.
Attempt saved. Caner Cavlan (FC Emmen) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Andrej Lukic.
Attempt saved. Steven Berghuis (Feyenoord) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Robin van Persie.
Delay in match Caner Cavlan (FC Emmen) because of an injury.
Attempt saved. Caner Cavlan (FC Emmen) left footed shot from long range on the left is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Jafar Arias.
Attempt missed. Luciano Slagveer (FC Emmen) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right following a corner.
Corner, FC Emmen. Conceded by Jordy Clasie.
Substitution, FC Emmen. Jafar Arias replaces Anco Jansen.
Goal! Feyenoord 4, FC Emmen 0. Steven Berghuis (Feyenoord) from a free kick with a left footed shot to the top right corner.
Attempt blocked. Keziah Veendorp (FC Emmen) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Luciano Slagveer.
Attempt missed. Luciano Slagveer (FC Emmen) right footed shot from outside the box is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.02305
Retrieved Text: The beginning of summer means longer days and warmer weather, but it also involves seasonal fun that many of us wait all year for.
Shop for Christophe Robin Regenerating Mask with Rare Prickly Pear Seed Oil in at REVOLVE.
1/5 From left: Christophe Robin @christopherobinparis; CHRISTOPHE ROBIN Regenerating mask with Rare Prickly Pear Seed oil.
Christophe Robin Regenerating Mask with Rare Prickly Pear Seed Oil uploaded by dima z.
Christophe Robin Regenerating Mask with Rare Prickly Pear Seed Oil uploaded by Brandi R.
Description. Discover a complete regenerating ritual with the The Regenerating Mask Kit from Christophe Robin.
Christophe Robin Cleansing Mask with Lemon/8.3 oz.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.009636
Retrieved Text: Directions:Hwy 50 exit south on Missouri Flat Rd. Left on Pleasant Valley Rd. Right at the Y'' to stay on Pleasant Valley Rd. Pleasant Valley Rd becomes Sly Park Rd. Left on Valley View Dr. Left on Red Robin Rd. Turn right at 6380 Red Robin Rd onto Pine Zette and continue to the gate at 6390.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.98585
Retrieved Text: Robin Bates was last seen around 1900 hours on 09/09/16 in the area of Brown and Gilbert in Mesa. He left in his green 2008 Nissan Maxima with AZ license plate BDL4140. He left his medications and cell phone at home. Robin has not been seen or heard from since and his family is concerned for his welfare.
Anyone having information regarding this case is asked to contactMesa Police 480-644-2211 or Investigator Gonzales at 480-644-2487.
Robin is diabetic and has AFIB. Last seen wearing is unknown.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.9615345
Retrieved Text: Relive the ever popular Robin Hood legend with SillyJokes' wide range of Robin Hood fancy dress costumes. Our Robin Hood fancy dress includes everything from bow and arrows and Friar Tuck hair to full 'men in tights' outfits. Can't find what you're looking for in our Robin Hood fancy dress section? Try our highwaymen and musketeer fancy dress section or our pirate fancy dress section for more ideas.
Browse our Robin Hood fancy dress section below and buy online today.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.934113
Retrieved Text: (Left to Right: Rosemarie, Cielito del Mundo, Maggie de la Riva, Jean Lopez, Susan Roces, Gloria Sevilla, Miriam Jurado and Daisy Romualdez (Amalia Fuentes not in the photo).
Controversial scenes in Regal Films' "Disgrasyada".
Freddie Webb (as Spider Web), Merle Fernandez (as Catwoman), Jun Aristorenas (as Johnny Joker), Virginia (as Batwoman) and Robin Aristorenas (as Robin).
Virginia as Batwoman and Robin Aristorenas as Robin.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.920274
Retrieved Text: In “Boulevard,” the last movie Robin Williams appeared in before his death, his character was sad and lonely, even around the people who loved him. Nolan, portrayed by Robin, had lived his whole life as a lie. And in a split second, to satisfy his thirst for something tangible, something to make him feel alive again, he reached out, not to those close to him, but to a total stranger. It was a moment that he couldn’t take back. And he didn’t want to.
I won’t go into detail, for those who haven’t seen the movie yet. But as I sat in the movie theater on a Sunday afternoon, right here in Nashville where the movie was filmed, I actually found myself holding my breath several times, feeling Nolan’s pain and sadness. Or was it Robin’s?
I can’t help but wonder how making this movie may have impacted Robin’s life, and whether the story line may have left him more depressed… enough to take his own life.
If you haven’t seen the latter, I highly recommend it. It totally changed the way I think about life, and death, and everything in between. It was, in my opinion, his greatest work. And coincidentally, the story line is about a man whose wife died by suicide. He loved his wife so deeply that when he later died in an accident, he went to hell, literally, to bring her back into the light.
No matter our beliefs, we have to hold on to something. And I’m holding on to that image of Robin

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.902985
Retrieved Text: Bound for a dreamy holiday resort, Robin discovers a mysterious world that soon turns dark and dangerous when a mutant reveals himself. Robin is forced into a deadly confrontation for his survival.
Robin’s first time in Mena Lagoon is a wonderful experience. It’s not long before the events that unfold turn out to be quite strange. After meeting an elusive gentleman, he realizes not everything is at it seems on the private beach.
Jared is handsome in the most devastating way. Despite his dark, shrouded aura, Robin soon becomes aware that there is an intense attraction growing between them. One night of fulfilling his wild desires has him hooked. To his morbid fascination, he learns that his new lover is a mutant.
Learning the truth is not enough to repel Robin. Instead, he feels compelled to help Jared. The mysteries come with discovering what lies in the blood of the Hurley brothers.
Jared surrendered his mortal life to try to save his brother, but he starts to regret everything when they turn against each other.
Learning the truth is not enough to repel Robin. Instead, he feels compelled to help Jared. The mysteries come with discovering what lies in the blood of the Hurley brothers. Jared surrendered his mortal life to try to save his brother, but he starts to regret everything when they turn against each other.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.866496
Retrieved Text: DDD staff photos of local scholarships.
Photo provided Robin Byrd, right, president of Kennett Business Women of Missouri, presents Justin Lynn, left, a 2011 Kennett High School graduate, scholarship funds from the organization. Lynn is the son of David and Julie Lynn and will be attending Auburn University in the Fall.
Photo provided Robin Byrd, left, president of Kennett Business Women of Missouri, presents Linda Rainey, right, a scholarship check. Rainey is a non-traditional student recipient and will be attending the Nursing Program at Arkansas Northeastern College.
Photo provided Andy Lack, left, a 2011 scholarship recipient from the Missouri Business Women of Kennett, is presented a check by Robin Byrd, president. Lack's parents are Jeff and Julie Lack and he will be attending Southeast Missouri State University in the Fall.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.84416
Retrieved Text: "Thanks" Robin and I - Truly appreciate your gracious comments.. We know how important it is when you and your family plan your vacation (beach) time!! Its so important to have a 'welcoming' home to come to and we do everything we can to make that DREAM come true.. We will always leave our hall light lite for our great family friends!! Enjoy your upcoming holiday time... Robin and Michael"
"Robin and I - Truly appreciate your gracious comments.. We know how important it is when you and your family plan your vacation (beach) time!! Its so important to have a 'welcoming' home to come to and we do everything we can to make that DREAM come true.. We will always leave our hall light lite for our great family friends from Oklahoma!! Enjoy your upcoming holiday time... Robin and Michael"
Vous recherchez un hébergement à Panama City?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.79244
Retrieved Text: Nefyn aerial view taken in the 1930's near the top of Screw Road (right side center). There are no houses behind Cliff Castle, and very few along the cliffs. There is no sign of Glan-y-Pwll, Tai Newyddion, or the Prisoner of War (POW) camp along the Morfa Nefyn road (upper left corner).
I have no idea how Jones the Chemist arranged to have this photo taken.
Photo courtesy of Emrys Parry.
Richard Owen Jones (1912-1975) master butcher Glyllifon Stores, and son of Owen Jones.
Photo courtesy of Hefina Yates.
Glynllifon Stores, High Street with the butcher's on the left and the grocer's on the right. The grocer's later became Glyn Cafe (Cafe Pyrs). The house on the left eventually became a greengrocer's owned by Griffith Griffiths (Giddy Gids). A new house built at the wall on the extreme left later became a Fish and Chip shop owned by Thomas Jones. Shop Glanrafon across the street became a draper's owned by Morris Jones.
Morris Jones owner of the drapery Shop Glanrafon on High Street.
Robert (Robin) John Jones (1877-1944) chemist High Street and his wife Mari Elizabeth. Robin was also an expert photogtrapher publishing many postcard photgraphs of the Nefyn area.
The Nefyn Football team of the 1930's. Top row: (left to right) John Robert Hughes; Richard Owen Jones (Dic Owen); Robin J. Parry (Robin Rafon); Wil Alfred Jones (Wil Alf); and Ffrancon Davis.
Front Row: Huw Griffith Hughes; Emlyn Hughes (Emlyn Bwlch); David John Roberts (Connie); unknown; unknown.
Missing from the photograph is Towan.
Members of the Nefyn Football team. From left: Richard Owen Jones, unknown, and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.779385
Retrieved Text: Heart Spring Mountain : a novel / Robin MacArthur.
Participant or Performer: Read by Suzanne Elise Freeman.
Summary: In this evocative first novel, a young woman returns to her rural Vermont hometown in the wake of a devastating storm to search for her missing mother and unravel a powerful family secret. It's August 2011, and Tropical Storm Irene has just wreaked havoc on Vermont, flooding rivers and destroying homes. One thousand miles away-while tending bar in New Orleans-Vale receives a call and is told that her mother, Bonnie, has disappeared. Despite a years-long estrangement from Bonnie, Vale drops everything and returns home to look for her. Though the hometown Vale comes back to is not the one she left eight years earlier, she finds herself falling back into the lives of the family she thought she'd long since left behind. As Vale begins her search, the narrative opens up and pitches back and forth in time to follow three generations of women-a farming widow, a back-to-the-land dreamer, and an owl-loving hermit-as they seek love, bear children, and absorb losses. All the while, Vale's search has her unwittingly careening toward a family origin secret more stunning than she ever imagined. Written with a striking sense of place, Heart Spring Mountain is an arresting novel about returning home, finding hope in the dark, and of the power of the land-and the stories it harbors-to connect and to heal. It's also an absorbing exploration of the small fractures that can make families break-and the lasting ties that bind them together.
Authors: Freeman,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.771431
Retrieved Text: A number of my nearest and dearest battle depression, often made worse by the stigma surrounding it. Depression is the cancer of the soul. It may not destroy your cells, but it slowly kills you all the same. Those two illnesses may achieve their ultimate aims in different ways but we can’t forget that both can be equally severe and life-threatening. Both can go into remission, but they can be lurking under the surface for years, waiting to attack again, unseen by outsiders. And sometimes, for people suffering either illness, there is no more fight left to give.
If one of comedy’s brightest stars couldn’t beat the darkness, perhaps the world will start to see why it is such a difficult fight to win. While the circumstances are tragic, it gives me hope that the stigma can be broken and that we can change our attitudes to help those who need it. In addition to providing the world so much laughter, wouldn’t it be great if Robin Williams’ legacy could, through its tragedy, now also help those who have lost their laughter?
If you would like to learn more about depression or seek help, please visit BeyondBlue. And please check out this video about Robin Williams and depression, which sums up everything better than I could ever hope to.

================



======= Instance Index 19802 =========
Input Text: Context: Ash played catch.

Question: What will Ash want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: start a baseball game

B: ash played cricket

C: played catch

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.854288
Retrieved Text: (Japanese: ミニリュウのでんせつ The Legend of Miniryu) is the 35th episode of the Pokémon anime. It was first broadcast in Japan on November 25, 1997, but was not aired anywhere else outside of Asia.
After finally entering the safari zone, our heroes meet up with the elderly supervisor of the zone. As they are being explained the rules of the safari zone in his office, a picture, carefully hung there, catches Ash’s attention. It is a picture of the elderly supervisor as a boy, taken alongside a Dratini, the legendary Pokémon. Ash asks desperately about the existence of Dratini, but the elderly man denies everything. Hearing of the plenitude of Pokémon in the safari zone, Team Rocket also arrives on the scene.
As Ash, Misty, and Brock are about to reach the Safari Zone, Ash happily sings about it. Brock asks Ash to stop singing, but Ash ignores him. Misty and Pikachu sing along, and Brock gives in and decides to sing as well. Just then, a man approaches from a nearby building and abruptly demands that they keep quiet. When Ash asks what the man's problem is, the man pulls out a firearm and asks whether he wants to get shot. The group hastily apologizes and the man relents, then introduces himself as Kaiser, the Safari Zone warden.
Inside the warden's office, Kaiser shows the group a basket of Safari Balls and a fishing rod. Ash is delighted and reaches out eagerly for them, but Kaiser pulls his gun out and explains the rules of the Safari Zone: all

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.311712
Retrieved Text: Our friends are walking through a dark forest one afternoon. Pikachu hears something and they look up to see a large birdhouse in a tree. As they watch, Pokemon lands on a branch and looks it over. The Pokedex identifies it as a Noctowl, the evolved form of HootHoot. These are supposed to be nocturnal Pokemon, but Misty theorizes that because the forest is so dark, the Pokemon think it's night when it isn't.
The branch moves and the Noctowl is scared away. Soon after, another Noctowl lands on the branch, this one is a different colour. Another small branch with berries on it appears, but the Noctowl kicks it away and butts the tree. A man who had been sitting in the tree wearing a disguise falls down, and everyone runs to help him.
His name is Doctor Wiseman, he's trying to catch the unusually coloured Noctowl but it keeps outsmarting him. This particular Noctowl is smaller, has a different colour, and seems more intelligent than average, which makes rare and valuable.
Ash wants to catch it and throws a Pokeball, but it kicks the Pokeball back at him. The Noctowl stares at him for a moment, then suddenly Ash begins to talk to a rock, believing it to be Pikachu! Dr. Wiseman explains that the Noctowl used its Hypnosis ability to put Ash under a spell so he wouldn't be able to capture it.
Later they are all at Dr. Wiseman's cabin having tea (Ash has recovered by this time). The doctor says he came to this forest

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.152693
Retrieved Text: It was a big night of party action on July 7 at Norma Jeans in Mandurah, with entertainment from Swag featuring Boston Switch &amp; Ash Pluggy. The resident photographer was on hand to catch these photos of the night – recognise anyone?
It was a big night of party action on July 7 at Norma Jeans in Mandurah, with entertainment from Swag featuring Boston Switch & Ash Pluggy.
The resident photographer was on hand to catch these photos of the night – recognise anyone?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.57046
Retrieved Text: A hand-sculpted porcelain incense dish painted with a graphic eye motif. For daily rituals or sacred ceremonies, burn stick incense or ash your other favorite incense.
Each handmade piece is unique, sculpted shapes and motifs are individual to each piece. Tip: trim stick for an upright fit to catch ash.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.534359
Retrieved Text: Setting the World on Its Buneary! (Japanese: ミミロルとあそぼう！？ Let's Play with Mimirol!?) is the ninth episode of the Diamond & Pearl series, and the 475th episode of the Pokémon anime. It first aired in Japan on November 16, 2006 and in the United States on June 18, 2007.
When Dawn wakes up to a bad hair day, there's only one solution: have Piplup use Bubble Beam to fix her hair! Yep, it's just another typical morning on the road for our heroes until Pikachu catches the eye of a wild Buneary. Dawn wants to catch it for the upcoming Pokémon Contest, but it's too shy to stick around for long. And when Buneary comes back, both Ash and Dawn want to catch it, but Buneary's too slick for Piplup to handle. That means Ash and Pikachu get a chance!
The only problem is, Buneary definitely has a crush on Pikachu and even hits our heroes with an Ice Beam so it can be alone with Pikachu. This is certainly a new situation for Pikachu, who isn't entirely sure what to do! But when Team Rocket jumps in and steals Buneary, Pikachu bravely offers to go with Team Rocket if they let Buneary go. Team Rocket being Team Rocket, they accept Pikachu's offer and then keep both Pokémon anyway. Pikachu manages to break free and rescue Buneary, and the two then work together to wreck Team Rocket's latest Pokémon-stealing robot.
After seeing all this, Ash and his friends agree that Buneary would be a great addition to the team. However,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.53179
Retrieved Text: On Ash Wednesday, tomfoolery is finally over. The carnival figures have to be brave, for Lent comes at the end of the carnival session . We've got something to cure your hangover: a recipe called „Zims eats fish“. Pay us a visit and eat a fresh catch of fish from Ash Wednesday to Sunday.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.470686
Retrieved Text: Lucky hikers can catch the sunset in the Valley just as it illuminates the bright colors of the ash. These colors were created by now extinct fumaroles. As the fumaroles released steam, they oxidized the ash around them creating brilliant hues of red, yellow, orange, and purple. Get out and explore this unique landscape!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.464933
Retrieved Text: Dust particles can make cleaning a vacuum miserable, but imagine how it would be like while cleaning out a fireplace or wood-burning stove! Typical vacuums just can't clean these high-traffic areas. Love-less ash vacuums are equipped to meet your needs. The Love-less Ash 2F22 ash vacuum cleaner filter package helps you get the most out of your ash vacuums.
Because you are dealing with heat and coal, wood and fire, the 2FF2's primary filter is made from flame resistant fiberglass material that can withstand high temperatures. If hot ash is accidentally sucked through the vacuum, the filter will not catch on fire. This is a definite peace of mind!
Also, the 2F22 uses a secondary filter to prevent dirt, soot, and ash from getting into the motor of your ash vacuum. These replacement filters prolong the life and use of your vacuums, as well as offer resistance to potential disasters (fire). Keep your home healthy and safe by purchasing this filter package!
Filter package comes with the primary and secondary filter.
Filters are designed to last several years.
Prevents motor failure from dust, soot, and ash build-up.
Primary filter is made of flame resistant fiberglass material.
Secondary filter filters out fine ash and soot.
Secondary filter prolongs the life of the ash vacuum cleaner.
Because mine were wore out.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.3936
Retrieved Text: Spellings are put in books every Friday for a spelling quiz the following Friday. Ash class have been doing amazingly well in their spelling quiz! Well done Ash class.
It has been lovely to begin to get to know you all and I'm sure we have fantastic year ahead as team Ash.
If you have any queries or questions, please do come in and make an appointment to see me after school as you all know I am happy to have a catch up any time.
Numeracy and Literacy games A fun way to practise the children's numeracy and literacy skills.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.207256
Retrieved Text: Let this smiley face emoje incense holder fill you with joy.
Hand painted cold cast resin, 10 inches long.
It is a nice burner. Made with a polished resin. Built undestrutable lol.the base would be wide enough to burn cones. I haven't burned any cones yet to see if it might leave a stop from heat. Catches ash real good. I had have cheap wooden ones before and ash would fall off sides. The reason it got four stars is the hole for the sti k end of the incense isn't drilled straight. So you have to adjust incense so it will be straight enough to catch the ash.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.199036
Retrieved Text: Download Ash Vs Evil Dead Season 2 Trailer | REACTION And REVIEW | SO MUCH BLOOD!!
File Name: Ash Vs Evil Dead Season 2 Trailer | REACTION And REVIEW | SO MUCH BLOOD!!
Ash vs Evil Dead Season 2 Trailer Reaction and Review. This is the series about Ash played by Bruce Campbell in which he must put an end to the evil spirits still lurking from the Original Evil Dead.
If you enjoyed this video consider subscribing to my channel below, new content is up every single week.
Be sure to check out my other playlist below.
- Check out my Facebook page!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.102718
Retrieved Text: Ash catches his very first Pokemon, a Caterpie. However, Misty has a problem with bug Pokemon and rejects Caterpie's presence.
While still traveling through the Viridian Forest, Ash and Misty find a Pokemon trainer named Samurai, who has been challenging all of the trainers from Pallet Town.
Ash challenges Brock, the Pewter City gym leader.
With Brock as their new traveling companion, Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head for Mount Moon, where they discover a group of Clefairy and the legendary Moon Stone.
The gang head for Cerulean City. But Misty mysteriously disapproves. When they arrive, they find out that the gym is run by Misty's sisters.
With two badges, Ash begins to get cocky. He challenges A.J., a trainer that no one has been able to beat, because of his Sandshrew.
The gang come across a Pokemon school, where the kids learn how to become trainers and get into the Pokemon League without badges.
The gang find the lighthouse of the Pokemon researcher, Bill, who is trying to solves the mystery of the mysterious Dragonite.
The gang finally make it to Vermillion City!! But the gym leader, Lieutenant Surge, is big and brutal with his Raichu. Will Pikachu be able to defeat his evolved form?
The Saint Anne has capsized and sunk with Ash, the gang, and Team Rocket trapped inside. Now, both sides must put aside their differences in order to escape.
The trainers, the Pokemon, and Team Rocket find themselves stranded on a mysterious island that is populated by giant Pokemon.
The gang make it to Saffron City and challenge the psychic gym leader, Sabrina.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.07108
Retrieved Text: Carbon/slag interactions have been investigated between two carbonaceous materials, metallurgical coke (18.3% ash) and natural graphite (2.1% ash), and an EAF slag (34.8% Fe2O3) using a sessile drop arrangement at 1550°C to determine the role played by carbonaceous materials in carbon/slag interactions and interfacial phenomena. Gaseous emissions from metallurgical coke in the presence of slag were much higher than those from coke alone indicating significant carbon/slag interactions with the system exhibiting extensive/rapid iron oxide reduction, very high rates of gas generation but poor gas entrapment within the slag phase. High levels of gas generation led to a strong likelihood of convective transport of reactants and products across the metallurgical coke/slag interface with oxides present in coke ash partially dissolving in molten slag and modifying slag composition. Natural graphite on the other hand showed slow rates of gas generation, slow reduction of iron oxide and excellent gas entrapment. Gases generated from graphite alone were comparable to those generated in the presence of slag and were an order of magnitude lower than the corresponding emissions from metallurgical coke/slag system. Slag interactions with metallurgical coke resulted in lower surface tension due to pickup of silica from coke ash and small droplet volumes; slag interactions with natural graphite gave rise to minor changes in slag properties due to low ash levels and increases in droplet volumes. The rate of gas generation was found to be an important parameter in carbon/slag interactions and needs to be maintained at optimum levels for sustaining gas entrapment within slag over extended periods. This study

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.995342
Retrieved Text: Home / Wood Paddles / Teacher’s Rule Spanking Paddle 24 x 1.25 in. ( 60 x 3.2 cm).
The Teacher’s Rule is 24 inches long by 1 1/4 in in.large ( 60 x 3.2 cm).
The blade is 3/8 to 1/2 in. thick. ( 0.95 to 1.2 cm ).
woods such as : ash, birch, cherrywood ,maple, oak , ( ex black stain catch better on ash or birch than on maple).
It is also available in all exotic woods ,see item Wod-063.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.95625
Retrieved Text: JENA (KALB) -- The Jena Giants are 4-0 on the season, but the quality of opponents they've faced so far won't compare to the test they have coming at them Friday: The ASH Trojans.
"What's concerning is our guys haven't had to put together a full game yet...(ASH) has played some good teams, they're battle tested," said coach Jay Roark.
The two undefeated teams square off at ASH this Friday night at 7:00 p.m. and is the 5th Quarter Game of the Week.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.89981
Retrieved Text: In 2017, he played Niander Wallace in the neo-noir science fiction film Blade Runner 2049, sequel to the 1982 cult classic film.
In 2018, he played Nick Lowell in the action crime drama film The Outsider.
In 2016, he played the DC Comics supervillain Joker in the DC Extended Universe film Suicide Squad.Lambert, realizing the alien is killing the crew one by one, implores the others to escape in the ship’s shuttle.Now in command, Ripley explains that the shuttle will not support four people, and recommends that they continue with Dallas’ plan of flushing the alien out.Accessing Mother, Ripley discovers that Ash has secretly been ordered to return the alien to the crew’s employers, who consider the crew expendable.When Ripley confronts Ash, he tries to choke her to death.Dallas and Lambert carry the unconscious Kane back to the Nostromo.As acting senior officer, Ripley refuses to let them aboard, citing quarantine regulations, but Ash violates protocol by overriding Ripley’s lock and letting them in. Kane awakens and seems healthy, but during the crew’s final meal before re-entering stasis, he chokes and convulses in pain before a small alien creature bursts from his chest, killing him, and escapes into the depths of the ship to molt.Ripley initiates the self-destruct sequence and heads for the shuttle with Jones, but the alien blocks her path.She retreats and unsuccessfully attempts to abort the self-destruct sequence, then returns to retrieve Jones, finding the alien gone.They learn he was assigned to the Nostromo to convince the crew to capture the creature and return it for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.695892
Retrieved Text: ← Fardeen Khan and Esha Deol: Just married!
After playing villain for a decade, Bollywood’s favourite veteran actor Gulshan Grover is gearing up to play of bollywood’s most beautiful actresses, Aishwarya Rai in Provoked. But not physically – only through his voice. “It all started when i saw the film in London. I was highly moved by Aishwarya’s powerhosue in the film. After the movie I told my friend Jag Mundra that I should have played the Punjabi husband, who loves his wife but illtreates her because of jealousy,” says grover. And now when the movie is being Readied for release, Ash and Jag has found a novel way to accomodate GG. THey have asked him to lend his voice for the husband’s character. GG, who has never dubbed for any actor but himself, is dubbing for the husband’s character which was played by Naveen Andrews. “This is my way of saluting the fantastic performance by Ash. While i am dubbing and watching each scene many times I can not help but notice the detailed work done by Ash and my friend Jag Mundra,” he says!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.645876
Retrieved Text: You all know how much I love Ash. Yes, love is a strong word and so on, but I really do love Ash’ music. When they finally released a new album, and came back to Norway I just had to see them. The tickets went on sale in August and I’ve been looking forward to this evening since then.
We Are Scientists (WAS) joined the European tour. Calling it: Ash vs. We Are Scientists – Masters of the Euroverse. I’ve heard of WAS but I have never listened to their music. I have to admit that it bugged me. Why WAS when Ash can play a longer set. But I’m going with an open mind. They’re playing with Ash so they have to be good.
WAS is the first band out. I move to the back of the venue, so the WAS-fans can enjoy the show. WAS are actually quite good live, and I like their sound.
They ask us if we have heard of a Norwegian band called A-ha. Of course we have, it’s Norway’s pride when it comes to music. They continue with saying that the last time they played in Oslo A-ha were playing their last show. The WAS-guys are funny, I like them.
The audience is calm, not crazy, so calm that Keith Murray, the vocalist, jump right in the crowd and sang in the middle of the audience-area. I love it when something unexpected happen, and I didn’t expect that. They also played new song that will be released on their upcoming album. They said

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.604004
Retrieved Text: Ash has left all of his Pokémon behind in Pallet Town—except Pikachu—and boarded a ship bound for Littleroot Town in Hoenn. Unfortunately, Team Rocket is on board as well, and they're cooking up a scheme to catch Pikachu once and for all. They nab Pikachu and hop off the boat just as it pulls into a port. Their plan quickly goes awry, and Meowth and Pikachu end up in a bad neighborhood. While Meowth and Pikachu team up to chase off a gang of territorial Haunter, Ash teams up with Officer Jenny to rescue Pikachu before the boat leaves.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.5998
Retrieved Text: Our heroes are on their way to Olivine City like usual and are traveling through a narrow passage. Ash notices that there are some lose boulders above them, so they start to try and get out of there as fast as possible, but the boulders start to fall! Luckily for them, some people on Arcanine grab them and take them to safety. The people introduce themselves as Ramona and Keagan and our heroes thank them for saving their lives. Brock then does his usual fall in love with a pretty girl routine (Ramona) and gets dragged off by the ear by Misty. Ash uses Dexter to find out some info about Arcanine and finds out that it is a legendary Pokemon that is loyal and brave. Keagan shows Ash a bunch of fire stones that he owns when he mentions them and tells Ash that his sister and him run a delivery service and that they are going to deliver them to another town for a contest that they're having. Coincidently, they are going the same direction as Olivine is in, so our heroes catch a ride on Arcanine. The Arcanine are very fast and Brock is hanging on for dear life.
They eventually break and comb the Arcanine's fur. Ash and Keagan are talking and Ash thinks that it was cool riding Arcanine, so Keagan offers to give him some lessons on how to ride them. Ash is pretty bad and almost crashes into a few things, but he learns that he has to lean to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.490528
Retrieved Text: Ash Handley has been recalled by Leeds Rhinos.
Featherstone Rovers will be without Leeds Rhinos dual-registered players Ash Handley and Mitch Achurch for Saturday’s Championship game at Whitehaven.
Handley and Achurch played in Featherstone’s first two games but have now been recalled by Leeds because of the Super League club’s injury problems.
Rhinos prop Jordan Baldwinson is available to play for Rovers and is in their 19-man squad.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.46873
Retrieved Text: ← AG065 : Gulpin it Down!
Critical Situation! Bakuong VS Juptile!
Exploud and Clear! (Japanese: 一触即発！バクオングVSジュプトル！！ Critical Situation! Bakuong VS Juptile!) is the 66th episode of the Advanced Generation series, and the 340th episode of the Pokémon anime. It was first broadcast in Japan on March 4, 2004 and in the United States on February 19, 2005.
The gang is nearing Petalburg City and Ash is excited about his battle with Norman. During a picnic, Ash notices Treecko isn’t very happy due to its defeat by a Gulpin. Before Ash can make it feel better, a Loudred rampages through the camp followed by its Trainer, Guy. While he is able to calm Loudred down, Guy is worried as since it evolved from Whismur, it’s become increasingly disobedient. Ash and Guy decide to have a Pokémon battle, Ash using his Treecko and Guy using Loudred. The battle takes an unexpected turn when both Pokémon evolve at the same time. Exploud promptly takes off on another rampage. While everyone looks for it, Team Rocket decides to steal it for Giovanni.
Ash and his friends are eating lunch in the woods when they notice that Treecko has wandered off. After failing to convince the Grass-type to come down from a tree, lunch is disrupted by a rampaging Loudred. Its Trainer, Guy finally catches up with his Pokémon and makes it stop.
Ash and Guy decide that both troublesome Pokémon need exercise, so they battle. While battling, both Pokémon evolve at the same time, into Exploud and Grovyle. The battle continues, but Exploud won't listen

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.43362
Retrieved Text: We’ve been piling on the goodies for October’s Box of Dread, first with an exclusive Ash Vs Evil Dead enamel pin and then adding The Crow into the mix. So, consider this a friendly reminder that you only 5 more days to sign up for your October 2016 Box of Dread and be in the running for the Ash Vs Evil Dead Seventh Box.
Remember, only one active Box of Dread acolyte will receive this Box of Dread Seventh Box in October.
This “Ash Vs Evil Dead” Seventh Box package comes with press kit from Starz channel celebrating the return of Ash Williams and gang for the TV show’s second season.
You cannot buy this kit from any retailer!
You have until 11:59pm ET on October 9th, 2016, to sign up. Remember, you need to be an active Box of Dread acolyte to be eligible to win this Box of Dread “Ash Vs Evil Dead” Seventh Box package in October 2016.
Did you catch the premiere of “Ash vs. Evil Dead” season 2 on Starz last Sunday?
So, hurry and sign up to be a Box of Dread acolyte now to get the regular Ash4President Box of Dread in October and also be in the running to win the Box of Dread “Ash Vs Evil Dead” Seventh Box in October along with other surprises we haven’t announced yet.
If you missed out on our previous Box of Dread months, we have a few leftover boxes left for purchase at our Box of Dread Store, while stock lasts. Some international shipping is available for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.320145
Retrieved Text: Early in the series when Charmander evolves to Charmeleon, almost right away it begins to disobey Ash and refuse to listen to him. this continued to Charizard who would lounge around and blast Ash with a fire breath until he was frozen in ice during Ash's travels though the Orange Islands and Ash stayed up all night trying to melt the ice.
the 8th badge of any region allows full control no matter the level however Charizard was still disobedient even after Ash got Kanto's Earth Badge.
So what caused Charmeleon to become so disobedient to Ash?
I think of it as like Charmeleon was like a teenager. It had paid attention to Ash when it was young and naive, because it Ash showed it caring and love. However, when it got older, and learned more, it became cocky and saw Ash for what he was-- a rookie trainer that was still learning many of the basics. I think Charmeleon felt as if he didn't have any respect for Ash. When he started listening to Ash in the Orange Islands, it was after he saw how dedicated and serious Ash could be, even to something that was repeatedly rude and menacing to him. I think that when Charizard saw Ash doing that, he began to have some respect and admiration for the boy.
Charizard may have been a 'plot device' to show pokemon that disobey, but it was important because it showed that not even Ash could 'wow' every pokemon with a couple days of friendship. It also was an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.261047
Retrieved Text: (KALB) - Lightning delays aren't fun. Just ask Tioga, who finished their Friday night contest at midnight thanks to Mother Nature. Despite the weather not being ideal, these next players managed to shine brighter than the skies they played under.
The Many Tigers are good. So says the Wiseman, or so does the Wiseman, Shamarion Wiseman to be exact. He would rumble in from 60 yards out, and Many would easily take down Marksville.
ASH has played two closely contested games through the first two weeks of the season, but having a Juan Stafford makes life easier. Stafford takes the pass all the way in for paydirt, and the Trojans claim victory in week two.
Kevin Hammond of Peabody knows that opportunities for interceptions don't come often. Opportunities for pick sixes? Even more rare. So when he snatches Ben West's pass out of the air, he makes sure to make the Rebels pay, sliding into the end-zone and into Peabody fans' hearts.
Fake punts are the best punts, because they aren't punts. Punts are awful. Buckeye agreed, for at least one fourth down, during their game against the Menard Eagles. Justin Belgard sacrifices mind, body, and soul, laying out to make and secure the catch. The Panthers would hold off the Eagles 7-0.
Very rarely do you get it right the first time. For me, sometimes it takes four, five, ten tries before I get something satisfactory. For Avoyelles High's Ja'corian Frazier, it only took one. One snap, one carry, and one touchdown. 92 yards and six points is a way

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.238672
Retrieved Text: Simple incense bowls to securely hold your favourite joss sticks. 12cm diameter bowls that do catch the ash.
Blend of stoneware clays with a white speckle. Available in plain grey, glossy peach glaze or decorated with iron rich slips.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.231775
Retrieved Text: Scattered trees are what awaits you in this 0.42-acre property in Horseshoe Bend, AR near Shady Lane. Though you’ll find no near houses in the area, the property still has access to Ash Flat, Mountain Home, Salem, and Mountain View. These towns near the are equipped with fun and services.
The Salem Municipal Airport in Salem is just a 23-minute drive; Walmart Supercenter in Ash Flat, just an 18-minute drive; Fulton County Hospital in Salem, just a 24-minute drive; Post Office in Ash Flat, just a 13-minute drive; and a lot more!
The property is also near Diamond Lake. Go catch some fish and find every different kind of Trouts in the area, or just enjoy the panoramic view while you bike or stroll.
Izard County served as a gateway to settlement across northern Arkansas and was the parent county of seven other counties. Be part of Izard County and live a wonderful life!
Title: Live a Wonderful Life in this 0.42 acres Property in Izard County, AR!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.211414
Retrieved Text: you.mongle.me 9 out of 10 based on 201 ratings. 3,506 user reviews.
All Strat Tweed soundfiles with dirty tone were played by Greg Timmons using a Strat with an ash body and maple neck fretboard played through a 1958 Fender Tweed Deluxe amp with a 1963 Fender stand alone reverb.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.118818
Retrieved Text: Will Team Rocket Ever Catch Pikachu ?
Will TR ever catch Pikachu ?
Shut up Freak, you Retard !
will team rocket ever catch pikachu.
i don't watch the anime, the novelty wore off after Johto.
But i know for a Fact, that they will never catch Pikachu, because Ash is a main character and he is Pro. Fact.
EDIT : Who voted ''Shut up Freak, you retard'' ?
2nd EDIT : TWO PEOPLE VOTED SHUT UP FREAK YOU RETARD !!!
3rd EDIT : STOP VOTING THAT I'M A RETARD, I AM NOT A REATRD !!!
Re: Will Team Rocket Ever Catch Pikachu ?
i know this bisnt of any goal but how do you put up a poll like that?
xxconkersxx wrote: i know this bisnt of any goal but how do you put up a poll like that?
When you make a topic just scroll down to the poll section, choose how many days you want the poll to last, and i think you can choose a maximum of 10 options.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.10025
Retrieved Text: S.M.E is an English Comedy Sitcom that revolves around the ups & downs of 3 young entrepreneurs; Zambri (played by Baki Zainal), Jose (played by Alvin Wong) and Mohan (played by Ash Nair). Zambri works with her auntie, Cik Aminah (played by Adibah Noor) in a Tailoring Shop while Mohan is helping his dad, Kumar (played by Indi Nadarajah) with his Stationary Shop. While newly jobless Jose is trying to open his own pastry cafe and his forever supportive girlfriend, Michelle (played by Chelsia Ng) who works as an insurance agent. Ruzana Ibrahim plays the role of Lydia, the supportive wife of Zambri.
BROMANCE OF THE 4 KINGDOMS - REPEAT!

================



======= Instance Index 7919 =========
Input Text: Context: Lee opened the lid.

Question: How would you describe Lee?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: lazy

B: unable to do things for themselves

C: capable

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.861418
Retrieved Text: While carrying the electronic key, press the button on the trunk lid.
When all the doors are unlocked with the power door lock system, the trunk can be opened without carrying the electronic key.
Press and hold the switch.
Turn the key clockwise to release the trunk lid.
A buzzer sounds to indicate that the trunk has been opened.
The trunk light turns on when the trunk is opened.
●When all doors are being locked, closing the trunk lid with the electronic key left inside the trunk will sound an alarm.
In this case, the trunk lid can be opened by pressing the trunk release button on the trunk lid.
●Even when the spare electronic key is put in the trunk with all the doors locked, the key confinement prevention function can be activated so the trunk can be opened. In order to prevent theft, take all electronic keys with you when leaving the vehicle.
●Even when the electronic key is put in the trunk with all the doors are locked, the key may not be detected depending on the places and the surrounding radio wave conditions. In this case, the key confinement prevention function cannot be activated, causing the doors to lock when the trunk is closed.
Make sure to check where the key is before closing the trunk.
●The key confinement prevention function cannot be activated if any one of the doors is unlocked. In this case, open the trunk using the trunk opener.
The trunk lid can be opened by pushing the glow-in-the-dark lever located on the inside of the trunk lid to the side.
The

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.643576
Retrieved Text: When I open the storage lid the ashtray lid always pops up, I thought I remember the ashtray lid staying closed until you opened that lid as well ?
Mine always opens that way on my 04, it seems that it didn't on the 98.
My 02' opens with the lid too.
Mine has never opened unless I opened it myself. Unless you are talking about something else, but if it is the lid on the ash tray and lighter area that is what I am referring to.
My '03 is spring loaded too!
Just checked mine today since this came up; it is spring loaded both open and closed. And it will stay in the open or closed position depending on which I want. I drove the car with it opened and it stayed open until I closed it; then I drove the car with it closed and it stayed closed again until I opened it. If yours is staying open or coming open on its own you must have something wrong with the spring loaded feature which controls the door both opened & closed.
They are talking about the ash tray lid only, not the larger compartment lid. The smaller ash tray lid is spring loaded in the open position.
I just went out in my garage and double checked all of this, and the above description of both would be correct if in fact you are talking about a C-5!
Yep, C5. There should be a spring loaded lid on your ashtray which is directly next to your lighter element, together

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.719193
Retrieved Text: The Top Pail range provides industrial strength security for contents as diverse as bulk catering products, chemicals and adhesives.
The lid is opened by removing a special tear strip, giving tamper resistance and evidence of unauthorised opening. Once opened, the lid can be securely resealed by hand.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.293734
Retrieved Text: Heat the oil in a large pan; add the curry leaves, onion, ginger and green chilies and cook, stirring until the onion is soft. Add the turmeric, followed by the fish stock, coconut milk and salt, and bring to a simmer. Let simmer for a couple of minutes, check that the seasoning is right then add the mussels, cover with a lid and simmer for 3-4 minutes. Remove the lid and check if all the mussels have opened, for those that haven’t opened, cover the pan with a lid and simmer another 1 minute. Remove from the heat, discard the unopened mussels. Serve with plenty of bread.
You can serve either fresh naan bread or some pre-made rice pancakes ( Uttapams) with these….

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.984379
Retrieved Text: that crusty stuff on a milk gallon lid.
I opened the milk there were tons of kiglers on the lid. Gross.
Get a kiglers mug for your fish Sarah.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.982325
Retrieved Text: Where to Buy Advance TBS Replacement Cap, Advance Termite Bait Station Replacement Cap Lid - $3.95 for Sale with Fast Free Shipping!
Advance Termite Bait Station Replacement Cap Lid is a replacement part for cracked or broken cap of advance station. This cap covers the top of the termite bait station.
Also fits Trelona ATBS bait station.
This caps can be opened flat screw driver, but more easily opened when you use the Spider Station Access Tool (sold separately).
It sure is a good replacement cap for termite advance stations.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.803114
Retrieved Text: Sterilite® Rectangular Latch Boxes | U.S. Plastic Corp.
The Latching Box features a modern space saving shape and an innovative hinging lid. Simply undo one latch and lift the lid for easy access, all with one hand. The other latch stays attached and acts as a hinge, even when the lid is opened all of the way. Small latching boxes is ideal for storing shoes, toys and crafts, while larger boxes are good for clothing and other large items.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.727299
Retrieved Text: The Microprocessor PID is a controller with auto-tuning capabilities and digital display. it features two circulation fans that provide and maintain good temperature uniformity. Overheating is prevented thanks to an over-temperature protection circuit. The design of the controller features a see-through acrylic lid and lamp. This enables the user to observe specimen in the chamber without affecting the specimen inside. Whenever the lid is opened, the system automatically stops shaking, and then starts up again whenever the lid is closed.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.661764
Retrieved Text: Featuring silent motion control technology with a redesigned lid. A light pedal operation enables the lid to close silently. When opened by hand the lid will remain open for easy waste disposal. The bin has a removable plastic inner bucket for easy cleaning and changing of the bin liners & a large opening meaning no spills.
The foldaway grip allows the bin to be moved easily & the protective base helps prevent damage to the floor. The bin also comes with a 10 year guarantee.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.620031
Retrieved Text: The Bemis EZ Peel Reseal package, available through Curwood, enables users to reclose the peelable package lid. The rigid tray and lid package exposes a pressure-sensitive layer when the package is opened. The package consists of printable, high-barrier EZ Peel Reseal lidstock hermetically sealed to opaque PET formed rollstock.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.61767
Retrieved Text: Very odd quirk I've noticed... every time I open my laptop's lid, it registers a right-click. In other words, every time I lift the lid open, I see the result of a right-click wherever the cursor was located before I had closed the lid (a menu has opened, my terminal has a bunch of text highlighted, etc.). Has anyone heard of this before? I'm using xfce 4.12 on an HP Stream 11 laptop. Also, I'm only using the touchpad, no external mouse.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.60578
Retrieved Text: Here in good old Blighty they can often be found in our fish n chip shops but they’ve got nothing on these babies. Honest, once bitten twice smitten!
They look gorgeous as a gift and are scrumptious for supper and also as Hors derves at a dinner party or family gathering.
Put the cloves and cinnamon stick in a saucepan with the vinegar and bring the mixture to the boil. Add the mustard, salt, and pepper. Simmer for 5 minutes.
Place the eggs in a jar with a wide mouth and a tight-fitting lid. Pour the hot vinegar mixture over to cover. Screw the lid on tightly and refrigerate for up to six months.
This is another recipe from my gorgeous book: beginners guide to chickens by Lee Faber.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.582094
Retrieved Text: These routine cassettes feature a 35° angled area for optimal printing. The one-piece design allows the lids to be opened and closed repeatedly without the lid detaching from the base. The lid securely locks into the base and keeps samples safe and secure.
Wide slots ensure excellent fluid exchange and proper drainage.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.572966
Retrieved Text: Strong Detachable Hinge. Made from strong reinforced Nylon.
Our Esky Hinge was designed to take lots of abuse!
Made from reinforced plastic it can take the full force of an Esky lid being over opened or pushed back without breaking.
Built in stops ensures the lid supports itself in the open position.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.529345
Retrieved Text: &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/div&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; ALS is the exclusive manufacturer of patented, fully-automated box openers. The system have been created for the following fields of application: Incoming Goods – Returns – Picking – Shipping Optimization.
Using its state-of-the-art blades and perforation technology, the BOS can open up to 600 cartons an hour.
This video shows BOS cutting open different-sized boxes in random order using the „hinge cut.“ With this cut, one side remains attached, allowing the carton to flipped open without losing the lid, which often includes the shipping documents for the goods.
This video shows how liners and bags inside the boxes remain unharmed due to the precision of the cutting system. BOS automatic box openers are a product of the ALS Automatic Logistic Solutions GmbH in Germany.
Even when opening „round“ packages, the protective bag around the clothing inside remains unharmed. A demonstration of the BOS automatic box opener by ALS Automatic Logistic Solutions.
Boxes can also be perforated instead of cut, allowing them to be opened by hand without any tools later. This ensures the goods within remain protected until removal. The goods therein nor the box lid will never be sliced.
This video shows Zalando boxes being opened by the BOS automatic box opener without damaging the goods.
The BOS Box Opening System opening boxes from the returns department. Some of the boxes have been sealed with wet adhesive tap. BOS can process up to 600 boxes per hour with 8 adjustable cutting depths.
The BOS Box Opening System: round packaged textiles being opened by the PAM perforation blades. The goods remain undamaged, even

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.466682
Retrieved Text: Beautiful Victorian footstool newly upholstered and covered with a Sanderson fabric ' Athene'. The hinged cushioned lid lifts to allow access to a very useful storage compartment with attractive concave sides. The opened lid is restrained by a gold coloured metal linked chain. Overall dimensions: Width - 33cm; Depth - 32cm: Height - 20cm. Price includes postage to UK mainland addresses.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.463291
Retrieved Text: This Pink Sistema Squeeze Drinking Bottle has a unique lid that allows the bottle to be opened and closed without fingers touching the sipper tip - a more hygienic way to drink. Perfect bottle for school, sports, picnics and days out. Dishwasher safe (top rack), microwave safe (without lid) and freezer safe. Designed and Made in New Zealand.Phthalate & BPA Free.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.421293
Retrieved Text: This 12 Pack Case of 0.6 Gallon Life-Latch Buckets comes with Screw Top Style Lids that feature outside threaded buckets with a air tight screw top lid that has the innovative locking trigger mechanism to automatically secure the cover that is tamper-evident, senior friendly and child resistant, yet easy to open and reseal.
Re-Usable plastic pail with Added-on plastic handle, and re-usable plastic cover.
UN-Rated & Children-resistant and friendly for seniors. approved to UN and DOT-35 Plastic Screw-Top Pails.
Plastic Screw-Top Pails/Buckets are white and Lids are usually available in White, Red, and Blue. The lid features a vacuum-tight, moisture-resistant seal. Along with this great new feature, you and your customers will find this pail offers great stackability and pours liquid without dripping. This Plastic Lid has a unique trigger mechanism that automatically locks the lid when closing, and has a simple finger-activated release to allow the lid to be opened.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.404215
Retrieved Text: Grandmaster Kwang Jae Lee is a 9th Degree Black Belt from Korea. He is one of the highest ranking masters of the World Tae Kwon Do Federation. He has had more than 40 years teaching experience in the martial arts and has taught in many schools throughout the world. In 1981, Master Lee founded the New Jersey State Tae Kwon Do Association and was elected its first president by his peers. In 1986, Master Lee was elected president of the New Jersey Martial Arts Federation. Master Lee is highly recognized and respected among all.
Grandmaster Lee opened his first two Tae Kwon Do schools beginning in 1965. First, in the Sang Do Dong district and then in the Noryang Jin district of Seoul, Korea he began teaching his own students when he was a 5th Degree Black Belt.
In 1971, Master Lee opened the first Tae Kwon Do school in the Bronx, NY's history - later to be run by Master Sang Soo "Tiger" Kim.
Soon afterwards in 1972, he opened a school in Bergenfield, NJ during at which time he also instructed students in Staten Island, NY and at the Ridgewood, NJ YMCA.
Master Lee opened a Tae Kwon Do school in Manhattan 23rd Street the following year where he continued to promote the Asian art and educate eager American students. He has performed martial arts demonstrations internationally including the world-renowned Madison Square Garden in New York.
Grandmaster Lee's teachings have flourished throughout New York and New Jersey including Nanuet, Monsey, Bloomfield and now, in Mount Olive where the positive

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.400482
Retrieved Text: We’ll let you in on a secret ingredient.
You've already tried many versions of adobo—but this one's different. Give the classic Pinoy dish a twist by adding one secret ingredient: Lee Kum Kee Panda Brand Oyster Sauce. This all-purpose seasoning sauce with a robust flavor and a rich color is made from fresh oyster extracts and has no added preservatives. Strictly selected and extracted on the day of harvest, only fresh oysters of the highest quality are handpicked by professional oyster quality assessors.
You'd think that Lee Kum Kee Panda Brand Oyster Sauce was the result of many years of study, but it was actually discovered by accident. True story: The world's first oyster sauce was invented by Lee Kum Kee. Its founder, Lee Kum Sheung, was cooking some oyster soup. He lost track of time, until he noticed a strong aroma coming from the pot. When he lifted the lid, the normally clear oyster soup had already turned into a thick, brownish sauce. This flavorful seasoning soon became a hit among the locals. In 1888, Lee founded the Lee Kum Kee Oyster Plant to manufacture and sell oyster sauce—and the rest is history.
In a bowl, mix together Lee Kum Kee Soy Sauce, vinegar, black pepper, garlic, and bay leaf. Marinate chicken and pork for 30 minutes.
Drain chicken and pork. Set aside marinade.
In a pan, heat oil and sauté the chicken and meat until golden brown. Pour in marinade, sugar, and Lee Kum Kee Panda Brand Oyster Sauce. Simmer until sauce thickens.
Tip: You may use potatoes, boiled chicken,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.374
Retrieved Text: Brits are among the world’s biggest tea drinkers, so it’s a no-brainer to have a cupboard stocked full of tea bags at all times. However, it is not unheard of to open the tea bag container and find it empty. This is an unhappy situation to find one’s self in and is best avoided at all costs.
In this episode, we will build the Intelle-T—an intelligent tea bag container that estimates the number of tea bags left and will inform us as we start to run out!
You can check out the full schematic in Scheme-It here.
You can check out the full schematic for this project on Scheme-It!
The Intelle-T is a tea bag box sitting on an electronic scale that estimates the number of tea bags by weight. The user first turns on the Photon and then places a single tea bag into the pot. From there, the user can fill the container and the system can make an estimate on how many bags remain.
When the user opens the lid a small contact/reed switch is broken, informing the Arduino Uno the container has been opened. This opening action triggers the Raspberry Pi to play a witty message about how great Britain truly is, a fun fact about tea, or how coffee is an inferior beverage.
If the number of teabags begins to fall below a predetermined threshold, the Raspberry Pi will inform the user that the number of teabags is becoming dangerously low.
The load sensor has two sets of two screw mountings which are used to hold the sensor

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.340214
Retrieved Text: I was running a long sftp copy on a Windows 8.1 laptop with the lid closed and the power connected. The remote side went to sleep, and I saw this error message when I opened the lid.
The program should have instead gone through the normal retry process.
Given the nature of memory access issues, this might indicate a serious security flaw.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.316263
Retrieved Text: These disposable containers made of polypropylene, are ideal for collection and storage of fluids, powders, solids, pathology specimens and hazardous samples. Lids are tight fitting.
C581 Serie incorporate a tamperproof lid which is opened by first removing tab on side of lid, then by lifting the cover. They resist temperatures up to 121 �C. The two larger sizes are supplied with a plastic handle for easy carrying.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.311049
Retrieved Text: Benutech Blows The Lid Off Real Estate Agent Farms!
Cryptocurrency: Finally, the basics explained!
Title industry stalwart Lee Swaffield chats up the very latest on positive pay, escrow account protection, and tells us how Rynoh Live gets you best practices compliant. Click here to listen now to the latest edition of U Heard Me!
CYBER CRIME! What your policies cover and what they don’t.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.28999
Retrieved Text: Children-resistant and friendly for seniors. approved to UN and DOT-35 Plastic Screw-Top Pails. Re-usable plastic pail with Added-on plastic handle, and re-usable plastic cover.
This Plastic Lid has a unique trigger mechanism that automatically locks the lid when closing, and has a simple finger-activated release to allow the lid to be opened. Plastic Screw-Top Pails are white and Lids are available in Only White.
.Need to hold a lot of chemicals, dry goods or other materials but want to put a hold on unwanted openings?
Children-resistant and friendly for seniors. approved to UN and DOT-35 Plastic Screw-Top Pails.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.20253
Retrieved Text: Susur Lee (born 1958) is a celebrated chef based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was born in Hong Kong, the youngest of six children. He served his culinary apprenticeship at Hong Kong's renowned Peninsula Hotel. He immigrated to Canada in 1978, where he worked his way to executive chef status at a number of restaurants. Lee currently owns two restaurants in Toronto, "Lee" located at 601 King St. West and "Bent" located at 777 Dundas St. West where he teamed up with two of his sons Levi and Kai Bent-Lee. In 2008 he opened "Shang", located in the Thompson Hotel in the Lower East Side of New York City (now closed). In 2009 he opened "Zentan", located at the Donovan House in the Logan Circle area of Washington DC, but he parted ways with the restaurant in 2013. His eclectic style is described as fusion cuisine.
The internationally acclaimed restaurant "Susur", opened its doors in 2000, and was designed with aid from his wife, Brenda Bent (Lee's first wife Marilou Covey died in the Korean Air Flight 007 disaster in 1983). Recognized by Gourmet, Restaurant (UK) and Food & Wine, among others, "Susur" has been on various international Top 50 lists, including Restaurant's World's 50 Best Restaurants Awards. Instead of offering a traditional menu, a tasting menu is built each day from whatever inspires Lee at the marketplace that morning.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.17073
Retrieved Text: Ultra clear round canister containers with airtight seal screw-top lids. These lids can be opened and closed with just a quick quarter turn. Made from high quality, ultra clear TRITAN plastic that is Phthalate free, BPA free and impact resistant. The non slip band on the lid provides an easy grip.
Round stackable Ultra clear container made from Tritan plastic which measures 10 cm diameter by 6.3 cm high .
Scratch, break and crack resistant, impact resistant, Phthalate free and BPA free .
Airtight seal and screw-top lid, can open lid with quick 1/4 turn .
Ideal for counter tops, cupboards and pantry .
Designed and made in New Zealand, dishwasher safe and odour free .

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.143547
Retrieved Text: With a large 2000ml capacity this jar is ideal for storing larger items anywhere in your home.
The round lid is held in place with an easy to use metal clip, with a hinge at the back which keeps the lid in place when opened.
A seal keeps the jar air-tight, helping to keep your items secure and dry.
The clear glass means it's easy to identify what's inside at a glance.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.096771
Retrieved Text: For Vittorio, it is food that brings people together and his passion and culinary beliefs are the inspiration behind the new Bella Italia At Home Range, which can now be enjoyed by everyone at home.
Keep frozen at -18°C or below., Once opened, use within 2 days and by the date indicated. Do not refreeze once thawed., For best before end see front of pack.
Microwave (From Frozen): 900W. Remove outer packaging. Pierce film lid several times. Heat for 9 minutes. Peel back film lid, stir and replace film. Cook for a further 4 minutes. Stand for 2 minutes, stir and ensure product is piping hot throughout before serving.
Oven cook (From Frozen): Fan 180°C/Gas Mark 6. Remove outer packaging. Pierce film lid several times. Place product on a baking tray in the centre of a preheated oven for 35 minutes. Peel back film lid, sitr and replace film. Cook for a further 10 minutes.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.08294
Retrieved Text: The finish on the set is 100% original, it has not been touched.
The 2 knobs on either side of the speaker grill are for volume and tuning.
The small push/pull switch is for changing from AM broadcast to the old Police band that in 1932 was just above the standard broadcast band.
The power switch is tied to the lid support bracket and turns the radio on and off as the lid is opened and closed.

================



======= Instance Index 5376 =========
Input Text: Context: Jesse softened the blow.

Question: What does Jesse need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Because Jesse didn't want to hit too hard

B: Because Jesse didn't want to hurt others

C: meet someone

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.87752
Retrieved Text: White poncho tunic with fringe lace. Round cut at the bottom. V-neck at the front and the back.
The white poncho tunic JESSE with a smart and bohemian inspiration can be lightly worn above your bikini set/swimsuit. The V-neckline at the front and the perforated lace material give elegance to your silhouette. Subtly transparent, this tunic leaves your skin to the imagination with refinement.
Light and feminine, we love the white poncho tunic JESSE. The bohemian look hemmed with fringes at the bottom gives character to this smart and trendy model. The flowing cut will let the wind blow in. The pure white colour will bring out the light.
Are you seduced by the white poncho tunic JESSE? Don’t hesitate to combine it with the triangle drawstring bikini set CHRISTIE/TRICA with a discreet jewel that will enhance even more your smart outfit. It is also possible to combine it with the Nirvana print swimsuit ILENA which will be enhanced by the white colour.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.740057
Retrieved Text: Blow molding, also known as hollow blow molding, is a rapidly evolving plastic processing method. The tubular plastic parison obtained by extrusion or injection molding of the thermoplastic resin is heated or heated to a softened state, placed in a split mold, and compressed air is introduced into the parison immediately after closing the mold to inflate the plastic parison. It is closely attached to the inner wall of the mold and is demolded by cooling to obtain various hollow products. The manufacturing process of the blown film is very similar in principle to the blow molding of hollow products, but it does not use a mold. From the perspective of classification of plastic processing technology, the molding process of the blown film is usually included in the extrusion.
5. The opening and closing mold is controlled by high-strength guide rods to increase the clamping force and provide high stability and high efficiency of machine operation.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.522274
Retrieved Text: Something a bit different this episiode. Last month, we joined Jesse Noar, host of the excellent Bacteriophiles podcast to record an episode about oncolytic viruses (viruses that blow up cancer cells). We hope you enjoy it, then head on over to microbe world and subscribe to Jesse's podcast.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.386297
Retrieved Text: Everything went Georgia's way against South Carolina last Saturday as they made off with a 41-17 victory. Mecole Hardman, who caught passes for 103 yards and 1 touchdown, was a major factor in Georgia's success.Meanwhile, their game two weeks ago wasn't at all kind to Middle Tenn., but their most recent game may have softened the blow. They took their matchup against UT Martin by a conclusive 61-37 score.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.012625
Retrieved Text: Oedipus's brother-in-law (and uncle), Creon comes to Colonus to persuade Oedipus to return to Thebes. When Oedipus refuses, Creon has his men kidnap the old man's daughters. Creon tries to take Oedipus by force, but Theseus prevents him. While Oedipus tends to give long and dramatic speeches, Creon is direct and to-the-point.
). Note: all page numbers and citation info for the quotes below refer to the Vintage edition of Oedipus at Colonus published in 1984.
return to Thebes, the house of your fathers!
Unlock explanations and citation info for this and every other Oedipus at Colonus quote.
your words like honey—your actions, drawn swords.
blind rage has always been your ruin.
seize your prizes, commandeer at will!
peopled by slaves? Myself worth nothing?
leaves me weak, however just my cause.
I'll stop at nothing, match you blow for blow.
not until he dies. The dead alone feel no pain.
with any sense of justice?
Come to the rescue, fight for me, my champions!
what breed of men stands guard around this city.
Get the entire Oedipus at Colonus LitChart as a printable PDF.
The timeline below shows where the character Creon appears in Oedipus at Colonus. The colored dots and icons indicate which themes are associated with that appearance.
Lichtenstein, Jesse. "Oedipus at Colonus Characters: Creon." LitCharts. LitCharts LLC, 22 Jul 2013. Web. 7 Dec 2018.
Lichtenstein, Jesse. "Oedipus at Colonus Characters: Creon." LitCharts LLC, July 22, 2013. Retrieved December 7, 2018. https://www.litcharts.com/lit/oedipus-at-colonus/characters/creon.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.916477
Retrieved Text: Classic American Buttercream frosting. This recipe uses powdered sugar, butter, vanilla and milk. This is a great recipe for decorating and piping on cupcakes and cake.
1 cup unsalted butter (2 sticks or ½ pound), softened (but not melted!) Ideal texture should be like ice cream.
Add 3 cups of powdered sugar and turn your mixer on the lowest speed (so the sugar doesn’t blow everywhere) until the sugar has been incorporated with the butter.
Increase mixer speed to medium and add vanilla extract, salt, and 2 tablespoons of milk/cream and beat for 3 minutes.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.278809
Retrieved Text: A bad week in the cup for Arsenal has been softened by a welcome three points this evening that more than cements Arsene Wenger men’s push for the title. You do feel that the Gunners would do themselves no harm at all by strengthening in one or two areas, although whether Arsene shares that view is a different story.
At FFC we have seen a mixed bag of articles which includes four transfer options for Wenger to ponder, an aging Italian to Arsenal’s rescue, while Ljungberg was right to turn his back on the Premier League.
The worst football haircut of all-time?
Arsene Wenger better than Fergie…really?
Will Juve swoop really soften the blow for Arsenal?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.1772
Retrieved Text: The Scout Walker is very cool looking even though they are a bit naff on the battlefield. I too have childhood memories of playing with the ewok glider and the Scout walker but not remotely as dramatic as your memory. I’m glad getting run over is a memory gateway to happy memories and not a trauma. I think little me might have been tempted to get run over again if it meant SW toys were the reward.
Yeah, it softened the blow a bit. Honestly I remember feeling bad for my friends who had to watch me get run over right in front of them, must have been a bit of a shock.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.13867
Retrieved Text: Jesse Louis Lasky, Sr. (September 13, 1880 – January 13, 1958) was a pioneer Hollywood film producer, a key founder of Paramount Pictures with Adolph Zukor, and father of screenwriter Jesse L. Lasky Jr.
Born in San Francisco, California , he worked at a variety of jobs but began his entertainment career as a vaudeville performer that led to the motion picture business. His sister Blanche married Samuel Goldwyn and in 1913 Lasky and Goldwyn teamed with Cecil B. DeMille and Oscar Apfel to form the Jesse L. Lasky Feature Play Company. With limited funds, they rented a barn near Los Angeles where they made Hollywood's first feature film, DeMille's The Squaw Man. Known today as the Lasky-DeMille Barn , it is home to the Hollywood Heritage Museum .
In 1916 their company merged with Adolph Zukor's Famous Players Film Company to create the Famous Players-Lasky Corporation. They built a large studio facility in Astoria, New York , now known as the Kaufman Astoria Studios . In 1927, Lasky was one of the thirty-six people who founded the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Financial problems arose within the industry as a result of the Great Depression and the Famous Players-Lasky Company went into receivership in 1933. Jesse Lasky then partnered with Mary Pickford to produce films but within a few years she dissolved their business relationship. Lasky then found work as a producer at one of the big studios until 1945 when he formed his own production company. He made his last film in 1951 and in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.10631
Retrieved Text: Many consider Breaking Bad to be one of the best shows on television, myself included. With great character moments, and plot points, this show has never failed to grab my attention. I was super excited for this season, and now that we are almost halfway through there is one word that can sum it up: mediocre. While this week’s episode had a great many character moments, the plot once again took a hit, as Vince and his gang tread the same ground that we have become all too familiar with in the last few episodes. Never the less, the great character moments, especially Walt’s and Skyler’s, outshined this issue and pulled this episode from out of the corner and into the light.
This week’s episode solely focused on Walt and Jesse, and their crumbling relationship. As Jesse continues to perform odd jobs around town with Mike, Walt is confronted by Skyler who has now come to piece certain events together: mainly Walt’s connection to Gale and the fear that whoever killed him will come after Walt. As Walt says he doubt it there is some disbelief in his eyes, as that simple doubt reflects his crumbling relationship with Jesse. Despite not tying that one piece together, Anna Gunn continues to shine as Skyler in this season, as everything she says is so sharp and straight to the point. “You’re in over your head”, she blatantly tells Walt as he stares at her in disbelief. The thing is she is absolutely right. Walt can no longer hold everything

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.096111
Retrieved Text: GOOD NEWS! I've just been nominated as a "Top 5 Speaker" in the field of innovation & creativity by a prestigious speaker's bureau. Now the fun begins... and the voting.
If you have 30 seconds and feel that I have made a meaningful contribution to this field, click the link below, scroll down to #7, and check the box next to "Mitchell Ditkoff." Thanks!
This is a mind blower -- the winner of Ukraine's "You Got Talent" award expressing the history of her country via sand animation. (Thanks to my son, Jesse, for the heads up).
Here are the top 100 netcentric learning tools as compiled by Jane Hart, social learning consultant and all around bright light.
Jane surveyed 278 top learning professionals to generate this list, so a good deal of thought and consensus has gone into it. Some of these tools you already know about. Some you don't.
And while you're at it, check out Idea Champions' Free the Genie (which...um...er...uh... didn't quite make the list this year).
Here Come the 15-Year Olds!
Tom Peters once said that unless 20% of a company's workforce was under the age of 20, they didn't have a chance.
I totally agree -- especially now that my kids, Jesse and Mimi, are 15 & 12.
Their creativity and resourcefulness blow my mind. See the image above? Photoshopped by Jesse, my son. If you have a photo or illustration that needs to be tweaked, repaired, refined, improved, or manipulated in any way, he's your guy. Forget about outsourcing to a 30-year old from Mumbai. How about a 15-year

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.024078
Retrieved Text: After searching high and low for 20 plus years, I finally found a hair product I can rave about. I can’t say enough positive things about Maui Nourish & Moisture. It is a dry oil that not only softened my hair, but completely obliterated the frizz! Even on high humidity days this product worked wonders. I have coarse, frizzy, dry hair and have tried hundreds of products throughout the years. This product is a standout hair care product. It comes in a convenient 4.2 oz spray bottle, making it easy to put in your bag and bring almost anywhere. This product is good for using when your hair is either wet or dry. I put in on before blow drying my hair and then again after I blow dry it. While I also use it sporadically throughout the day, this is not necessary, I am so used to the frizz, I use it as an extra precaution. It’s good to leave on your hair, without blow drying you hair, as well. Another thing I love about the product is the oil doesn’t transfer to your neck or anywhere your hair touches. Since using Maui Moisture Oil Mist my hair now looks healthy, shiny and moves freely – no longer having that stiff look. Not only do I have the look I have been searching for, it isn’t breaking the bank either.
Can’t take in your carry on. It’s 4.2 oz – not the customary 3 oz. needed to bring on a plane.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.898584
Retrieved Text: Which process or service do you require?
Can you specify the type?
Desired State/Province of Job Shop?
Desired City of Job Shop?
Select Value 1" to 6" 12" to 24" 24" to 48" 48" or larger 6" to 12" Up to 1"
ThomasNet Custom Quotes provides its Request for Quote service solely to enable our users with legitimate requests for product and service information to contact the companies in the ThomasNet Custom Quotes database (“Suppliers”). The use of this service is subject to our Terms & Conditions.
You alone are responsible for the contents of your Request for Quote sent through this website. You agree that you will not use our Request for Quote service for chain letters, junk mail, "spamming" or advertisements of any kind or to send any message or material that is unlawful, offensive, or violates the rights of others. If we become aware of or determine, in our sole discretion, that you are violating any of the above or our Terms & Conditions, we may block your IP address from future use on this website with or without notice to you.
As outlined in our Privacy Statement, ThomasNet Custom Quotes is committed to protecting your privacy. By submitting a Request for Quote, you authorize us to share your contact information [and all project details and attachments] with up to 5 Suppliers who match the requested criteria set forth in your Request for Quote.
Technology: Blow Molding Services are manufacturing services that form plastics and glass into hollow products such as containers and bottles. Three main techniques used in blow molding

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.637377
Retrieved Text: Macbeth doubtless resented the inauguration of young King Duncan (Donnchad mac Crinain) in 1034 to succeed his grandfather Malcolm. Macbeth had a claim to the throne in his own right and this was strengthened by his marriage to Gruoch, herself of royal lineage.
Whatever the reason, however, Macbeth accepted Duncan as King. Perhaps his newness as Mormaer and the need to get to grips with ruling Moray softened the blow, though ambition remained.
Duncan was not a successful King and his prestige must have been dealt a severe blow when he suffered defeat during an attempted siege of Durham in 1039. This may have been the trigger for Macbeth, either acting alone or with the knowledge of other nobles, to rebel against the King who lacked the prowess and success expected of a Celtic warlord.
In 1040 King Duncan led a force into Moray, perhaps to bring a rebellious Macbeth to heel. In August 1040 Macbeth defeated and killed Duncan at Pitgaveny near Elgin then moved quickly to Scone where he was inaugurated King in the traditional way at the Moot Hill.
Duncan’s sons Malcolm and Donald Ban were driven into exile. A King’s death at the hands of his own people in this way was not unusual in Celtic society. This was no murder, whatever Shakespeare would have us believe.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.62778
Retrieved Text: New dam changes life in Laos Jump to media player Laos's new hydropower dam cost more than $1.2bn to build and relocated thousands of people but could provide new prosperity.
China dam faces flood test Jump to media player The Three Gorges dam on China's longest river, the Yangtze, is standing up to its biggest flood control test since completion last year, officials have said.
One of the biggest hydropower dams in southeast Asia, the Nam Theun 2 project in Laos, has officially opened.
The dam, which cost more than $1.2bn, will provide electricity to neighbouring Thailand and much-needed income to one of the poorest countries in the region.
Thousands of people had to move to make way for the project, but as Guy De Launey reports, new opportunities seem to have softened the blow.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.61323
Retrieved Text: The Government has heeded the evidence and unprecedented support for solar power and softened the feared Feed-in Tariff (FIT) ‘blow’.
It’s been an interesting Tory Conference from a climate perspective in terms of what has – and hasn’t – been talked about.
Major names in world science and other fields have signed up to endorse the Global Apollo Programme (GAP), which aims to make clean energy competitive with fossil fuels within 10 years.
Our cousins across ‘The Pond’ are really starting to wise up to the many and bountiful benefits of solar PV.
Twenty years ago, Professor Sue Roaf had an ambition to power her home from the energy generated by the sun.
One Direction have released a video asking their fans to make their voice heard over climate change ahead of the climate change summit in Paris this year.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.544523
Retrieved Text: Nate Henn was full of humor, generosity and spirit. He was so alive. But then, in 2010, a series of terror-related bombings devastated Kampala, Uganda, leaving 74 people dead, including Henn. The news was a devastating blow for his best friend Tyler Dunning, who plunged into darkness, grief, anger and self-medication. His only solace? Exploring Rocky Mountain National Park, where the cliff faces, pine forests and wildlife softened his raw emotions. It was a failed attempt to climb Longs Peak that really changed him: The humbling experience sent him on a quest to visit all 59 U.S. national parks. From Glacier to Bryce, Saguaro to Kenai, the Everglades to Yellowstone, he roamed. And through the adventures that unfolded, he pieced his life back together. He started to let others in. And, finally, he was able to say goodbye.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.469017
Retrieved Text: Source: Info in the About Razor's Traitorous Heart was from the press kit from the publicity team.
Kali’s eyes softened at the slight fear that creeped into her brother’s eyes as he remembered what had almost happened before. She stood up and walked over to him, wrapping her arms around his waist and resting her head on his chest. Her eyes closed as she listened to the steady beat of his heart. They only had each other and it terrified both of them when they thought how close they had come to losing each other.
Jesse Sampson and her two younger sisters have lived a hard life on the streets of Seattle, Washington for the past several years. Four years before, the Earth received its first visitors from space causing mass fear.
Alone in a world gone mad with just her sisters, she has learned to use the darkness and the remains of the city to survive and keep what was left of her family alive.
She has seen the savage side of human nature and finds they are not much different from the aliens who conquered Earth.
Source: Info in the About Hunter's Claim was from the press kit from the publicity team.
5 runner ups will receive a signed paperback copy of Razor’s Traitorous Heart.
This is a new author for me. I look forward to trying the books.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.417631
Retrieved Text: canada goose uk black friday Last year On Her Journey to the Sun sounded similar to his work with Beardfish. It earned a spot at 2 on my year end list and softened the blow of Beardfish breaking up. Friendship feels more like a continuation of that sound. The industry actively sees man and his emotions as a flawed creation, and seeks to endlessly point out our numerous deficiencies in what is canada goose outlet store quebec essentially our natural biological order. Rather than ask how to help mankind, the mental health industry asks “what is wrong with mankind?” Research, resources and dollars are being constantly churned into the industry with the very goal of discovering more and more perceived flaws in humanity. In the world of the mental health industry, failure is actively sought out, promoted, and in some cases, accepted and cherished canada goose uk black friday.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.403091
Retrieved Text: Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award Winner, Dionne Warwick, is Tom Needham's featured guest this Thursday at 6 pm EST on WUSB's 'The Sounds of Film.' The interview marks Ms. Warwick's third time on the long-running program. Also on the show, is award-winning director of 'City of Joel,' Jesse Sweet.
Dionne Warwick has had an incredible 56 hits on the Billboard Top 100 over the course of her successful career. She has won 5 GRAMMY AWARDS and sold over 100 million records. Some of Dionne Warwick's best known songs include "Then Came You," "Déjà Vu," "Walk on By," and "I Say a Little Prayer."
Ms. Warwick is one of several legends to receive one of GRAMMY AWARDS highest honor - the Lifetime Achievement Award. Others being honored this year include George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic, Donny Hathaway, Julio Iglesias, and Billy Eckstine. A special award presentation will be held on May 11, 2019 in Los Angeles.
'City of Joel' is a documentary about Kiryas Joel, a 1.1 square mile shell in the suburbs that is home to 22,000 orthodox Hassidic members. Inspired by their founder, Joel Tetelbaum, Kiryas Joel is one of the fastest growing most insular Jewish communities in the world. The film examines what happens when developers and leaders come up with an annexation proposal to double the size of THE VILLAGE against the wishes of their non-Hassidic neighbors who believe their plan will harm the environment and tilt the balance of power in the local government.
Jesse Sweet is an Emmy-award winning documentary director and producer whose work includes 'Parts

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.243357
Retrieved Text: The Hellboy movie franchise has never had a smooth ride. The comics themselves have such a die-hard fandom, and Guillermo Del Toro’s two adaptations received similar love, with a third instalment being one of the most sought-after sequels of the early 2010s.
Sadly, that project was never to be, but the blow was softened with the announcement that a new Hellboy movie was on the way - this time a full-on reboot, with a hard-R rating and the grit to do the character justice.
And for the first few months of production, the project made all the right moves. Stranger Things’ David Harbour was an inspired choice for the titular role, and the first poster showing him in full costume blew everyone away.
Neil Marshall seemed like a great choice of director as well - known for his blistering action and mad prior cinematic achievements. It looked like the filmmakers were getting everything so right.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.208862
Retrieved Text: How could a storm blow the Rangers ½ way across the world???
|| to the cartoon "Mouse Wreckers" at the end in Su Lin's downfall. Also cf. "Tale Spin" episode "The Idol Rich."
Episode skirts VERY close to the subplot of hallucinogens (LSD) -- when Dale sniffs some of the gas from the mechanical tree, he becomes ultra-paranoid and insists he's not crazy -- LSD is a drug that has been shown to cause acute paranoia after its use. Softened by Zipper sniffing gas and just "falling in love with Monty."
Parody of the Andersen fairy tale "Song of the Nightingale."
[Chirp Sing was actually in the first draft of the series concept, except it was a martial artist cricket. The fact that Tad Stones, one of the series creators, wrote this episode accounts for the return of the name, at least.
First official appearance of the Ranger Wing, despite that it was used as far back as "When Mice Were Men".

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.204443
Retrieved Text: WATCH: Commissioner Sarnoff Says Downtown Miami Is "Best It's Ever Been"
Miami’s Downtown Development Authority (DDA) held its first ever “State of Downtown” event Friday evening to showcase the growth of Miami’s urban core. Miami Commissioner and DDA Chairman Marc Sarnoff says downtown is on the upswing.
"We’re about to make leaps and bounds, progress that we haven’t made in years and years," Sarnoff said. "Miami is putting the pieces together that it needs for a vibrant economic engine."
Fort Lauderdale Mayor Jack Seiler is adamant about the city's ordinances relating to homeless issues. He has said, as have other city commissioners, that the laws are for public safety.
That hasn't softened the blow of the international scrutiny from social media as well as the late night shows, including The Colbert Report.
On The Florida Roundup, NBC’s Meet the Press moderator Chuck Todd joins us to talk about the changing political landscape nationally and Florida’s role in shaping it, including President Obama’s expected action on immigration reform.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.851742
Retrieved Text: Does anyone use this? I want to buy one but I have an old Conair Ceramic Ionic Styler and I am afraid it won't fit. Does it fit only with Conair Pro Dryers?
It is universal in that it's made to fit a range of sizes of dryers. The part that contacts the dryer end is somewhat cone-shaped and flexible so it can be put on different sized barrels. I picked the tourmaline one up at Sally for $7.99 a few weeks ago but took it back. Of my three blow dryers, it only fit on one (one other was too small, another too big). And the one it fit on, if I used the dryer on high, it softened and actually melted the diffuser plastic part that contacts the barrel and slid off after a minute. I can see this being useful if it fit your dryer just right and you only dry on low. If you have a Sally store in town, I'd take your dryer in and see if it fits.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.846632
Retrieved Text: When I was a kid, my grandmother used to put on records of her favorite Mozart piano concerto or favorite Haydn symphonies. Occasionally, during rainy days, on would slip some Beethoven or even Brahms. Growing up, classical music (the title I gave to all music that didn’t have a rock beat or any music that had a soothing, vaguely soporific effect—yeah, I’m even looking at you, Enya!) was meant to be enjoyed in the background. It was meant to accompany your day to day activities, blending in seamlessly with cooking or doing the Sunday morning crossword. Mozart somehow softened the blow that I didn’t know 27 across: "Literary pseudonym (four letters)." Fast forward many, but not too many, years later and I’m a professional musician acting as an air siren. Behind me is a snare drum playing a crescendo that is supposed to be become “unbearable.” Literally. In his part he is literally asked to play louder and louder until the volume becomes unbearable. What is going on here?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.799522
Retrieved Text: [H]ardOCP: Crash Test Dummies Show Difference Between Cars In Mexico And U.S.
Crash Test Dummies Show Difference Between Cars In Mexico And U.S.
Thanks to lax regulations in middle- and low-income countries, manufacturers can get away with selling zero-star cars that lack even the most common safety features. Apparently, airbags are only available if you opt for the luxury package in many locales.
Both are at the bottom of the line for price point. But there are crucial differences. The U.S. model has how many air bags and what other features? The Mexican model has no air bags, no antilock brakes or stability control to adjust tire speed and prevent skidding. In a crash test, Mexico's lowest-priced Nissan (left) collided with America's least expensive Nissan. The dummy's face hit the steering wheel in the Mexican model. Airbags in the American model softened the blow. On crash safety tests run by the nonprofit Latin New Car Assessment Program, the Versa gets four out of five stars. The Tsuru gets zero.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.559464
Retrieved Text: For the last two centuries the Balkans have been at the center of international relations, eclipsed lately only by the Near East, of which they were once deemed to be a part. At the beginning of the 20th century they were transformed from an innocuous name into a powerful derogatory metaphor that softened with time into a weaker but still negative cliché, to blow up fully again in the 1990s. After analyzing Europe and the Near East as analytical concepts, the lecture focuses on the Balkans as the posited intermediary space between them. Having demonstrated the limitations and shortcomings of the conceptual apparatus built around the notions of civilizations, cultural circles, intermediacy and indeterminacy, it introduces the category of historical legacy. The case is made for the advantages in utilizing the concept of historical legacy as an analytical tool over “path dependence,” as well as over more structural categories of analysis, such as borders, space, and territoriality, because it allows to articulate more clearly the dynamism and fluidity of historical change. Finally, practical issues of the relationship between Europe, the Balkans and the Near East in recent years are addressed, both analytically and politically.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.483049
Retrieved Text: Straphangers and drivers are expected to rail against transit officials today at a hearing in Staten Island on an MTA plan to raise fares and tolls.
The hearing will be the first of five this week where people will get a chance to voice their concerns on the Metropolitan Transportation Authority’s proposal to raise bus and subway fares, commuter ticket prices and tolls to plug a $436 million budget gap.
The hearing will take place at the Michael J. Petrides School at 715 Ocean Terrace on Staten Island starting at 4 p.m.
The plan calls for an increase in the price of 30-day MetroCards from $70 to between $76 and $84 and raise the price of a weekly pass from $21 to $24.
Long Island Rail Road and Metro-North ticket prices would jump 5 percent, and drivers could also be hit with a 50-cent toll hike.
The MTA softened the fare-hike blow last week when it amended an original plan released in July that could have raised the price of monthly passes to as much as $84 in a bid to spare service cuts.
* The Hilton/Huntington Hotel, 598 Broadhollow Road, Melville, L.I.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.390893
Retrieved Text: To get to these purged voters, we need their names. Husted has just given us the complete list of the damned. But he’s stonewalling on the details, including who received and sent back the postcard. He knows that exposing the full operation of his purge machinery will blow his case to smithereens.
We really, truly need your support to build this massive action against not just Ohio, but 25 other states using the same vote purging trick. Join our Stop the Steal! 2018 Investigation & Action.
And in Kansas, where these methods, postcards and Crosscheck lists were conceived, I am joined in my demand on Kris Kobach for his purge lists by the Kansas ACLU. In Illinois, the Rev. Jesse Jackson has joined in pleadings.
Through investigation, we have already obtained parts of these purge lists — including the one targeting Donald Alexander Webster Sr., a 70-year-old Black voter in Dayton, Ohio. He is listed as allegedly moving from Ohio to Virginia because there’s a Virginia voter registered as Donald Eugene Webster Jr.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.348113
Retrieved Text: JESSE LINGARD has had a pop at Cristiano Ronaldo - for having inferior abs.
The Juventus striker scored a stunning volley for his side against old employers Manchester United in their Champions League clash in Turin.
Many wondered whether the 33-year-old would celebrate a goal against his former loves.
But celebrate he did, by pulling up his shirt to reveal his delightfully toned abdominal area.
His joy was short lived however.
United stunned the Italian giants with two goals in the last five minutes to keep their hopes of winning Group H well and truly alive.
And Cristiano has been handed another hammer blow - by being beaten in an "ab off" by United winger Lingard.
The England star uploaded a photo of him posing with his tensed abs, alongside Ronaldo doing the same during his goal celebration last night.
And we reckon Lingard wins it - just.
He captioned the comparison photo: "Who Did It Better? 😂😂 #99Physicality #CR."
So seemingly, while many may have thought CR7 might be Lingard's "hero" at Old Trafford, it may just be the other way round.

================



======= Instance Index 33209 =========
Input Text: Context: Robin was at ease.

Question: How would Robin feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: less stress and uneasy

B: ready to work hard

C: friends with Robin

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.925884
Retrieved Text: Robin A. Flenner, 52, of Camp Hill, PA and formerly of Wilmington, DE, passed away on Saturday, February 3, 2018. She succumbed to a very aggressive form of cancer that struck quickly. Robin was the ultimate Supermom and will be dearly missed by her husband, Alan, and their children Jacob and Jenna.
Robin grew up in Wilmington, DE, where she first met Alan as a friend in junior high school. Robin was a graduate of The Pennsylvania State University where she earned a degree in finance. She started a professional career in banking with J.P. Morgan in Wilmington and later worked with BISYS and the Pennsylvania Bankers Association after relocating to the Harrisburg area.
Robin reconnected with Alan in Wilmington upon meeting him by chance while he was home on leave from the Navy. Robin became a Navy wife and supported Alan’s military career through his retirement from service as a Captain in the Navy Reserve. She kept the home fires burning and the children at ease during the many times Alan was away from home on duty. Robin also supported Alan’s second career as an attorney.
Robin was devoted to her children doing everything she could to prepare them for a good and successful life. She encouraged their many activities and served in volunteer positions in their schools and organizations. She was particularly active as a treasurer for Jacob’s Boy Scout troop and with the family’s neighborhood association. As last gestures of love before their mother’s passing, Jacob placed an Eagle Scout Mother’s pin on Robin’s hospital gown

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.707838
Retrieved Text: In May 2016, I was invited to take part in ‘Permission to Perform’ workshop and performance gig for disabled people at the Newhampton Arts Centre. The workshop was organised by Alan McLean of One Voice of Wolverhampton and funded by Arts Council England. The event was led by Robin Surgeoner, song writer and performer.
Me giving a reading at Permission to Perform.
There were people with various impairments in the group, I felt at ease and relaxed. We spent all afternoon talking and discussing performance and practising. Robin and his band members also spent some time composing music for lyrics and poems that poets had written.
At first I thought, ‘I can’t do this! Performance is not my strength. What if my words don’t come out and fall down on stage!’ Robin told me to have a go on the stage. He said that it’s only practising out loud what you’ve written. At first I was nervous but as I heard other disabled writers and performers share their work, they all inspired me with their words and music. I thought I’d give it a go. Well I had no choice in the matter.
After my rehearsal performance, I received some very positive feedback. They all understood exactly what I’d said and the practice audience enjoyed my work. Next was the real thing.
The audience started filling up the seats. The stage and the acts had been organised. We had a special guest Rinkoo Barpaga, a deaf stand-up comedian, he was amazing. We had music, singing, comedy and poetry all under one

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.499468
Retrieved Text: Former director of Thomson law and special counsel to Rhonda Penny Lawyers, Robin brings a wealth and lifetime of legal knowledge to the table. Robin is a consultant with QLP and is responsible for all contracts and retail leases. It is an honour for Robin to share his wealth of experience with our clients and more junior solicitors.
A long serving member of community including RSL, rotary club, Robin is just as happy to have a chat outside the office as he is passing on his legal knowledge inside the office. Robin is a model first class citizen, and he knows everybody. In the rare event he doesn’t, he is at ease with striking up a conversation and turning strangers into familiar faces.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.148315
Retrieved Text: "Bryan was very helpful! Our installers Ted & Mitch did an awesome job. We have used your options before and they have been very helpful."
I think that seeing the reason behind our flooring work is one of the most awesome experiences of my job. Robin and Cindy's heart to take care of Robin's ill mom by gutting their master bedroom and flooring it with a faux-wood vinyl (for ease of cleaning and rolling the hospital bed around) is an inspiration to me. Their dedication to transform their house and reschedule their lives around taking care of someone in need really touched me and was an inspiration for our employees to know that our work makes a difference and enables families like Robin & Cindy's to care for their loved ones. Thank you to Robin & Cindy and many other customers who let us into their lives to see the story behind the flooring that we do! What a blessing!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.743847
Retrieved Text: Call Today Robin Books Fast!
Comedian Robin Roberts will customize comedy shows to fit your event.
Specializing in Comedy Roasts for Corporate Events and Parties!
With an exceptional memory and finely honed joke writing skills, Robin creates hilarious material from inside information on your employees, spouse, friends or relatives. She will interview people closely connected to the company or family, and interweave facts she's gleaned into the show with seemingly effortless ease.
Working as an audience warm-up for TV shows, and hosting her own critically acclaimed stand-up show for thirteen years, as well as giving numerous personalized shows for companies such as Yahoo!, Inc., Viking River Cruises, Longs Drugs, California Geo-technical Engineers, Torrance Memorial Hospital, Newport-Irvine Rotary Club, and City of Hope, have made Robin a seasoned pro at personalized corporate and family comedy events.
A comedy singer/songwriter, Robin will compose a pertinent funny tune to top off the evening. She's engaging, quick on her feet, likeable, and instantly captivates and includes the audience to create an unequaled evening of laughter and fun that your employees or family will remember for years to come.
Robin's show hit a home run at our office holiday party! Her personalized material about the employees instantly captivated the crowd and kept them laughing the whole time. The ad-libbed comedy she created by talking to the audience was amazing! Delightfully unpredictable. I would recommend Robin and will hire her again. Much better than a regular stand-up act.
"Thank you for being a part of our project. It was a very good evening and you contributed greatly to our

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.725258
Retrieved Text: Robin Carnes is a yoga teacher and certified iRest® Yoga Nidra instructor who hails from the United States. She is well recognized as a pioneer and innovator in the field of mind-body therapies for trauma and related conditions. Her work has been featured in media outlets such as The Washington Post, Woman’s Day Magazine and Yoga Journal just to name a few!
In her impressive career, she served as the lead instructor of the first Defense Department-funded feasibility study of Yoga Nidra meditation for PTSD symptoms, and also went on to co-found Warriors at Ease an organisation, which has trained over 800 certified yoga and meditation teachers to work safely and effectively in military communities affected by combat-related stress.
Robin was also the author of "Sacred Circles: A Guide To Creating Your Own Women's Spirituality Group" and we learn about how this book came to be.
We were lucky to catch up with her while she was in Melbourne for the Meditation Australia Conference, and we got to ask her our most burning questions on Yoga Nidra and iRest, how it works, and why it can help so many people with PTSD.
Please note that there is mention of some imagery used in traditional Yoga Nidra that may be triggering for some listeners.
3:14 Where did Robin grow up?
3:28 How did Robin discover Yoga?
7:26 What happens in a Yoga Nidra session?
25:07 Is one of the reasons there are more formal studies done on iRest is that many of the practitioners are academics and/or psychologists?
26:19 Is Yoga Nidra well understood from the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.43283
Retrieved Text: Residence: Elsewhere, in a hidden estate somewhere in the area of Scotland.
Wand: dragon heartstring, unyielding, hawthorn, 11"
A metamorphamagus, Robin's appearance changes often depending on their whims. His default male appearance is of average height at five feet, seven inches. His frame can best be described as thin and wispy with delicate features. He keeps his brown hair short and tidy. Robins default female appearance is tall for a woman at five feet, seven inches. She is delicate and slender with small curves. Robins eyes are a striking grey-green and are often what people first notice about them. Their attire can best be described as stylish but functional. Robin is right handed.
- Please classify as Non-Binary on the Census. Due to Robin's metamorphmagus abilities and relative ease of shifting across the gender spectrum, in today's world, he would most likely identify as either Genderqueer or Gender Fluid.
- Robin is primarily presented to the world as male with his abilities being kept secret. People are made to assume that Robin's 'female' appearance is his 'shy, sickly twin sister'. It's a bit of a mess. And tends to lead to trouble more often than not. - Is pansexual and a virgin - though the latter is definitely not by choice.
1863 - Robin is born and is pronounced to be male. There is then confusion when the newborn later 'changes' gender. Not quite sure what to do at first, the parents eventually pay off the midwife to collaborate their story - they would say that they had twins - a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.283745
Retrieved Text: Robin has played a crucial role in growing our company from the beginning as a one-man operation with below $1 million in revenue into a fast-growing, multi-million dollar company poised for explosive growth.
She allows me to run my business more profitably, more smoothly, make it more scalable, and vastly reduces the headache factor through her smart solutions.
Robin Thieme (and her team at Kensington Business Solutions) have cut out the stress and headaches of business operations, allowing me to focus on growing my business. Robin also helps me stay current with new tools, technology, and resources.
They don’t just talk the talk in terms of following through, checking in, and explicitly asking what they could be doing better–they really walk the walk.
We’re a whole new company now!
KBS was key in terms of helping us grow from a business idea into a business — getting systems in place so that we could grow.
Robin is an exemplary visionary business leader. She has unselfishly offered her vision, knowledge, and wisdom to steer my business decisions in the right direction. Her insight has significantly improved many of my business practices.
Robin turned us into closers. She is patient, strategic and forward-thinking. She helped my production company in developing our first branded content offering, from pricing to product. Without Robin, we wouldn’t have closed the deal.
Robin volunteers her time unselfishly to provide expert, well-thought-out advice to local area entrepreneurs.
Robin is my go-to person whenever I have a budget or accounting related question for my business, and knowing I have access to her wisdom immediately

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.187355
Retrieved Text: Dr. Robin Lococo was truly overwhelmed with joy, when she was nominated and selected to be recognize as one of the top 20 women in the world to receive one of the “Global Women of Excellence Award”. “This is far more than anything I could have ever dreamed of,” says Dr. Robin. The 6th Annual International Women's Day in Chicago Illinois was the celebratory Women’s Day landmark date, March 9, 2018, with the award personally presented by Illinois Congressman Mr. Danny K. Davis. Dr. Robin Mosier-Lococo was nominated by Dr. Gladys Loggin-Folorunsho Founder of USA/Africa Chamber of Commerce. She was nominated for her years of dedication and public service to mankind. This is an award surely fitting Dr. Robin Lococo's life.
Dr. Robin Mosier-Lococo is the President and Founder of "Challenged Champions and Heros", an organization that brings honor and recognition to the physically and mentally challenged; individuals that experience challenges in their day to day life and those that help ease their difficulties. Challenged Champions and Hero’s is a division of iChange Nations™, an organization that reaches out globally to impact the world through honor.
Dr. Robin personal history has dealt with physical challenges from birth; being born only weighing 2 lbs. and 9 ounces. She truly understands how it is going through life being treated somewhat differently. Dr. Lococo never let this or her size stop her from achieving her goals. She has had some obstacles to overcome in her life to get her to where she wants to be. She has risen to the challenges

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.886623
Retrieved Text: I got to meet Robin Lambaria, the director and founder of the Marfa film festival, at SXSW this year. While her ease at outdrinking me filled me with terror and dread, I am honored to be part of her festival. I also super love the blurb on the schedule listing for Ledo and Ix.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.454205
Retrieved Text: Wake-robin blooms for several weeks in midspring.
Trilliums of various sorts can be found in forests throughout North America. The large flowered wake-robin is probably the showiest one. It is certainly the most widely cultivated. Wake-robin blooms for several weeks in midspring.
Description of wake-robin: With wake-robins, almost everything comes in threes. Each plant produces a single stem bearing a whorl of three deep green, pointed leaves. The leaves are topped by three green sepals that open to reveal a pure white flower with three broad, pointed petals. The long-lasting flower turns pink as it ages. The plant sprouts in early spring, quickly reaches 8 to 18 inches in height, and then blooms. In dry conditions, it dies back to a tuberous root by midsummer. Ease of care of wake-robin: Easy.
Growing wake-robin: Plant in rich, moist, well-drained soil. Apply a thick mulch to imitate the deep leaf litter of the plant's native habitat. If conditions suit it, the wake-robin spreads abundantly but never aggressively.
Propagating wake-robin: By division or seed. Plants take five to seven years to bloom from seed.
Uses for wake-robin: In forests, the wake-robin can become so numerous that the forest floor seems covered with snow during the plant's blooming season. It can also be grown in beds and borders. Although it would seem to be an attractive cut flower, harvesting it means cutting its leaves as well. This deprives the root of its nourishment, leading to the plant's demise.
Related variety of wake-robin: Trillium grandiflorum forma polymorum, also listed as Flore Pleno or Multiplex, is a double-flowered

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.421053
Retrieved Text: Robin Williams (1951-2014) was one of the most loved and respected American actors of the 21st century. The Robin Williams story is filled with both laughter and tears. In this addition of our artist biographies, we will be sharing with you a detailed account of the life of Robin Williams.
While Robin Williams was mostly known for his comedic roles and stand-up comedy routines, he was considered by many to be one of the finest dramatic actors around as well. His teachers at Juilliard labeled him a “genius” early on and his genius lit up the stages and screens of the world for over 30 years.
While Robin Williams was known as a genuinely funny and quick-witted man, it is important to understand that the nature of his genius derived from the study and practice he put into his craft. While he was the master of improv, it came from a genuine drive to excel at comedic art. He drew his material from his own life and from observations of life around him; but he also recognized the influence of other comedians on his work and actively studied how they handled their craft. One of the reasons that Robin Williams became such a superstar of comedy was the dedication he had to his craft. He took a native genius for comedy and learned the skills to make it into an art.
Robin Williams was born in Chicago Illinois in 1951and was described as a quiet and introspective child. His childhood was marked by the absence of his mother and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.417017
Retrieved Text: An olive green felt hat with a red feather. A sturdy bow with a quiver of arrows. A heavy burlap sack jingling with stolen coins. Both a hero for the people and a thief. These are some of the things that may come to mind when one thinks of Robin Hood, a classic character passed down from generation to generation since the 14th century.
The film begins by introducing the audience to Robin of Loxley (Taron Egerton), a well-to-do socialite from the city of Nottingham. He meets Lady Marian (Eve Hewson) as she is trying to steal a horse from his mansion for her estranged family. Captivated by her beauty, Robin promises to give her the horse for the chance to court her. Their honeymoon phase is shattered by a draft notice from the Sheriff of Nottingham (Ben Mendelsohn), effective immediately. The couple is forced to part, with Robin promising to return to her and Lady Marian promising to wait. His declaration is all for naught when he returns two years later to find Lady Marian married to Will Scarlet (Jamie Dornan) and Nottingham on the edge of a civil war, its lower classes planning a revolt against the corrupt English crown. With escaped prisoner of war Little John (Jamie Foxx) as his guide, Robin becomes a symbol for the people in his quest to dethrone crooked rulers and free the working class from their oppression.
Egerton plays the titular role like he was made for it. His career has been on an incline ever since his portrayal

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.349243
Retrieved Text: Teri Ringham Health and Wellness | Simple changes--powerful results for Robin. Can they help you too?
Simple changes–powerful results for Robin. Can they help you too?
This post may contain affiliate links of products I recommend at no additional cost to you. Read about my affiliate policy here.
Can Alternative health replace sickness and a reliance on medications?
Many who have adopted the practice of healthier eating and avoiding chemicals answer this question with a resounding YES. Some of the strongest testimonies come from those who have endured years of health issues under the umbrella of standard medical care. These same people, who felt their condition was too severe to be treated with anything other than medication and surgeries, have been blessed to overcome their health issues by making changes that seemed too simple to be effective. Changes like diet and reducing exposure to chemicals in their environment.
I recently received a wonderful testimony from Robin, a delightful young lady who had been struggling with Colitis for many years with poor results from her medication and other medical treatments. She wanted to discuss possible alternatives to medications that might help her feel better. We discussed the changes that might benefit her condition and also her husbands health.
Do you love your daily soda? So did Robin….
Both Robin and her husband had given up soda seven months earlier. He was an avid regular soda drinker and she was a diet soda drinker with both consuming these daily, and often, multiple per day. Soda is a tough one to give up for those who

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.338907
Retrieved Text: Our recent market has been volatile. As a result, many of us are struggling to make the best decisions in growing our investments.
Are you more like a Lion who waits patiently for his prey; OR Are you an Eagle who keeps a close watch for the right moment to strike? The Lion Personality would watch the market for long term gains whereas the Eagle monitors the market and zooms in for high value opportunities. Recognizing your Investment Personality would result in wiser financial decisions and better investment performance.
Join Jay Chia and Robin Ho on two separate seminars (11th and 25th May 2019) as they discuss strategies and techniques to help diversify your investment portfolio and to understand which Investment Personality would suit you.
Investors face daily challenges of deciding what shares, when and how much to buy or sell. Very often, the best time of entry is when the market is at its worst and the best time of exit is when the market is at its best. As it is everchanging, it takes courage to be able to go against the tides of the volatile market. During this seminar, Jay Chia will share how to develop an approach to overcome the daily challenges faced by investors and how to make consistent profits using a variety of psychological management strategies.
Jay will explain crucial steps in overcoming the challenges in investment decision making by simply setting up an investment system.
With more than 10 years of experience, Jay Chia is a dual-licensed Trading Representative and Financial Advisor with Phillip

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.252005
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Entertainment News / Welcome to the world Baby Isabella!
Welcome to the world Baby Isabella!
ABS-CBN's TV host-actress, Mariel Rodriguez, the beautiful wife of the infamous action star Robin Padilla, safely gave birth to a healthy, cute and adorable baby princess: Baby Isabella on the 14th of November 2016. She was born in the United States.
Baby Isabella is the first child of the two celebrities. The loving couple got married on August 19th, 2010 in India.
In September 2016, Rodriguez, who used to suffer two unwanted miscarriages, had to be flown to the US. This is due to her delicate pregnancy thus, she needs to be prepared with all the safety precautions of labor.
The United States has all the modern, well-equipped technology and equipment to ensure the smooth labor of the Pinay star.
Before his wife gave birth, Padilla, who is now a proud father even posted a video of the conversation between him and his beautiful wife, Mariel. It was taken while she was in labor. A support from far was part of the process.
In the video, Padilla conveyed his most sincere sorry to his wife for not being able to be next to her to comfort and ease the pain through moral support. This is due to his unforeseen denial of a US Visa from the government of the country.
The procedure that he needed to go through was far more complicated than expected as he was convicted of illegal firearms back in 1994.
Again, congratulations to both proud parents, Mariel Rodriguez and Robin Padilla!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.240616
Retrieved Text: I didn't have any mystery novels, so I was obliged to read Allen Steele's COYOTE trilogy today. Good stuff. I have a couple hours before I meet Robin on CoH. I'm thinkin' maybe I can fit one more book in, if I can find one lying around that I want to read. Or maybe I'll make a cake, which debela has put me in mind of.
Or maybe I'll make a dinner with no morally redeeming qualities except its ease. That part I'm already doing, so there's little question of it getting done.
Yeah, ok, I'm boring me, too.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.127031
Retrieved Text: Bones Fab does more than your average install. We prefer to go with at least the factory look. We go from mild standard fittings with black hose to stainless fittings and hose. We route the hoses and wiring out of sight for a clean look and ease of maintenance. We use a computerized Robin-air charge and recovery machine for proper servicing. We assemble the hoses on-site for proper installation. Custom compressor brackets made on-site.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.9438095
Retrieved Text: Robin Nolan The Gypsy Jazz Volume 5 PDF + Mp3 CD download. The RNT books have become an essential item in any guitarists gigbag wishing to learn the Gypsy Jazz style. They cover all the great tunes played by Django that are the standard repertoire for anyone playing this genre of music.
Their main advantage over many other books is their accompanying CD which firstly gets you in tune and then takes you along with Robin Nolan and Paul Meader as they play the melody for you, then the melody drops out and they carry on playing the backing rhythm for you. They are great for jamming along to also if you don’t have a rhythm guitarist to back you up.
All authentic gypsy chord shapes are covered and clearly laid out for you to learn before firing up the CD player. The melody is laid out in Tab format for ease of learning. Suitable for beginners to well practiced players.
Download Robin Nolan – The Gypsy Jazz Volume 5 PDF free and other books from our site. Only high quality PDF scans. Please write a review, it's important for our community.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.92319
Retrieved Text: Chinese herbal medicine is one of the most powerful methods of improving internal organ function - this is real live-longer health!
Chinese herbal medicine is the best method for treating chronic diseases and problems from their very root. The highest-grade herbs are sourced from hospital suppliers and come in the convenient form of concentrated granules/powders that simply need to be reconstituted with hot water.
Chinese herbal medicine can make a real difference to your internal organ’s health and for many people, prompted a conversation with their doctors to discuss reducing their prescribed medicines.
ARE THERE ANY SIDE EFFECTS TO CHINESE HERBAL MEDICINE?
As the prescriptions are tailored to your personal condition side effects are extremely rare, but an allergy to one/more of the ingredients is possible. In Robin’s experience this has rarely happened in the thousands of patients he’s treated.
Occasionally, patients can experience a ‘healing crisis’ which is when symptoms appear to be worsening but this is temporary and all part of your journey back to wellness. If you’ve had a problem for a long time, the body becomes used to it and needs to re-learn what is normal.
Within three months of seeing Robin after my chemotherapy and radiotherapy had finished, I went from feeling the worst I had ever felt to feeling better than I had in years. I felt so good I even took up running which I couldn't have even imagined before and returned to enjoy a full and happy life. Robin was always extremely professional and kind and he put me at ease immediately. It was

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.807701
Retrieved Text: "The opportunities in standard concert formats are fewer than they were. You have to be versatile and look at different ways to bring this rich canvas of music to your audience," says pianist Lucy Parham.
First it was the soft acoustic guitar playing, which on three occasions to three very different audiences won a silence so intense it was almost deafening.
Ryuichi Sakamoto has conquered underground and mainstream with seeming ease over four decades, never dropping off in the quality of his releases.
In a classical recording industry seemingly obsessed with marketing beautiful young female violinists, but very often presenting them in repertoire to which most of them seem to have little individual to add, how do you make your mark?
Edinburgh, October 2015. Robin Ticciati is still flying high from a remarkable performance of Brahms's First Symphony, the start of an intended cycle with his Scottish Chamber Orchestra in his seventh season as principal conductor.
You haven't lived until you've witnessed Viennese maverick H(einz) K(arl) Gruber – 75 today (3 January, publication day) – speech-singing, conducting and kazooing his way through his self-styled "pandemonium" Frankenstein!!.
Sweden's ackowledged "National Orchestra", the Gothenburg Symphony, left its Chief Conductor post unfilled for four seasons, but now it's finally certain to have let the right one in.
When Glyndebourne's Music Director Robin Ticciati conducts the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment in the new production of Mozart's La clemenza di Tito starting tonight, you can be sure that it will sound utterly fresh, startling even.
Koen Kessels is on a mission to change the culture around music

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.7158575
Retrieved Text: And yes.... Will Smith is BLUE!
OK OK.... so there has been TON of controversy and disgruntled feelings back in December , when producers teased a bit of the new Aladdin movie. Seems everyone wasn't sure if Will Smith's character will be blue, so Will got back online and reassured us that he will, in fact, be BLUE.
So last night, another trailer was released to maybe excite or put fans at ease. Except it seems it did the exact opposite.... MOST Disney fans are SO annoyed and upset about Will Smith playing the Genie. So we already know that NO ONE...NO ONE could ever compete against our beloved Robin Williams, but Will knows this. I ACCEPT this. That being said, as one of my favorite actors on the planet, I'm happy and hopeful to see what he's got up his sleeve, and how he will recreate the character as his own.
Here's the latest trailer.... what do you think?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.679222
Retrieved Text: I'm a licensed counselor in Texas with 30 years in the areas of relationships/marriage, identification of core values, the six ways to identify partner compatibility, self-esteem/regaining self-empowerment, the different temperament types including Introversion, solution-focused brief therapy, success psychology, mindfulness practices, family organization in the home, resilience training, and more.
I utilize Depth Psychology as well as Solution-based approaches, and when applicable, Dream Amplification. Many people find their dreams a source of guidance and a legitimate tool, especially with the help of a trained therapist in this area, especially during crises, arriving at a crossroads, and illness.
While I am very interested in the source of a person's suffering, I look at what the person is doing now, at the present moment, which keeps the maladjusted responses in place. And we try to change that current pattern. I will try many things to help a client and, at some point, I do expect some change to occur, even if reflected in just a small, but pivotal step Change can sometimes happen remarkably quickly; other times it takes awhile, and patience is required.
Most of us would agree that standing at that" fork in the road" too long can bring more depression and confusion than was bargained for. I would like to help you create the freedom which comes from carefully listening to yourself, understanding your feelings and styles of reacting, then taking the steps which feel comfortable to you to get you to a place of well-being and confidence.. Understanding and sorting out one's feelings and patterns of thinking can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.553801
Retrieved Text: As a businessperson it’s easy sometimes to find yourself in a state of overwhelm or self-doubt when you run up against the tasks that must be done. Maybe you aren’t sure how to do a new task or need to network and there is an element of fear present. The solution to this type of issue may be two-fold – a technical or training component as well as a personal and emotional piece. We can help you break through your personal blocks, become confident while provide tools and systems to complete your projects with ease.
Robin Heart Shepperd of Compassionate Clearing and Sherry Scott of Resource Connection will facilitate 6 weekly luncheon meetings for business owners who desire to be more expansive, creative and profitable in their business. Sessions will consist of presentation of useful information, hands-on work (for those who bring laptop), plus help breaking through mental/emotional barriers to success.
Learn more about Robin here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.523738
Retrieved Text: Those who don’t like what I say, have an option, to stay or to leave.
How can we do that if we can’t love our world’s sisters and brothers.
As far as religion and politics, what are you standing for?
This entry was posted on January 15, 2013, in inspiration and tagged dailypost.
after retiring from 41 years of teaching, I learned a few cues.
I am the same person, as long as I don’t look into a mirror.
Yet, throughout it all, I do still feel the same way.
I have so many opportunities to live and I can get around.
and I know that throughout time, being gray may seem that I am wise.
So it will be like starting over again each day with a brand new start.
This entry was posted on January 15, 2013, in inspiration and tagged daily challenge.
Use your words for the good of others!
May each word I say, each word I pray, help to light your way!
This entry was posted on January 15, 2013, in inspiration.
Robin Robert’s comeback is true after overcoming a blood and bone marrow disease.
She is like a friend to many, starting each morning with ease.
A breast cancer survivor from two years ago, she had others who encouraged her in every way.
For each prayer, each card, each telephone call, were pillars of hope day after day.
May God bring the cures from researchers in all that they find and do.
Robin Robert’s come back is living proof, that God can work things out.
When the miracles for all have come “Good Morning, America”, we will all shout.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.485863
Retrieved Text: Now, that is quite the equation.
But they definitely know how to have fun, that's for sure!
Say hello to the Hydes!
Is that not a cute bunch or what?!
Now let's introduce the rest of the troop!
No.1: Parker. A senior in high school and is quite the young man.
No. 2: Keri. Great sense of style and simply beautiful.
No. 3: Carter. He was suppose to be the last of the lot until Mom & Dad felt they weren't quite "done" yet.
No. 4: Riley. She may be missing her two front teeth at the moment, it doesn't affect her beauty in any way.
No. 5: Robin. Energetic and full of character. I love this series of her. When I brought the camera up to her, she began to start posing away. Now that is a model in the making right there!
And finally, she relented and gave me a quick direct look for me to capture. Love it!
No. 6: William. He may be young but he can be quite the gentleman. My another favorite because he is at ease about giving me as many various expressions as he can in front of the camera.
Lastly, No. 8: Anderson. The baby of them all and probably has no idea at this point how lucky he is to have soo many siblings to love and fuss over him. I wish I could be him!
Staggered, on the walkway. And of course we have William attempting another pose while Robin skipping in midair. LOVE this!
And sometimes, it's fun just being with all your siblings.
I had so much fun.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.425602
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for a realtor that is accessible, knowledgeable, and someone that will go the extra mile than hire Eddie. It took him 6 days to get my property under contract and more than what i wanted. He was attentive and was with me every step of the way. The accessibility that he provides to keep you at ease is second to none, i mean who answers questions and calls when they are on vacation , especial in Jamaica...Eddie does!!!I will be working with Eddie for many years to come and if you are in need of a realtor definitely give him a shout.
If a client desires the most professional and successful real estate agent to represent them, Robin is the ultimate agent. In addition to Robin's unparalleled responsiveness and work ethic, she's got a good sense of humor and a refreshing honesty. Toward the end of my delightful experience with Robin, I referred to her as wonder woman, a term previously reserved only for my wonderful wife.
Since we live in another city we appreciated how much Eddie did for us. We didn't have to be present at the closing. Eddie was there for inspections and took care of minor repairs for us. He updated us on everything without us having to constantly call him. We would call Eddie if we needed a realtor in that area again.
If you are looking for someone who genuinely cares and put your best interest first, he is your guy! He will fight for you and does not

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.379937
Retrieved Text: Zabasearch Premium Members get more info on Robin Brown and it's free if you're logged in.
Robin McDowell. Looking for Robin or Nancy. Have not see either since 10th grade. Robin was my foster sister for a while in White Cloud,MI.
Hi, Robin ~ Are you, or were you Robin Murrell NTW Red Barracuda? If so please let's connect. I miss you and apologize for the last time we talked on the phone (25 yrs ago?). That was pretty rotten of me. You were a big part of my life. Please re-connect. Thx, Luv Coo-ella!
TO: ROBIN L WALTERS 2214 RACINE AVE CHICAGO, IL 60614 Robin, If this is the Robin that knew Michael P. please contact me. The last address I had for you was in Elmwood Pk. I want to talk to you. H.P.
My name is James Collins and I use to date a Robin Hurt while I was in the Marines in 1986 at Camp Pendleton. I remember her saying that she was from Indiana. If you are that Robin Hurt, please email me at:jaimo40 At hotmail.com. I would love to hear from you.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.345851
Retrieved Text: All middle schools hosted a “411 of Middle School” event for incoming 6th grade scholars during the week leading up to the first day of school. Each building held unique activities, but all middle schools had the goal of welcoming new students, acclimating students to aspects of the school day that may be different than they’re used to (following a schedule, changing classes, opening a locker), and setting all of our middle school scholars up for success.
Students who participated in the orientation at South Middle School had a round robin of activities with different 6th grade teachers. One activity included creations of race cars that were propelled by balloons. Students were charged with creating and constructing a design that would propel as air was released from the balloon. A separate room held timed competitions to determine the student who could open their lock the fastest for each group. Many students will be using a locker for the first time this year, so this was a fun activity to help them learn that skill and to ease their worries about opening their lockers on the first day of middle school.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.344774
Retrieved Text: This is one of the better novels by Cook. The character of Laurie is not really credible. As a doctor she must be intelligent enough to judge people - at least rudimentary. As usual Cook's men are more realistic characters. The plot is very realistic - as we know now. And this is why the ending is a little disappointing. Maybe Cook was afraid of his own courage when looking into the future. We have to be prepared. This novel is not only highly political, reality has even overtaken fiction. This is why this novel should be read by those responsible for our security. Maybe they see the nightmare that is hinted at here.
Most writers set up the villains as pretty challenging characters (such as occurs in the James Bond novels). Robin Cook has pulled a reverse of that and put together some of the most incompetent villains ever. Despite their incompetence, they make great progress towards unleashing a bioweapon on Manhattan. This reversal added a comic element (not too far from the Keystone Kops) that made the novel much more entertaining than it would otherwise have been.The developing attraction between Jack Stapleton and Laurie Montgomery is the other interesting plot element. Laurie meets someone and starts to get serious, which presents nice plot complications that you will enjoy.As to the main story, it is about as far-fetched as you can imagine except for the relative ease of creating the anthrax-based bioweapon. I hope that the details in the book are not too accurate. I would

================



======= Instance Index 11068 =========
Input Text: Context: the person who has felt little bad.

Question: How would you describe Jesse?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: a person who has irritate jesse and get angry

B: the girl who has feeling worst about her life

C: the girl who has the bad mind

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.949183
Retrieved Text: It’s difficult to be poor in the USA. When you go into an apartment complex, and you ask for income-based housing, you’re automatically put into a category. You’re automatically separated from the rest of society. They treat you differently. Even to get an application is difficult, but when you get the application, and you sit down to try to write it out, there’s no one to help you. My niece is—has special needs. She has learning problems. She is considered retarded. And her husband went to the Portage Township because they were being evicted from their apartment. They went for help. And they didn’t get any help because they didn’t understand how to fill out the application. No one offered to help them. They were sitting there struggling, and finally just gave up.
I look at the example of Housing Opportunities when I filled out my application for housing. They were kind, respectful, honest, and compassionate. When I filled out my application for the food pantry in Portage, she wanted to know why we were doing—you know, why my daughter didn’t have a job. Why I didn’t have a job. You know, it wasn’t enough just to answer the questions. I almost felt like we were being interrogated about our decisions in life. It was kind of a very humiliating situation because Portage does have a really nice food pantry, and you get some really nice things, but it was being abused by people who didn’t really live in the area, or just lying on their applications.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.260824
Retrieved Text: On a scale of 0-100 (100 being highest), how would you rate your communication skills? An 80, maybe even a 90? Are you confident that you are an effective and engaging communicator?
Well, think again. Your own perception of your communication skills may not match the perception of the people around you.
a gap of up to 60 points regarding the manager´s ability to stay neutral and communicate in an objective, non-judgmental way. Especially in situations of receiving feedback from the managers, the respondents felt they were “being evaluated and judged personally”.
….avoid such gaps between self-perception and outside perception?
The most effective technique to maximize your communication effectiveness are the simple steps of Marshal Rosenberg´s “Non-Violent Communication” (NVC).
By focusing our own thinking and perception on our needs and values, rather than our thoughts and moral evaluations, we are able to stay calm in any given situation and as a consequence relate to and communicate with other people much more effectively.
Rather than presenting your counterpart with an editorialized version of what you think of their behaviour according to your own value system, be aware of and carefully select neutral, fact-based words to describe someone´s behaviour. Stay out of evaluations, interpretations and judgments – they would only imply that you think you are “right” and that the other person is “wrong”, in turn leading to defensiveness and an escalation of verbal violence in the conversation.
Error #1: A negative statement is personalized, meaning: the speaker has not differentiated between the person “you” and their behaviour and the intention is to make the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.243252
Retrieved Text: Simon van Gelder is very eager to leave the Tantalus penal colony. He pulls what amounts to hiding in the laundry cart and winds up in the Enterprise transporter room, but is eventually captured. When the ship contacts the colony, Dr. Tristan Adams informs Captain Kirk that van Gelder isn’t an inmate; he’s a doctor there.
As you might imagine, it’s all very suspicious, which leads Kirk to beam down with Helen Noel, who has a background in psychiatry. (The two had met during the ship’s Christmas party, of all places. Go figure.) It’s all very easily explained by Dr. Adams. Tantalus has a mind-altering device. If one simply sits back in the chair, the machine makes the person very susceptible to suggestion. Adams implants in Kirk unyielding desire for Noel.
We get a very interesting plot twist in that Dr. van Gelder, who would seem to be the antagonist, is actually the protagonist. Dr. Adams, who would seem to be the good guy, is actually running less-than-ethical experiments on the patients. Leave it to Kirk and the Enterprise to save the day.
I thought that the plot was a little lacking. The episode shows a doctor running experiments that he shouldn’t. I felt like the episode was a little weak on trying to make it a teachable moment. It’s almost like it’s just saying, “Here’s someone doing something bad. What a shame.” Yes, we know that altering someone’s mind is bad. I didn’t feel like there was any attempt to mitigate or expound upon that. You could argue

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.210556
Retrieved Text: Here are 11 habits of people with concealed depression.
This may seem like a small sign or factor, but it has a grave effect. Those who live with depression in an unrevealing way can sometimes only let the little signs show. Sleeping too much or too little are textbook examples. The same goes for eating too little or too much. Sleep and nutrition are two critical elements to health. They are also two elements that the human mind can attempt to control. Depression creates a suffocating lack of control, and being able to control at least something, can be all a person has. Sleep can be nearly impossible, or it can be the only escape. The same goes for eating.
Not every person with depression has felt suicidal. However, depression often invokes a unique and complex thought process about life in general. Facing one’s mortality often comes at moments of desperation. It happens when you are furiously seeking answers to all of life’s questions. Being dragged in and out of horrible mindsets can cause these kinds of thoughts to be more frequent.
Many of the most inspired and life-changing artists, musicians, and leaders of this world were also plagued by mental illness. I use the word “plagued” in a contradicting fashion because having a serious depth of emotions can also lead to profound greatness. People who live with depression that may not be visible to the naked-eye, often express themselves in incredible ways. They are in touch with the good and bad pieces of their souls. They are able

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.186693
Retrieved Text: This past week was rough. I thought it was because of my lady times but then I quickly started feeling out of control and that there was no end in sight. I was becoming anxious and needy and couldn’t figure out why.
In the back of my mind for a LONG time and sometimes even in the front of my mind as I discussed with with close friends, I thought about what my idol is and it’s a scary one. Well, for me it is scary. Ready for it? Sweets.
My biggest idol in my life is sweets and I know it because it’s what I struggle with the most and what I do not want to be faced with conquering because of being afraid to fail.
But this past week really opened my eyes more than ever. I was becoming angry when I felt I couldn’t just go out and get myself something sweet. I would feel this sense of “complete satisfaction” when I got exactly what I was craving which quickly turned into a feel of defeat. Is this okay? No! Not it is not.
Just this morning I woke up thinking, “This has got to stop. I need to put an end to my idolatry and put Jesus back on the thrown in this area of my life, because he’s not.” He really isn’t and maybe he never has been. The big ooey, gooey chocolate monster with sea salt and almonds or toffee and chocolate or mint and chocolate is! Mmm…wait, no! Bad, BAD!
There is this fear,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.104366
Retrieved Text: This morning on my way to work, I boarded a bus and on the way other passengers were picked up.
One particular person had only half the normal fare and sincerely told the driver so; but the guy getting the money (also known as bus conductor) criticised him badly for thinking he could board the bus with such small money. Shortly after driving off without picking up the guy, it dawned on me that I could have paid his fare...not because I had so much money but because that little change could be all the guy had and offering help would definitely not be out of place!
I had my regrets but the lesson was well Learned-DONT JUDGE, CRITICISE OR VERBALLY ATTACK OTHERS WITHOUT KNOWING THEIR OWN STORY.
I Didnt get to ask the guy in question how he felt on receiving such bad criticism because of the little he had but I just know he would feel bad and probably downcast.
Sometimes we kill people without knowing. Some suicide cases were instigated by people who till tomorrow don't realise that they were the cause of someone else's death somewhere.
If you have nothing good to say to someone, say nothing at all. But if you must speak, then speak to edify and save.
A better society begins from You and Me and the little things we say and do to ourselves and others.
Before you spit out that judgmental statement or seize the food from that fellow's mouth ,think what he/she may be going through. Is he/she surviving on their last emotional

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.059631
Retrieved Text: There are many options to help people who have completed rehabilitation. The resources we use are divided into three large groups.
These include various treats we share to awaken the awareness of other citizens about people who are discouraged from society for some of their bad decisions in life. This group includes posters by which we inform all those who need help to come to our organization to help them return their life to normal. Short films about survivors of addiction and managed to regain their lives before a total collapse of course with our help.
We organize group lectures with or without attendance. If we are involved with the participation of the present, we are instructing them to restore confidence in themselves through the conversation, to reject all their bad qualities and to think only of the good that will lead them further in life. While we are in the discussion, we are looking for a cause for dependence to know that we are avoiding this trauma. It is interesting that former addicts may be the biggest support for each other, and we are also organizing discussions to feel some importance in the society that is enacting it.
A person who survives traumas turns out to be some addict and then succeeds in recovering, he needs a little bit to get on his feet. Nevertheless, because of its past, it is rejected by society, and it is felt alone and unnecessary. A psychologist is a person who can help a lot in such situations. Self-talk and raising self-confidence

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.00851
Retrieved Text: How personal you should get at work has been on my mind a lot recently. I have been witnessing a total beat down of another employee for the last couple of months. A woman who started working at my company around the same time I started working there was completely blown away when personal information she shared with her boss was used against her.
The woman who I was working with was extremely nice, authentic, honest and really young. She hadn’t had too much experience in the work force. She had gone to college, married and had a child. She was a stay at home mom for the most part, only having one other part-time job before joining our company.
Being a real estate agent comes with perks like working from home and creating a schedule around your families needs. That being said, I think this woman felt comfortable being a bit more open and relaxed when it came to talking about herself.
Our boss has been going through a bad patch. It was obvious that there were some personal issues she was dealing with. Once an upbeat person, she became just miserable to work for. Then she took out her aggravated state on this woman.
It all began with a sick child and a bad experience with a child care facility. The woman was quite frank with our boss. She explained what had happened and that she would be working from home until she found someone to watch her child. This should have been completely fine. Half of our

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.966503
Retrieved Text: Las Vegas is a magical city, and it isn’t just the famous Las Vegas Strip that makes it this way. When you’re a local, you really know what makes this city home. Recently, I went to the Bad Owl Coffee house to perform some magic in honor of National Coffee Day. For those of you who don’t know, Bad Owl Coffee is Harry Potter-themed so I felt right at home, being a wizard myself.
It was fun to be able to just relax with a cup of coffee and bring some real magic to the people in the shop. Sometimes, it’s the little things that make life appear so enchanting; like a simple cup of coffee or the smile on a person’s face after they’ve seen a trick. It’s knowing that there was a moment in the day where that person believed in something so much more.
It was relaxing, and I hoped to inspire some of the people at Bad Owl Coffee or at least given them that child-like wonder and smile back in their everyday life. Magic is difficult to pull off, make no mistake, but when you do it right, you look back to see that it is the simple things that make it all worth it.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.950478
Retrieved Text: Most of us don’t want to admit that we have a type, but it’s really not our fault. According to a study done in 2015, your own unique experiences can affect who you’re attracted to. Maybe it’s who you see every day at work or school, or who you dated previously, or who you were married to previously, but those faces that you saw every day can affect how you see and experience new faces.
We often focus on external attraction when we think about types. And that’s important, of course, but it’s not the only thing that contributes to attraction. Physical attraction must be coupled with emotional attraction and, as a result, that means that along with physical types, we also have emotional types.
So if who we see affects our physical types, what affects our emotional types? Well, who we choose to be with has a lot to do with how we see ourselves.
When we’re young children, we develop defenses. These defenses help us cope with a world we don’t understand yet. In time, we become accustomed to these defenses, to the point that we believe they’re a part of our personality. These defenses help us form attachment patterns. If we formed negative ideas about ourselves as children, it’s likely that our attachment patterns didn’t become the healthiest examples of relationships.
If you felt like it was on you to take care of people as a child, it’s likely that you’ll be more attracted to people who you need to “fix” or “save.” If you felt neglected

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.856915
Retrieved Text: Wading through the trials and tribulations of love and heartbreak, Ben Platt’s debut album “Sing To Me Instead” confronts the difficult feelings that a person goes through when he or she cannot decide whether to be with the one they love or to let that part of their life go.
A majority of the album feels as though it is telling a cohesive love story that has gone through countless hardships, but has also seen its fair share of love and commitment. The song “Bad Habit” explores these ideas to open the album, as Platt sings about his days of feeling alone and how he felt the most comfortable with his former love. He asks if they would be willing to provide the sense of comfort he’s searching for by asking “Can you help me out / Can I lean on you?” He acknowledges that this is a bad idea in the line before, but it comes off as that he doesn’t know where else to go because he has so much trust in that person.
The song that follows is “Ease My Mind” and acts as though it is coupled with “Bad Habit” because it has the same overarching theme of finding the one whom they find comfort in, but “Ease My Mind” addresses insecurities of the singer, who is willing to accept the fact that someone they no longer have in their life is the one who makes them happiest. When comparing the two songs, I enjoyed the lyrics and tone to “Bad Habit” because it

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.75405
Retrieved Text: It took letting my thoughts destroy my life, to learn how to use my thoughts to improve my life. Mental health is something that is very rarely talked about. It’s looked at as this big secret thing that everyone has, but no one dares to speak about.
Truthfully, it seems completely outlandish how the things that shape every single aspect of our lives — our minds, our thoughts, our emotions — are not openly talked about. I never talked about my mental health, though I was dying inside. I felt hopeless. I felt weak. I felt like giving up. And I told no one. For over 20 years, I kept everything inside. Looking back, I’d do anything to seek help earlier and get so much of my life back. A couple years ago if you told me I would be a happy and successful woman my stomach would probably churn with the thought. there is no way I’d ever amount to anything and would live my life going through the motions, completely numb.
Remembering who I once was, I now realize the importance of self-love I had none. I hated everything about myself. Now, however, I will never let any negative thought I have about myself take away from the true quality person I am. A few years ago I sat in my room crying, begging for relief from this mental warfare. During quite honestly the lowest point of my life, I had a soft, subtle, and weary triumph. I knew that I did not want to spend

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.750631
Retrieved Text: As any good storyteller knows, people have a lot of faith in fictional heroes and their ability to beat all odds. In fact, without this enthusiastic trust in characters, popular stories such as Star Wars, Cinderella or Slumdog Millionaire simply wouldn’t work. But what’s the mechanism behind this powerful belief in others?
When I started thinking about this, my hunch was that it could be a type of “vicarious optimism” that we feel for other people. This idea clashes with our current understanding of optimism as a self-centered phenomenon: I believe that good things will happen to me, not you. But my colleagues and I felt that psychologists may have been missing something. We set up a series of experiments to test how far reaching optimism really is.
Readers of fiction need to disregard bad news about the heroes of the story and trust good news in order to believe in a happy ending. This is similar to what people do for themselves. Research has shown that in order to remain optimistic about their own future, people dismiss bad news (things might be worse than expected) and readily incorporate good news (things might be better than expected).
Yet, research also tells us that we do not only care about the future outcomes of ourselves, but also those of others, even strangers. We also know that people have the capability to experience vicarious emotions in response to other people’s successes and misfortunes. So maybe the feeling of optimism could also extend to others?
To find out, we started by examining if

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.73149
Retrieved Text: Have you ever had that moment in your life when, you're in a terrible mood and something completely random makes your day? It could be something not many others, may notice. A butterfly, a hug, a piece of cake..it could be anything! I had one of those moments today and I feel like I've had some sort of epiphany. Do you want to know what caused it? An old man playing the bongos in Grand Theft Auto.
I noticed that little random things during the day, made me really happy and for the first time in a long while, I started to appreciate the life I have and stopped wishing for "something better". Little things like, robbing GTA stores with a friend or having someone listen to my problem, instead of me listening to theirs. And we finally get to the epiphany I had; less really is more. In fairness, I should have had this epiphany a long time ago. I went through a rich phase and I didn't know what to do with myself. I always told myself that money was important but, come to think of it, it was never something I really wanted. Ever.
I wouldn't consider myself to be a selfish person. Feel free to disagree but, I think it's one of my best qualities. I treat my friends to gifts, when I can, and I've done my fair share of charity and voluntary work, in the past. Always because, I thought of myself as a bad person and I had to redeem myself,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.653824
Retrieved Text: The “nature versus nurture” debate is one which families who’ve adopted are no doubt familiar with.
For one mum, it’s a debate which now comes with painful implications, as she admits she loves her biological daughter more than her adopted daughter.
Having known since the start of her relationship with her husband that they’d have a family via adoption, the unnamed woman from the US then unexpectedly fell pregnant.
“A year into our marriage I got pregnant with our daughter June,” she reveals on Reddit .
“It was unplanned, but we were financially stable and wanted children anyway, so we were both excited to become parents.
When June was 2, we adopted a baby girl, Charlie.
Despite this, the mum admits there was still a feeling of being slightly disconnected from Charlie.
Following a hear-to-heart with her husband, it turned out he felt the same.
The mum goes on to say all the advice she has come across states this is normal, and that time spent bonding would “fix it”.
While this is true of her husband’s relationship with Charlie, she reveals “3 years later, my feelings have not changed.
In many instances, behavioural issues inhibit bonding, but this is not the case.
“She is a wonderful little girl, who is, in many ways, more well-behaved than her sister who is 2 years older.
Don’t get me wrong, I absolutely love my adopted daughter.
While most people agreed the mum wasn’t a bad person as she feared, they did warn that her daughters may have already picked up on how she feels.
In particular, people who themselves were adopted warned

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.63613
Retrieved Text: I have zero energy these days. I also don't have any patience, which I find bothersome for me. Normally I am a very patient person but over the course of a few weeks I have found my patience button going bye-bye. I find myself snapping at Amari when he doesn't listen to me or do what I ask. It also doesn't help that he has learned a few potty mouth words (no thanks to my older brother who said a bad word when he dropped his Iphone around 4th of July, crappy shows that my husband watches on TV, and crap music on the radio). We tried spankings. It didn't work. We tried hot sauce or "spicy in the mouth" as Amari calls it, it also didn't work. He ended up spitting it out and getting it into one of his eyes on Tuesday night which was pure hell to deal with. Nothing like a screaming toddler crying out in pain while you try to rinse his eyeball out underneath the faucet, then the shower, and lastly the tub. Trevor Dear felt so terrible that he started crying, Amari was crying, and somehow I managed to hold it all together and tend to my sobbing little man even though I felt like everything was falling apart. I felt like a terrible mother then and still do now. Sometimes I can't help but wonder if I'm doing the job right. There are nights when I find myself praying to the Lord and begging him for more patience

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.60367
Retrieved Text: Pat Jameson has begun a corporate job with new co-workers and a new supervisor. Pat has finally caught a break after months of searching and landed a good job that pays a minimal base salary with a commission on each sale. Six months into the job and everything is going well. Pat is finally able to pay the bills on time and even save a little extra on the side. One day at work, Pat is approached by a supervisor, Terry, who makes a sexual advancement. Pat brushes it off and pays no attention, because this was only the first time. Unfortunately, over the next few months Terry, and other co-workers, continue to harass Pat by making inappropriate jokes and sexual advances. Although Pat attempts to pay them no attention, the advances persist to the point that it becomes a daily event. In an attempt to cease the harassment Pat approaches Terry, the co-workers, and the human resources department and asks for the harassment to stop. Terry, as punishment for Pat’s request, “relocates” all of Pat’s current customers and gives them to Pat’s co-workers. Over the following weeks the harassment increases to the point that Pat begins to have anxiety attacks, and Pat’s work performance slips due to the constant barrage of harassment. Terry then demotes Pat because Pat will not acquiesce to the advances, but says that the demotion is due to poor work performance. Pat receives a reduction in pay because of the demotion and is now struggling to pay rent or provide for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.596247
Retrieved Text: Do you really need to overcome envy? Here, I want to give you something that could be more useful the next time you’re feeling envious.
Envy is basically feeling sorrow about not having what somebody else has.
To wish something that we do not have can be considered as inherently human since everyone has felt envy at one point or another. However, since we understand that it’s frowned upon to go around saying that we have negative feelings toward others, instead of admitting we feel envious, we say things like “white envy” or that we have the “good kind of envy”, even though such phrases only accomplish to prevent the other person from imagining us poking our frustrations away at a voodoo doll with his or her shape.
“I don’t know what I want” and “I feel lost” are common complaints that can cause a great deal of stress. Yet, most of the time, at some level, we actually do know what we want and when we see it or hear it from somebody that is making it happen; we experience the unease of envy.
So, contrary to popular opinion, we should see envy as a light that shows us what we want. A light that lets us see desires we didn’t even know we had. To surprise ourselves yearning for something that somebody else has should not frighten us. We’d be better off recognizing it and using it as motivation to set our own goals and aspirations, or at least…to get to know ourselves better.
Popular opinion: Don’t be a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.59455
Retrieved Text: As you see in the title this is one of "those" posts... the real side of running, but we will get to that in a little bit first a little catch up.
Saturday -- My day started amazing when I got up to use the bathroom and saw a beautiful sunrise.
I mean how can you have a bad day when you get to see that?!
Here I am with the kids after we climbed the big tower and an adorable picture of my husband and kiddos. We hiked almost 6 miles and the kids did so amazing the whole time!
Sunday- We headed to church and after lunch we decided to head out again! We went to a different park and this one was still a little muddy but we still had fun and were able to bust out 3 miles!
Monday -- Spring break is over and the kids are off to school after 10 stay home days YAY! lol this mama was ready to have our routine back. I was able to have a great run even though my legs and heel were a little sore. Then I get this amazing message from a random person on Instagram...... "Hey! Can I just say how much I love your page?! I recently came across it and you've really motivated me to start running again. When I first started my Instagram I only did it to help motivate myself and I found people like you by going through the hashtags and tried to connect with as many as I could.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.592354
Retrieved Text: Coming home has always been one of my favorite feelings. I love the mountains I grew up in, I love the people that love me here, and I love the way everything goes the way I expect it to. Coming home from Brazil felt no different. I was greeted by people I loved, places I’d missed and customs I was used to. However; I felt different, I like to think a little bit bigger and a tiny bit smarter. This feeling has me reflecting back on my time in Brazil a lot lately. I’ve been thinking about the experiences and people and good times and bad times that made me the person I am today. As happy as I was to come, I’ve been missing Brazil and all the gifts it gave me in a very intense way. For my capstone project for GCY, I created a video, which compiled one-second videos I took almost everyday of my 9 months in Brazil into a longer video. (This video is posted in my previous blog post!). Looking back at this video as I close this chapter of my life has me feeling very grateful for my program, host family, friends, fellow GCY kids, the Portuguese language, the community of Garopaba and the country of Brazil. I know I will carry this experience with me for the rest of my life, and I am a better person for it.
Thank you for sharing pieces of this journey with me!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.54542
Retrieved Text: Who has not at one point in time felt that their little boy was the most destructive person in their household. Here is the perfect shirt for your little destruction foreman. The softness of the material will make it as much of a favorite as the message it conveys.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.508362
Retrieved Text: Today was our first day in Guatemala. Already I feel a warm spot in my heart opening up to embrace this place! I must admit though, that I was finally able to name the fear that has been lurking behind all the excitement and euphoria of the last 12 days, and that fear is the fear of loneliness. It seemed like a very real possibility as I sat on the curb today while the other fellows walked around Antigua’s only supermarket looking for shampoo… I felt a barrier from the fact that I am a “gringo” and will never really be able to fit in & a barrier from the fact that the side of me I can and do express in English and to my American friends is not quite the same person who can be expressed here in Guatemala.
Tomorrow we will be going to meet our homestay families. What I know right now is that my family has a stay at home mom, a father who is a farmer, 3 children, 2 birds, and 2 dogs (1 is a dalmation and 1 is a french poodle! just like my little pfeffernusse at home! oh my gosh!!) and they go to church every Sunday. Luis assures me that they will adopt me as their own from the get-go, and I’m sure that will help to ward off the big bad lonely.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.491837
Retrieved Text: My boyfriend and I have been together for almost four years now. I have struggled with my weight all of my life. I’m not obese, but I’m definitely overweight. John was once homeless in Arizona, where he ate very little and was underweight. He also suffers from body dysmorphic disorder where he sees himself as pretty much a monster. I don’t see this. I think that no matter what he looks like, he is beautiful and I will always love him. He has expressed to me how unhappy he is with his weight now. We have been working on it by working out and eating better, but after we both got off work tonight we broke down and ordered pizza because neither of us felt like cooking. Now I’m feeling disgusting and unhappy with myself, which is where this poem came from.
I have had a pretty bad fear of cotton balls ever since I could remember. I remember getting ear infections and getting my ears stuffed with cotton balls. I remember getting an abcess on my back and having to have that stuffed with cotton to keep it open, as it got a staff infection. I believe that this is what really set me off. Even now, writing this all down, I have to do my cotton ball compulsion of flicking all of my fingernails until I am absolutely sure that they don’t have cotton stuffed under them. There was even a Maury episode (link here) of a lady who was afraid of cotton balls. Everyone

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.461103
Retrieved Text: Workplace bullying examples: Lorraine drove me to quit my job.
I was 30 years old when I first experienced bullying in the workplace. I didn’t realise it immediately and it took several months for me to unravel what for the most part, felt like a bad mood swing.
When I first started working with Lorraine* I thought we got along great. I’d heard she could be a handful, but given our similarities, I figured I could handle it, she can’t be that bad surely.
After working with Lorraine for a year, I started to feel a little more down than usual. I started to feel more anxious at work and depressed in general. It wasn’t until our senior management emailed out an employee handbook with the bullying policy within, that I understood what had been going on. It all started to make sense as to why I was feeling so low, and honestly, I felt elated so have found a cause for how I was feeling – I was being bullied.
Workplace bullying can be defined as repeated malicious behaviour that undermines, intimidates or denigrates a co-worker.
The signs were gradual over time, I guess I thought nothing of them until I started writing down what I was feeling. If I could go back, I would have done this sooner, this was one of the first things I should have started doing but didn’t – documenting.
The signs for me were mostly feeling anxious around Lorraine, tip toeing around her, nervous to include her in email’s for fear of her negative comments,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.459728
Retrieved Text: It’s embarrassing really… Every time I walk into a room, I get assaulted with masses and masses of appreciation. People commonly go out of their way to tell me how important I am and how much I mean to society. Streamers fall, confetti flies and sometimes, I think people are overdoing it a little.
If this is your experience, stop reading this right now. Go write a book and tell the rest of us your secrets.
If this is not your experience, you may be a person who feels the same way about appreciation that John D. Rockefeller felt about money.
No matter how much appreciation I get, I am always willing to take a little more. I imagine you are like me and so are the people we interact with every day.
If I would like more appreciation, and you would like more appreciation, maybe (just maybe) the people around us would appreciate a little more appreciation. So, here are some tips.
1.) Appreciation for what someone has.
2.) Appreciation for what someone has done.
Awesome job on that project!
3.) Appreciation for who someone is.
I’ve found that any of these forms of appreciation are nice but only go so far until you prove it.
Most people get so little appreciation that when they do get it, their first thought is, “I wonder what they want from me”. If you want people to receive appreciation in a positive way, tell them something about who they are and back it up with something they’ve done.
Mark, You are kind. I say that because of how you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.44903
Retrieved Text: So today my heart was paining a bit , from some bad things happening and some other things on my mind. I was just saying , please Lord you do the right thing. But that's when I saw this message from @mariannewest saying , if I have time , I should check this post. And I did. And I feel that post was an amazing post and I feel like I should participate in this contest just now itself. Hehe.
My current relationship with God , wow this is something I'm so happy and grateful for. Because all these years I never valued myself , I never felt like living , I felt so ugly and worthless , but knowing god and becoming more and more closer to him , helped me really see the truth and not all that lies anymore. My eyes were opened and I felt that is the best feeling I have ever felt.
My family , no matter how tough it gets , I'm glad that my family is my family . I know sometimes I have to sacrifice alot more for them , but they wouldn't even know that. And I'm fine with that. Again , I feel so glad that my parents raised me with a lot of ethics and equality.
For meeting @lildebbiecakes because she always makes sure she helps me out with her messages and drawing and everything. She is such a nice and kind hearted person. And her husband , brother Rick too. I'm so thankful for them in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.431276
Retrieved Text: I have known I was going to vote for Obama, well honestly for about 4 years now. I have not been pleased with everything he has done but I felt he was far better than the other option. The last few months I have been annoyed with all of the telephone calls, yard signs (mostly the giant yellow tea party signs stating some pretty outlandish stuff) facebook posts, etc. I figured we all know who we are voting for, none of these things make a difference and honestly they are just annoying. Well, on the way to our polling place to vote for Obama, I was telling a little made up story about our candidates. I cast Romney as the Big Bad Wolf, Obama as the Sneaky Sneaky Fox and Jill Stein as the Silly Goose (sorry to the rest of the independents but you did not make it into my tale). As I was telling my children my story, it dawned on me, why am I voting for "less bad" instead of voting for someone who actually does stand for the things that are important to me. Of course the Green Party isn't going to win, but perhaps because so many of us that do share the same values often vote for "less bad" in fear of the other person winning, some of our other choices aren't taken seriously. It only takes 5% votes to give these other options a chance. I live in Virginia and it is going to be a really close race

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.412003
Retrieved Text: In every group of people having a conversation, there is always one oversabi (Miss Gidi 2014) . In case you didn’t know, an oversabi is a person who feels the need to act like they know it all, so it’s no surprise that they are also called ‘I too know’, ‘ITK’ or ‘know it all’ if you choose to go the posh way. What’s annoying about oversabis is that true to their titles they assume to know everything even in situations where they obviously have no experience.
Over the weekend, I ‘somehow’ found myself in a group of older ladies having a conversation on being career wives and mothers; the ‘somehow’ part is that I went to a different salon from my usual and soon realised that the top customers in this salon happened to be married women which is very different from what I am used to but that’s not the point of this post. I listened to them talk about having kids, taking care of the home and also finding time to look hot because there is competition that they have to keep up with a.k.a hungry single women. What amazed me though was one lady who had an opinion and unsolicited advice for every topic raised.
I listened to her tell the other ladies how to treat their husbands, splitting home chores, training children the right way and at some point, she was advising a woman who had been married for 30 years on how to handle her marital home. As in, O ghel was

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.38036
Retrieved Text: I call him Scratch. Everybody has a Scratch but I dont know what they call theirs. Scratches can be strong and have a crippling, unyielding hold on their person or they can be weak and vague like a Greenfly crawling on your arm.
Like I said before everybody has a Scratch but what their own Scratches perfer completely depends on their person's preferances. Some Scratches perfer something as simple as fried food or chocolate. Whereas others require something more stimulating such as skydiving or bungee jumping.
A Scratch is born when a person finds something they like and feel it is essential to satisfy the craving.
Sometimes I can see Scratch. Now i don't mean other people can see him, just me. When I look in the mirror I see my pale, gaunt, bony face and then Scratch will peek out from my ear or just behind my neck. Scratch is a little black creature who is like the shape of a kidney bean and about the height of my thumb. He has very thin, lanky limbs and his eyes are little white dots that seem to glow. To anybody else Scratch would appear quite cute and perhaps comical, but to me it's a very bad sign. You see when Scratch shows up it means he feels deprived and must be satisfied. I try to ignore him and just get on with it. Bad idea.
Suddenly, he's twigged it and climbs into my ear. I wait and sure enough about half a second later that headache I'd felt for a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.370241
Retrieved Text: I started to bring a little night shift pouch with me to work because at times I had felt untidy or just gross – working in a hospital can easily do this to you especially being awake for so long.
I found keeping these simple items in a pouch enabled me to freshen up whenever I felt the need too. I used to only pack it for night shifts however now I just keep it in my work backpack all the time just in case.
On a night shift I like to clean my teeth if I am feeling extra sleepy and before shift handover, it makes me feel some what normal again.
If my shift has been particularly stressful I tend to get the cold sweats and feel clammy so on a break I give my underarms a freshen up with the baby wipes then reapply deodorant – TA-DA fresh as a daisy!
I can confidently say I have never been that person who ‘smelt bad’ I just like to make myself feel fresh and normal if the day has been seriously hectic with adrenaline constantly pumping. Also don’t get me wrong sometimes I don’t even have time for it and my break will be scoffing as much food into my gob as possible hoping the arrest button DOES NOT alarm while scoffing said food into gob while trying to have a break.
Anywho this ain’t no beauty blog!
If I have a long set of nights I also pack my travel pillow (ya know the aeroplane wrap around your neck

================



======= Instance Index 26970 =========
Input Text: Context: Austin made the turn quickly.

Question: What does Austin need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: not get into an accident

B: avoid the car

C: needed to talk to his teacher

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.244255
Retrieved Text: Nonye Hair Braiding Austin, Tx 1921 Cedar Bend Dr Austin Tx 78758 Regarding Updos For Senegalese Twists Uploaded by Reese Heathcote on Friday, September 16th, 2016 in category Twist.
See also 29 Senegalese Twist Hairstyles For Black Women | Stayglam Within Updos For Senegalese Twists from Twist Topic.
Here we have another image Senegalese Twists – 20 Ways To Turn Heads Quickly – Fashion Euro For Updos For Senegalese Twists featured under Nonye Hair Braiding Austin, Tx 1921 Cedar Bend Dr Austin Tx 78758 Regarding Updos For Senegalese Twists. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Nonye Hair Braiding Austin, Tx 1921 Cedar Bend Dr Austin Tx 78758 Regarding Updos For Senegalese Twists.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.699976
Retrieved Text: Major League Baseball’s most intense rivalry has bad blood again. On Wednesday night at Fenway Park the benches cleared on two occasions in a game between the Boston Red Sox and visiting New York Yankees, with Tyler Austin the Yankees designated hitter the center of attention in both incidents.
The second incident, in which the Yankees DH was hit by a pitch, punches and shoving took place. After the game, Austin told reporters that once he was hit by a pitch, things were going to happen.
This storied rivalry has seen several fights over the years, but this one on Wednesday, in a game that New York won 10-7, included the new generation of players like New York’s tall slugger Aaron Judge, who hauled off a pitcher for the Red Sox in a headlock and Austin punching an assistant coach for the Red Sox.
The problems started during the third inning. Austin was at first base and a bunt was made by Tyler Wade and Austin ran to second where he slid into Brock Holt the Red Sox shortstop, who did not appreciate what he considered a late slide.
After Austin was called out, he and Holt start yelling at one another and players from each dugout and bullpen raced onto the field. Holt said Austin’s slide was late and with his spikes up, Austin disagrees calling his slide clean.
That incident was quickly settled and the game returned to play but four innings later things turn for the worse, when Austin was hit by a Joe Kelly 97-mph fast ball

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.681234
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Stitch Texas. We are a clothing and sewn product design, development and production company based in Austin, TX. Watch the short video above to learn more about how Stitch Texas helps our clients start their own clothing lines and take their fashion concepts from the idea stage to apparel production.
Starting a clothing line? Growing a clothing line? We can take you from concept to production-ready with as little pain as possible. We leverage our years of experience manufacturing in the USA to move you through this process quickly, efficiently, affordably, and well.
A tech pack is the recipe that will get your product made right. It's everything your contractors will need to know during the production process, from fabrics to construction details. We walk you through the process so that you gain a deep understanding of your product. Don’t worry if you don’t have one, we’ll make it for you!
Accepting production orders now! Texas is a pretty great place to get stuff made. It's true! We like to think of it as the Third Coast of apparel production, nipping at the heels of New York and LA. We can take you from concept through production, all under one roof, right here in Austin, Texas.
We are proud to be a US-based clothing manufacturer, offering made-in-America fashion and apparel with all in-house products manufactured right here at our Austin, Texas headquarters.
Stitch Texas serves emerging and existing clothing designers who want to take an idea from concept to production in the apparel industry.
We have helped hundreds of clients

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.340614
Retrieved Text: Our sixth unboxing is Vanessa Kensington from series two of the Austin Powers action figures made by McFarlane Toys in 1999. Vanessa Kensington was the daughter of Marie Kensington, Austin's partner from the 1960s. Born on 10 June 1970, she was among the secret agents that welcomed the thawed Austin Powers to the 1990s. She was initially disgusted by Austin's politically incorrect, womanizing attitude, but soon warms to his good nature and falls in love with him. At the end of the film, she and Austin marry and are shown in their honeymoon suite. Her weapon of choice is a Desert Eagle.
In the second Austin Powers film, Kensington is quickly revealed as a fembot. This is first realized by Austin when she malfunctions under the influence of a television remote control. Seemingly under the control of Dr. Evil, she self-destructs shortly afterward. Austin briefly grieves, but quickly gets over it.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.298922
Retrieved Text: When you find yourself ready to make an Austin commercial real estate investment, shop around to find a reliable source for financing. Most people immediately think of a bank, credit union or other financial institution — but you have other options.
Larry the Lender is a leader in hard money loans, helping you make your commercial real estate investment in Austin TX and beyond. Real estate investment professionals often need to move quickly and have cash on hand. A traditional loan with the bank or credit union does not move along quickly.
Speed: We can approve commercial real estate loans in Austin TX in as little as a couple days. We handle the approval process in house and we lend our own money to clients. Larry the Lender takes into consideration the value of your property and uses it as collateral to furnish you with the appropriate financial resources.
Ease: You’re also a lot less likely to be turned down for this type of loan, which could stall your Austin commercial real estate investment. Instead of analyzing your credit and scrutinizing your worthiness for a loan, we use the value of your property as one of the sole indicators. You can have dinged up credit and still quality for a loan.
What is your commercial real estate investment in Austin TX? Are you flipping a house? Are you purchasing and remodeling a retail center? Do you want to acquire an office complex? As long as the property does not serve as your primary residence, we have a loan program that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.164717
Retrieved Text: AAMCO of Central / Downtown Austin can provide you with all of the auto repair and maintenance services your vehicle requires from oil changes to engines and more.
Here at AAMCO of Central / Downtown Austin, Auto Repair is our middle name. Our auto service and repair specialists will ensure that your car is safely back on the road as soon as possible.
As one of the leading auto service repair facilities in the area, each expert mechanic at AAMCO of Central / Downtown Austin understands that getting any auto repair makes most people nervous and skeptical. At our center, nothing is more important than your safety and satisfaction. That is why from brakes to engine repair to transmissions and beyond, you will feel confident knowing that AAMCO of Central / Downtown Austin offers the best quality auto repair service you can get for your car at a reasonable price.
So the next time you find yourself in need of an auto repair shop, turn to AAMCO of Central / Downtown Austin, also serving the surrounding area. Our experts will get you back on the road quickly.
Whether it's simply car maintenance or major auto repair, AAMCO of Central / Downtown Austin can take care of it all.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.94985
Retrieved Text: water jet cut aluminum plate - MT Mill Machine Group.
Material thickness. ... Note that water pump horsepower will speed up how quickly thicker material can be cut, ... This block was cut from 8″ (20 cm) aluminum .
Waterjet Cutting Services - Austin, TX - Austin Waterjet, Inc.
With a state-of-the-art facility dedicated to Water Jet Cut, ... Laser Cutting. Laser Cutting will cut Aluminum, ... 2024 and 6061-T6 Aluminum sheets, plate and bar.
Located in the San Jose Bay Area BT Laser & Manufacturing provides custom design, sheet metal fabrication, manufacturing, quick turn around precision laser cutting, laser water cutting, and water jet services.
IRC is one of the few independent non-ferrous metal distributors left in the Northwest; and one of the only distributors who offers cutting services on a production level.
Water jet-cut aluminum plate and brushed metal vinyl. Shipping calculated at checkout. ... The Retro Shift Plates are made by me, Adam of revlimiter LLC.
IRC Aluminum & Stainless Steel Waterjet Cutting Systems image Gallery.
Water Jet Cutting Services - Campo Sheet Metal Works Inc.
Metals Depot® Water Jet Cutting produces near finished parts with a superior edge ... with an excellent square edged quality from 1/4" to 12" thick in aluminum plate.
Big Blue Saw makes it easy to turn your designs into real ... We work with another local water jetter ... I sent away for the parts to be cut out of Aluminum 6061.
What is the best value – plasma, laser, ... which can be reduced by cutting under-water. ... stainless steel, and aluminum.
Cut Aluminum. KMT Waterjet Machines for

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.69138
Retrieved Text: WWE’s NXT UK brand is recording a set of television shows today. You can get all of those spoilers here.
On that note, if you’re not a fan of spoilers, turn back now because this article contains a big one.
Lana Austin was one of the hottest indie stars in the UK and now she’s NXT UK. Austin made her in-ring television debut during the tapings on Sunday.
She faced Nina Samuels and the crowd was said to be very in to this confrontation. In the end, Austin lost the match, but it was said she made a very good first impression.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.60017
Retrieved Text: Curious about the best way to sell your lot in Austin? We are here to help you! We can help you turn your vacant land into cash today! Learn more about how to sell your lot or land in Austin in our latest blog post!
Selling land is a lot different than selling a house. The market is typically slower as fewer people are looking for land. It requires an entirely different strategy as well as a fair amount of patience. You can look for a professional land buyer such as REALTRON to quickly take the land off your hands for a fair price, you could try to sell it on your own, or you could work with an agent to try to do it for you. The problem with working with an agent is that most of them are focused on buying and selling homes. Land is a whole different ballgame that requires a unique approach in order to sell for the price you want, in the timeframe you want. Keep reading to learn more about your different selling options for your land in the Austin area.
When you work with a professional buyer such as REALTRON, you can expect a simple and easy transaction. Of course, not all buyers are the same, but typically the process is done and over within only a couple of weeks tops. We will handle the paperwork, deal with the title company and make sure everything is done correctly. When you sell this way you won’t have to worry about marketing,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.466219
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of the year again — when Austin Water uses your end-of-the-year behavior to figure out just what to charge customers in its annual wastewater averaging cycle. In case you didn’t know how it worked — Austin Water calculates wastewater costs based on the amount of water used during three consecutive billing periods that occur between mid-November and mid-March. Because less outside water is used during these months, it’s a good measure of the volume sent to the wastewater system.
Do this: See if Austin Water’s Water Reclaim program is right for you and your household.
Not this: Because as much as we love our pets here in Austin, this is taking reclaiming water just a bit too far.
Do this: Turn off the water while shaving, brushing your teeth, etc. And make sure to fix leaky faucets quickly.
Not this: As cute as this guy is, this is probably not the most effective way to collect or conserve water.
Do this: Turn off your irrigation system for the fall and winter months.
Not this: And though it breaks our hearts to say it, this is probably not the best time of the year to spray water all over a random baby rhino in your yard (I know, we’re monsters).
Do this: Install a rain barrel or rainwater harvesting system to capture rainwater from your roof for use on your landscape. Rebates may be available from Austin Water.
Not this: Definitely none of this. No matter how many friends you think it will help you gain.
Do this: Use one glass for drinking

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.255106
Retrieved Text: Carters Transmission and Engine repair is a leading auto repair shop in Austin for the service, replacement, and repair of auto engines. The team of mechanics at our Austin engine repair shop appreciate and understand that the engine is the very heart of your car or truck. The very purpose an auto engine is to convert the heat produced by burning gasoline into the mechanical energy necessary to turn the wheels of your vehicle and get you around the streets of Austin. The starter in your car or truck is what sets the engine in motion. The starter is connected to and turns the engine flywheel, which in turn sets the engine crank shaft in motion. The crank shaft then begins the process of moving the engine’s pistons up and down in their respective cylinders. The engine itself is made up of two parts, the upper part being called the cylinder head, the lower part being called the cylinder block.
The goal of our Austin automotive center is to keep the engine in your automobile in top performance condition. Our staff of auto technicians are professionally trained and certified in every aspect of auto engine repair and maintenance. From overhauls to tune ups, engine troubleshooting, timing adjustments, performance and diesel engine repair, engine rebuild and replacement service, our Austin engine repair shop does it all.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.218756
Retrieved Text: Casey's car was fast out of the gate. Fast time went to Casey with a time of 17.602 seconds. John qualified p10 with a time of 17.885 seconds. Casey finished p2 in Heat #2 while John finished p3 after battling with Johnny Sauter in Heat #3.
Starting the current points leader of the 2018 NASCAR CAMPING WORLD TRUCK SERIES on the pole of the 50 lap feature at MIS made for a difficult race for all competitors to pull off a win. Johnny Sauter dashed ahead of the pack quickly. An early caution happened when Casey Johnson spun in turn 1 of the 5th lap. The officials did not see anyone give him any help and no competitor tapped out.
Casey restarted from the back and moved quickly back through the field. John Beale finished in 7th place just behind Casey Johnson in 6th. The feature was won by Johnny Sauter followed by Austin Nason, Paul Schafer Jr, Chris Weinkauf, and Jason Weinkauf.
The shop is full of cars as we prepare for the next week of testing and racing. Casey Johnson will be racing at Wisconsin International Raceway on Thursday. John Beale and Casey will return to the track on Saturday at Marshfield Motor Speedway for the TUNDRA Super Late Models Race #2.
Photos by TJ Harron. Get access to all your photos for $100 for the Season.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.179878
Retrieved Text: A sometimes updated podcast about pop culture in central Texas.
TexasGeek.tv is proud to present episode 44 of The MIGHTY SABO...and SON! podcast. The show's host Lee Duhig and his usual cast of comic book artists are joined by Tyler Stout. Over the past year Tyler has quickly made a name for himself specializing in creating artwork for movie posters (Hell Ride) and album covers (Flight of the Concords).
The Alamo Sing-Along host Henri Mazza provided some critical backup to IFC News' Matt Singer during the Fantastic Fest 2008 Karaoke Party at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Austin, TX.
Click on "square" icon to go full screen.
One of the titan performers during the Fantastic Fest 2008 Karaoke Party was Michael Lerman, once again ripping up the stage at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Austin, TX.
What started out as a solo, quickly became a duo and almost turned into a duel during the Fantastic Fest 2008 Karaoke Party at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Austin, TX.
Coming off of three awards (including Best Picture) from Fantastic Fest 2007, Spanish director Nacho Vigalondo decided to relieve some pressure during the Fantastic Fest 2008 Karaoke Party at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Austin, TX.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.146141
Retrieved Text: Josh Papalii concedes coach Ricky Stuart made the right decision to drop back him to reserve grade as Canberra try to turn their season around.
Papalii and playmaker Blake Austin were the men made to pay for the Raiders&apos; worst start to a season in 21 years, dropped back this month to play for Mounties in the NSW Cup.
Both are back in the Raiders&apos; first-grade side after respective one-week absences, Austin courtesy of an injury to Sam Williams and Papalii following a recall against Parramatta last week.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.87487
Retrieved Text: MONDAY (adapted from his award-winning short film of the same name) is the $7000 action-comedy feature film written and directed by Albuquerque, NM filmmaker, ALEJANDRO MONTOYA MARIN.
Jim (Jamie H. Jung) is a pothead slacker who starts his Monday by losing both his job and his girlfriend (Bonnie Gayle). Thinking that he’s hit rock bottom, Jim quickly realizes that his problems are just beginning. He soon finds himself wrapped up in a turf war with rival drug cartels and has to outrun a pair of hitwomen (Anna Schatte, Sofia Embid) who turn their sights onto him. With his best friend, Paul (Kenneth McGlothin), Jim attempts to get his life back on track and stay alive in the process.
Shot in only 14 days for a budget of only $7000, MONDAY is a part of the documentary television series, REBEL WITHOUT A CREW: THE SERIES. With an incredible soundtrack featuring SLEIGH BELLS, THE BLACK KIDS, HARLEM, MOTHER FEATHER, and more, Montoya Marin stretched his $7000 budget to the limit and created a film that far exceeds its budget. MONDAY is made its World Premiere at the 2018 SOUTH BY SOUTHWEST FESTIVAL (SXSW) in Austin, TX.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.834845
Retrieved Text: Join us in Austin, Texas for the inaugural American Timepiece Horological Fair when we bring Horological Brands to America for you to experience.
Born from the passion of a serious watch collector in Austin, DuFrane Watches launched in 2016. The watch designs are sophisticated with a certain finesse that adds character and charm. Each of their watches are inspired by local spots in Austin, like the Barton Springs swimming pool and Bergstrom airport.
Customize your Swiss watch with luxury leather and rubber straps made to fit your timepiece.
Tockr's motto "born in Austin and Made in Switzerland" pretty much sums it up. Austin based Tockr watches are designed in Austin with inspiration from aviation and manufactured in Switzerland. They have been around for about a year and it looks like they are here to stay. Come see them at American Timepiece Austin.
Featuring cases, dials, and hands made in the United States and Swiss movements, for Schon Horology the watch is about the process as much as anything.
Visitor Watch Co offers unexpected designs with unexpected details at an unexpected value. Visitor watches all have unique designs.
Ocean Crawler is an American watchmaking company based in Rochester, New York, which specializes in self-winding and automatic mechanical watches. The designs have aesthetics that express nostalgic sophistication, but are built for contemporary adventurists with an active lifestyle.
Colorado Based Vortic Watch Co. uses 3D printing technology as well as traditional machining to make cases to house vintage American pocket watch movements.
Schmutz watches are about the art. Featuring original works of art and limited edition prints

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.698103
Retrieved Text: Austin, founding owner of Hedley Homes, Keller Williams Realty, based in the Chicago/Suburbs area is a 6-year real estate industry veteran and has assisted many in selling and purchasing of homes in the Chicago land area.
Austin is a consistent leader with a reputation for tenaciously protecting his clients' interests. Savvy negotiations and cutting-edge marketing strategies join uncompromising integrity as the hallmarks of Austin's service. Austin is exceptionally well-respected in the Chicago Land area, not only for his unparalleled professional track record and high ethical standards but for being an honest, hard-working individual who does absolutely everything in his power to ensure his clients' success.
To ensure efficient, complete service for you, Austin's associates have been carefully selected from the very finest agents in the business to form an offering seamless assistance to you for every aspect of your home sale or purchase.
Austin Hedley helped this client sell the property below through FastExpert's partnership program.
Austin was efficient and sold my house quickly. I would recommend him to anyone selling or buying a house. He made sure everything went smoothly after I had moved out of state before my closing. Austin was great and we appreciate everything he did for us.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.631
Retrieved Text: Texas players met with the media on Tuesday night after practice to reflect on where the Longhorns stand at the midway point of the season. Here are two notes from Tuesday’s media availability.
At the halfway point of the season, the first under head coach Tom Herman, the Longhorns sit at 3–3 overall and 2–1 in the Big 12. Texas has had close losses against then-No. 4 USC in double overtime a month ago and then-No. 12 Oklahoma this past Saturday. A few plays in each of those games made the difference between Texas being 5–1 and 3–3.
Jefferson said that the Longhorns are close to turning the corner following the 29-24 loss to Oklahoma at the Cotton Bowl. On Tuesday, Jefferson and many other players shared that same message about Texas’ progress through six games.
If the Longhorns hope to turn the corner and start moving toward a more positive trajectory, they’ll have to start stringing together some wins. With No. 10 Oklahoma State coming to Austin on Saturday, Texas has another big test ahead of itself, facing a high-powered Cowboy offense led by senior quarterback Mason Rudolph.
Trailing 23-10 with under five minutes to play in the third quarter of Saturday’s Red River Showdown, one play in particular made heads turn and helped continue to build the tenacious reputation of freshman quarterback Sam Ehlinger.
Facing second and goal from the 1-yard line, Ehlinger handed the ball off to junior running back Chris Warren III, who then took on two Oklahoma defenders. Ehlinger quickly followed behind and thrust his body

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.626045
Retrieved Text: One of the biggest issues associated with aging is that a person usually doesn’t feel as energetic as they have in the past. They find that they are unable to participate in activities as they could when they were younger. By focusing on nutritional approaches to address and correct aging issues, we’ve seen the issues commonly associated with aging, reduce or turn around with our schedule of care.
Eating the right foods, which contain quality protein, vitamins, minerals and other nutrients does not mean you will necessarily absorb them. Under-production of Hydrochloric (stomach) acid due to stress and aging, or stomach acid suppressive therapies, along with a lack of enzymes, leads to mal-absorption of nutrients. One way this is evident is with a decline of muscle mass. Without addressing this, a person can become frail, which means they have inadequate muscle mass for their age. As we lose muscle mass, we begin to more easily accumulate fat since muscle is required to burn fat. Once the stomach’s acid production is returned to normal levels, and sufficient levels of enzymes are present, we can absorb our nutrients.
Optimal bone health means strong, flexible bones, not necessarily thicker bones, and is dependent upon good digestion, coupled with a variety of nutrients. Studies which include only calcium supplementation show mixed results in restoring healthy bone density. Since our bones require many nutrients, we obtain the best results when we supplement with all of these nutrients. Using a non-radiation, urinary assay to measure present bone loss, and the bone loss rate, we

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.510368
Retrieved Text: 1 Dental services and legend dental austin.
2 Development of dentistry and legend dental austin.
legend dental austin – this topic people are often interested in, because there are important reasons for this. Almost every person has experienced toothache in his life. In order to solve this problem, he always turned to the dentist.
Therefore, the services of a dentist are a necessary and even inevitable thing in our life. And so the legend dental austin is in such demand among people.
Dental services and legend dental austin.
There are many directions in dentistry. So, in the early and middle age, people basically turn to the dentist for dental treatment and sometimes for the removal of teeth. On average late and senile people tend to turn to the dentist for tooth extraction and prosthetics. Celebrities, for example, turn to the dentist for teeth whitening. So in dentistry there are many other different directions. And the legend dental austin is directly related to dental services.
Development of dentistry and legend dental austin.
Today, dentistry is actively developing. Development occurs in the methods of treatment used. Improved drugs used by dentists. The mechanisms and equipment used by dentists are actively modernized. And this, in turn, has an active influence on the development of the legend dental austin.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.478283
Retrieved Text: Whether you like to buy & install or fix & maintain garage doors in Austin, we are your go-to company. Experienced and well-trained, we make the most difficult project a breeze by paying attention to your needs, utilizing our knowledge, and hiring the best local technicians. The needs vary and so the garage door types, sizes, and brands. But let assure you that our expertise and commitment will exceed your expectations. Whenever you need a service provider or a sales pro, turn to us. We are the go-to garage door company you can always depend on.
If you have garage door problems, let us tackle them. We are at your service for same day garage doors repair in Austin, Texas. A pro comes out on the double to check the situation and do any repair needed to fix the problem. Well-equipped and fully trained, all pros count years of on the field experience. They can address any problem with any garage door type and brand.
From opener troubles to snapped cables and broken pulleys, leave all repairs to our garage door service company. We send techs quickly and ensure the quality of the service. The pros can replace parts, make adjustments, fix openers, balance the garage door, and do anything required to ensure high performance.
Turn to Garage Door Repair Austin TX for all sorts of services. We are not only here to help you during failures but also prevent problems with regular maintenance. Our company is an expert in conversions whether you want to convert springs, single to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.455275
Retrieved Text: AUSTIN, TX - MI7, an Austin-based medical intelligence services company announced that, in conjunction with several clients, it has deployed the Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR) standard at hospitals using non-FHIR enabled Electronic Medical Record (EMR) systems.
"MI7 clients install our product Q at a hospital or provider location and immediately interact with the EMR as if were FHIR-compliant." said Randall Baker, President of MI7. He added "We are excited about the Argonaut Project's approach and have joined them in using the JASON Task Force recommendations to deploy our software."
One key feature of Q is converting traditional HL7 messages to FHIR-compliant JSON. Installing Q allows application developers to connect their backend systems to operate within the JASON Task Force's recommended implementation of FHIR. This greatly accelerates the application developer's implementation time at their clients location. Q can cut a three month integration project down to a few minutes.
Q has integrated with dozens of the top EMRs which allows it to be a turnkey service for application developers. Companies that use Q can quickly turn on FHIR interfaces at hospitals around the country.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.407637
Retrieved Text: Posted on December 16, 2016 at 10:13 pm.
If you’re looking for Mexican restaurants in Austin, then don’t look further than ZTejas Southwestern Grill. We’re located in the heart of Downtown Austin, right on West 6th Street, with other locations at Avery Ranch and the Arboretum. ZTejas prides itself in developing delicious menus that your family will love!
Our historic 6th Street location in downtown Austin, Texas is where our story begins. We started by converting a turn-of-the-century Victorian house into a wonderful dining restaurant, preserving as much of its “Old Austin Character” as possible. Today, our cozy nooks and patios are part of the 6th Street legend.
We later opened our second location in the Arboretum area of North Austin. The Hill Country views from our climate-controlled patio at the second of our Mexican restaurants in Austin are almost as heavenly as the food. The tradition continued with our third Austin location at Avery Ranch. Enjoy the views of the fire pits and trees on one of our two patios while taking in the smell of the rotisserie.
Do you love fresh cornbread? ZTejas Cornbread is made fresh each hour of every day. Every bite will take your taste buds to a happy place. Through the years, many have told us that our cornbread is a life-changing experience. Yes, it’s just that delicious! Our tasty cornbread is made fresh at our 6th Street, Arboretum, and Avery Ranch locations.
At the end of the night, top your meal off with one of our signature drinks at any of our amazing bars,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.358925
Retrieved Text: Thursday, July 28th, 2016 at 11:25am.
Tuesday, July 26th, 2016 at 1:03pm.
Every year, thousands of University of Texas students scramble to find their dream student apartment. While many students choose to live on campus, many others prefer their own space. We've made a helpful list of can't-miss advice that will help you while searching for student apartments near UT.
Right off the bat, it's important to determine how much you're able and willing to spend on rent. As a general rule of thumb, it's recommended that no more than a third of your monthly living allowance be spent on rent and utilities. Keep this budget in mind when apartment searching, and try not to be tempted to spend more just because you've found a beautiful apartment.
Friday, July 15th, 2016 at 2:09pm.
With the Austin real estate market as hot as ever, we've taken a look at the top zip codes in Austin real estate. Whether it's thanks to beautiful lakeside properties, convenience to downtown, or top school systems, these zip codes are some of the trendiest in the city. Is your ideal neighborhood on the list?
The 78731 zip code prominently features the highly coveted north-central Austin neighborhood of Northwest Hills. This upscale, family-friendly neighborhood is a sight to be seen, with its charming wooded roads winding along hilltops that offer incredible views of the Texas Hill Country, Lake Austin, and the Bull Creek Preserve.
Wednesday, July 13th, 2016 at 2:19pm.
With Austin quickly becoming known as one of the country's biggest foodie destinations, we're seeing a major shift in dining trends.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.291533
Retrieved Text: With just a day or two left until Amplify Austin cranks the giving up to 11, your friendly neighborhood Gay Place has taken the liberty of compiling a list of a few LGBTQ-supporting faves.
The first link in each listing goes to each group's Amplify page. The end URL links directly to each homepage. We've listed alphabetically, but trust you to cruise through all the letters.
OK, pals: These nonprofits have made a longstanding commitment to bettering our community, LGBTQIA or otherwise. Thanks to Amplify Austin, we have a unique opportunity to partner with these folks and support all of their hard work. Time to turn it up.
Also, if you feel we've left off a crucial LGBTQ support group off this list, drop us a line at gayplace@austinchronicle.com.
Stay tuned to our Amplify Austin 2015 series at austinchronicle.com/daily for developing details on all things Amp'd.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.244408
Retrieved Text: Original Austin 12 exhaust is built in such a way that it causes excessive back pressure which does not allow the engine gasses to vacate quickly causing loss of performance and excessive fuel consumption. Most original exhaust systems are made of mild steel, which can deteriorate over time and when the time comes to replace it, the dealer replacement parts can cost anywhere into the thousands. We have the perfect solution for your Austin 12 , we can replace your existing exhaust system with a custom built bespoke T-304 grade stainless steel exhaust, which comes with lifetime warranty, we will only supply high quality branded Magnaflow and Profusion components and fabricate the exhaust for a perfect fit.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.214336
Retrieved Text: 6 pack outdoor stainless steel led solar power light. Solar ready patio covers alumacovers aluminum patio. Outdoor solar string lights help! stills home garden. Solar power white outdoor garden deck dock patio roof. Solar install norfolk va solar patio canopy convert solar. Kenroy home 60502 solar deck 5 light set, 4quot; x 4quot; x 3. Friday favorites starts with solar powered string lights.
Free standing patio umbrellas. 9 39 lighted patio umbrella lighted patio umbrellas solar. Patio table replacement glass patios : home decorating. Tabletop propane patio heater. Outdoor kitchen. Concrete stain and sealer patio makeover concrete exchange. Others: large concrete pavers for quickly create a patio. Building a paver patio part 2. Inexpensive patio cover ideas patio modern with ceiling. Modern outdoor furniture for beautiful patio traba homes. Big lots patio sets patio design ideas.
Austin#039;s best outdoor bars travel leisure. Solar powered 32 led lighted outdoor patio umbrella with. 34 essential austin patios near sxsw eater austin. Moonshine patio bar grill: austin restaurants review. Outdoor furniture ideas made with wood pallets pallet. 10 patio umbrella. Gemmy solar 48 count led umbrella lights lowe#039;s canada.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.201168
Retrieved Text: Cash for Homes in Austin Buyers – Will I Get A Fair Price?
Time and money are crucial factors when you are selling your home. If you need to sell your Austin house fast… there are local professional home buying companies who pay cash for homes in Austin Texas.
Let’s dive into how you can sell your local Austin house fast and get cash for your house in the process without having to list your house with a real estate agent, or wait months for it to sell.
How Do Cash For Homes in Austin Buyers Work?
Finding reputable local Austin house buyers who pay cash for homes in Austin can be a daunting task. However, with a little research, you can find that there are several investors out there looking to buy property for cash. Here are some of the things you should look at when you’re working with local cash home buyers (including our company, [company], we buy local Austin Texas houses fast).
And before you dive in below… if you’re not sure how the process of a cash buyer like Texas House Guy buying your local Austin house works… check out our “How it Works” page on this site and our FAQ.
Most often, local Austin house buyers like Texas House Guy, we’ll evaluate your house… determine what it’s worth if it’s fully fixed up… determine how much we’ll have to invest in repairing / renovating the property… how long it will take us… and of course we have to turn a small profit for our risk in buying

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.179281
Retrieved Text: When homeowners in Austin, Tx or Dallas Tx are looking for a pergola, Lattice or Arbor to accent their outdoor living space and provide refreshing shade they turn to the gifted designers and skilled building team from Chaparrel Construction. We bring the romance of the Mediterranean right into your back yard. With more than 30 years in the construction and renovation industry Doug Kurtz and his team of professionals have the knowledge, experience and dedication to masterfully design, craft and build the Pergola or outdoor structure that will compliment your Austin, Tx or Dallas, Tx home to perfection. They are designed and custom built specifically for you, not selected from 2-3 canned designs. This is Your Home, Your Outdoor Living Space, it should be made just for YOU!
To learn more about the Pergolas, Lattices, Arbors and other projects we can provide in Austin, Tx. and Dallas, Tx. please call 1.214.766.6865 or e-mail Chaparrel Construction through our contact page today.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.148256
Retrieved Text: EDU-TAINMENT I found myself paying little attention to what the president was saying when he had a news conference to comment on North Korea's alleged nuclear testing. Instead, I was riveted by the fact that there was a row of books on the White House mantle below the Gilbert Stuart portrait of George Washington. I strained my eyes trying to see what the titles were; did Dubya enjoy Valley of the Dolls perhaps? Or maybe Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus? I moved closer to the television and am almost sure I saw Nuc-u-lar War for Dummies, Malapropisms for a Modern Age, and How to Win Friends and Decimate Countries.
DOING THE BELMONT Walking into the "Best of Austin" award-winning Belmont with the Long Center's Cliff Redd, I quickly adjusted to the dim interiors, so there was no need to remove my ever-present sunglasses. The tufted green leather, dark wood with burnished accents, filtered light, and Dusty Springfield singing "The Look of Love" made me suddenly feel like Angie Dickinson wearing a tight, beaded cocktail sheath, on the arm of Peter Lawford, circa 1962. I wanted to samba across the floor while sipping on the Belmont's deadly mai tais. Brought to us by Matt Luckie and Daryl Kunik who, like twin alchemists, can turn junk metal into gold (Lucky Lounge, Uchi, Mercury Hall, Betsy's Bar, Hi-Lo, Red Fez, and the Lavaca Street Bar), the Belmont is just about the chicest place to go in town right now. The main dining room and bar are comfortable,

================



======= Instance Index 30025 =========
Input Text: Context: Alex started to run.

Question: What will Alex want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: started to run

B: alex started to kiss

C: alex sarted eat

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.261576
Retrieved Text: Kicking off the 2019 Winter X Games was Men’s Ski Superpipe. Aspen native, Alex Ferreira, was the athlete everyone had their eyes on. Coming off an amazing season last year, Alex has stayed consistent and has remained a major force in the Freeski world. After his second place finish at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang Alex won the Dew Tour this past December and came into X Games as a heavy hitter. Alex has previously racked up 2 bronze medals and a silver at the hometown event, but until this year he has never secured the gold.
Dropping into his first run of the night Alex laid down a beautiful run which set the tone of the competition and put him into first place, well ahead of anyone else in the event. Although Alex was in the lead throughout the entire competition he knew David Wise, Olympic gold medalist, could still over take him. On Alex’s third and final run he upped his first run’s score of a 90.33 to a 92.66. His flawless run started off with a right side double cork 1260 into a left double cork 1080, next he threw a switch 720, into a left side double cork 1260, he then ended his run with a massive double flatspin. This run was enough to provide Alex with the number one spot.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.447634
Retrieved Text: On January 13th we held a meet at Alex Parubchenko's Shop in Trenton, NJ.About 25 members were in attendance. After coffee and some small shop tours Alex started the meet with a little background chat about himself and the shop. He then started the demonstration off by forging a chain link about 6" wide and 12" long of 1" stock. Alex and his helper John Chobrda worked together with John striking as they bent, scarfed and welded the link. During the process Alex described the chain links he made from 2 3/4" stock for West Point to replicate the chain that was stretched across the Hudson during the Revolutionary War. We then took a short break with some members trying the small mechanical power hammer in the back room of the shop.Then Alex then resumed the demo by making a "blacksmiths knife", a small folding knife with a blade from an unknown, but hardenable stock and a handle from mild steel. Then we took a short break to run the "Iron in the Hat" and Alex resumed by demonstrating his method of heat treating the blade. It is always a pleasure visiting with Alex and John and we appreciate him opening his shop up to us.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.446589
Retrieved Text: ers in the United States. The company was the producers of quality sportswear, coordinates, and casual dress in California style. Llikewise, The Alex Colman company was one of the first, if not the first American manufacturer that was able to work direct with Japanese mills and not have to go through a converter. Alex Colman was known for their lovely, vivid prints and clothing for a casual lifestyle.
The Alex Colman company was founded in 1947 by Sade Colman and her husband Alex Colman who worked for L. Bamberger Co., Newark, New Jersey, Strawbridge and Clothier, Philadelphia, Pa and then the May Company in Los Angeles before he joined his wife to run the business.
Alex Colman was a family-run business, it was not only run by the husband and wife team of Sade and Alex, but their two (2) daughters also joined them. Blanche Lefton, the sister of Sade was the primary designer off and on for over 30 years. Like, Alex. Blanche Lefton had a retail background, working for various retail stores around the United States like, May Company Los Angeles, Meir & Frank in Portland, Oregon, Harris Company in San Bernadino and The White House in San Francisco.
The vivid and unique prints used by Alex Colman became their signature and set the standards. These prints were all designed by Blanche Lefton inspired by her many trips to France, Germany and Italy for ideas and inspiration, and then to Japan to work Alex Colman's exclusive patterns with the printers, Kanebo and Toyobo. Blanche was an expert

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.284403
Retrieved Text: As a young man he felt he was ready for the comic book industry. When he showed his sample drawings he was immediately hired on the spot. It was evident from the start that this young man had a talent unlike the run-of-the-mill artists at that time. His style was so unique that it got the attention of some of the editors here in the United States. Joe Orlando, an editor of DC comics, started sending him scripts long before meeting him in person in the Philippines in 1971. In 1976, Alex was invited to the San Diego Comic Convention to receive his Inkpot award.
Aside from doing a lot of work for DC comics and Marvel comics, he illustrated books published by Byron Preiss, who was a very good friend of his. It seemed like everybody wanted Alex to work for them. Jim Warren asked to have Alex draw for them and he was getting more work than he could handle. “But I loved it!” Alex recalls. In 1983, Alex moved to the U.S. permanently.
By the mid-eighties, aside from his work in the comic book industry, Alex started to do a lot of work for different animation companies like: Marvel Productions, TMS, Hanna-Barbera Studios and Sega for their video games. Between those years, he also contributed a lot to Disney’s production on Mulan, The Emperor’s New Groove, Atlantis, and Treasure Island. These days Alex spends most of his time painting.” I find it very relaxing without that dreaded “deadline”.
Alex Niño, who started out drawing stick figures

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.210655
Retrieved Text: The 2009 season was a season for the Yankees and their fans that came with a lot of hope but a lot of pressure at the same time. The team had went out and signed huge free agents like CC Sabathia, AJ Burnett and Mark Teixeira while acquiring the likes of Nick Swisher from the Chicago White Sox while their big-money star third baseman Alex Rodriguez started the season on the DL with a hip injury. Alex came back seemingly healthier than ever hitting a home run on the first pitch he saw this season and he ended up with 30 home runs and 100 RBI on the dot after a huge final game of the season.
Alex was riding high into the postseason as he looked to finally break out like a 13-year old boy and while the Yankees searched for the 27th World Series title in the franchise’s history. Alex finished the 2009 postseason with a .365 average, six home runs and 18 RBI but no home run may have been bigger than the one he hit on October 9th, 2009.
On this day against the Minnesota Twins the Yankees DH slugged a two-run home run late to tie the game, a game that the Yankees ultimately went on to win. Without that win the ALCS and eventually the World Series may never have come.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.610598
Retrieved Text: In the 15 years since Morgan Freeman starred in the first Alex Cross movie, Kiss the Girls, I’ve enjoyed quite a few James Patterson thrillers in films, books, and audiobooks. He knows how to keep you on the edge of your seat, whatever the medium. Alex Cross, Run, the 20th tale in the series, is no exception.
When I’m doing a lot of driving, I often choose Patterson audiobooks – they make the miles fly, but once I started this one, I kept the earbuds plugged in while fixing breakfast, walking the dogs, and even late at night. It wasn’t exactly pleasure that kept me listening. It often felt like drinking coffee when nervous.
There’s an amped up quality to Alex Cross, Run that couldn’t quite hide a formulaic quality, even though Patterson created much of the formula. Throw in enough serial killers – Alex Cross Run had three – and an author like Patterson will create plenty of tension, but I often felt manipulated. Every book tries to manipulate an audience; successful ones do it with subtlety. Here, elements like bad guy motives and family interludes felt somewhat perfunctory, like I might do if I started with a list of plot points and checked them off one by one.
Alex Cross, Run is not a bad book by any means. I’d give it three and a half stars out of five. It’s a thriller by any measure, but it adds nothing new to the series or the genre.
Perhaps it simply felt rushed compared to books I’ve read in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.551514
Retrieved Text: ﻿Steve sits in the studio. He's slim, clean-shaven, in his fifties, with short curly brown hair. He's wearing a blue suit, white shirt, and patterned purple tie.
A caption reads "The evolution of Canada’s pensions."
The caption changes to "Twitter: @spaikin, @the agenda."
AND SUCCESSFUL" IN THE WORLD.
ALEX, THANKS FOR BEING HERE.
Alex is in his late thirties, clean-shaven and with short straight light brown hair. He wears a blue gray suit, white shirt and black tie.
The caption changes to "The Evolution of Canada’s pensions. Reform and Success."
The caption changes to "Alex Mazer. Co-author of ‘The Evolution of the Canadian Pension Model.'"
Steve says WHAT WAS THE CRISIS?
IT WAS SET TO RUN OUT OF MONEY.
OFTEN GET TOGETHER ON VERY MUCH.
THE SWEET SPOT ON THIS?
EVERY DOLLAR THAT GOES IN.
The caption changes to "Alex Mazer. Common Wealth."
Alex says NORTH OF 200 BILLION DOLLARS.
BUT THEY HAVE GROWN QUITE LARGE.
Alex says I THINK WE DO.
EVERY DOLLAR THAT YOU PUT IN.
LONG HAUL, DON'T YOU THINK?
IS IF YOU LOOK AT THE U.S.
ARE ABOUT 3 percent LOWER.
ABOUT 2 percent LOWER THAN WHAT U.S.
The caption changes to "Alex Mazer. @alexmazer."
The caption changes to "The Evolution of Canada’s pensions. The Haves and the Have Nots."
Alex says THE IMPLICATION IS NOT GOOD.
Steve says BECAUSE THEY CAN'T?
VERY COMPLEX TO DO ON YOUR OWN.
SET OF THINGS TO DO.
ASIDE FOR A PENSION PLAN?
PLANS ARE VERY, VERY WELL-RUN.
THERE, WHAT SHOULD PEOPLE DO?
Steve says WE DO, EH?
The caption changes to "The Evolution of Canada’s pensions. Public Lessons for Private Funds."
40 PERCENT OF YOUR SAVINGS.
LIKE A PUBLIC PENSION PLAN.
DO THROUGH A PENSION PLAN.
INDIVIDUAL CAN DO FOR SURE.
COUSIN

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.469044
Retrieved Text: The self styled Bronzed Adonis, winner of 2003 sadly non existent Six hitting award, moved up the food chain in 2004, turning down a lucrative record contact from Simon Cowell and stepping into the Captain's spot. However, despite a good start to the season the promotion caused a dip in form of Trescothick-like proportions. Alex selflessly made time to include a brilliant 4 ducks, including 2 in a row. Just as Rigiani started to worry about his chances of winning this seasons Duck Award, and just when it seemed Alex would do the unthinkable and nullify his own Band A contract, he started putting the new MRF to some use and recovered from this bad patch towards the end of the season to find his best, most notably thrashing a superlative 84 against East Tytherley II. The noble captain was also excelled in the field, often hovering inches from the bat and producing some of the best reflex catches and most extravagant dives of the season at his new favoured postiton, Far Too Far Forward Short Leg. The Skip has also perfected "The Aeroplane" celebration technique, including multiple laps of the wicket, cleverly evading any other Idlers trying to congratulate him. Alex holds the catches in a season record with 9 in 2002. Due to travelling Alex lost his captaincy for 2005 but his form with the bat returned. After two relatively barron years as skipper he pushed it back up to around to 30 mark.
Click here for a run down of all Alex Ince's stats

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.343466
Retrieved Text: If you are new to the Grand Theft Auto community, we recommend you our FAQ and Tutorials which gives you a good entry into the world of GTA modding.
In 2001, GTAinside.com was founded by Shahriar and Alex. At the beginning, the website has mainly provided information and news about the upcoming GTA III. Later on when modding started, it grew with the community which started to produce the first modifications.
Today, GTAinside.com is mainly run by me, Alex. I’m 31 years old and I live in Germany. My computer passion begun in 1996 when I got my first Personal Computer which was able to handle games at that time. From games like Quake and Midtown Madness, I moved to the Grand Theft Auto series which fascinated me by providing the enormous freedom of movement and action which was never seen before in games.
I would like to use this opportunity to thank all supporters and hardworking modders who are uploading dozens of modifications every day. Without you, GTAinside would not exist.
The forum of GTAinside is run by a number of moderators who I also want to thank!
If you want to contact me, please use the contact form. Thank you very much!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.137054
Retrieved Text: On these cold winter days we are warmed by summer memories and the inspirational efforts of a Cincinnati Hills Christian Academy student.
Alex O’Brien partnered with CHCA to begin building a garden in September 2013 on land next to the middle school; His purpose – to grow fresh produce for our hungry neighbors.
First inspired during a campus tour of Yale, Alex brought the idea back to Cincinnati. When Alex decided to participate in our annual Hunger Walk & 5K Run, the wheels started to set into motion. During a conversation at the event with our President and CEO Kurt Reiber, Alex learned of the L.I.F.E. Food Pantry, a partner of the Freestore located in Loveland – Alex’s own backyard. Alex made plans to donate the veggies grown in the garden to L.I.F.E.
“I want to show it’s not just a few people donating some cans of food,” Alex told the Community Press.
With the support of the school and fellow students, Alex planted a variety of crop in 2014 – ranging from beans, corn, peppers, kale, potatoes and broccoli. The first season yielded enough veggies to contribute to nearly 370 meals. And the impact continues to grow. Produce from the garden helped to contribute to more than 750 meals in 2015.
Plans are in the works for an addition of grapevines in early spring 2016.
“I appreciate all of the help and support of the school, and hope that the addition of the vineyard will become a strong staple for donations in the future,” said Alex.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.084553
Retrieved Text: Offensive woes appeared again for the New Bern Bears softball team Friday in a 4-1 loss to Mideastern Conference opponent New Hanover.
The Bears managed just two hits for the game and scored their only run, in large part due to a Wildcat error.
Mary Lyons started on the mound for the Bears and allowed all four runs over 1 2/3 innings pitched and got the loss for New Bern.
Kristen Daughtridge came in relief of Lyons and kept the Wildcats scoreless the rest of the way.
Mary Grace Lee drove in the Bears� lone run with a sac-fly that scored Lexi Smith.
�Kristen (Daughtridge) pitched really well tonight, but we started Mary (Lyons) because Kristen had pitched last night and we wanted to try and save her a little bit,� Harrison said.
The biggest hit of the game came off the bat of Wildcats� shortstop Alex Simmons.
Simmons belted a no-doubt-about-it home run to right field off Lyons in the top of the first that bounced off a black vehicle on the side of the street.
The Wildcats added two more in the second off three base hits and two New Bern errors.
The loss drops New Bern to 8-12 overall and 2-4 in the Mideastern Conference.
For New Hanover, the Wildcats improve to 3-10 and 1-5.
RBIs: New Bern � Mary Grace Lee; New Hanover � Alex Simmons (2), Jenn DeLucia. HR: New Hanover � Simmons. Stolen Bases: New Bern � Kiera Carpenter. Left on Base: New Bern � 2; New Hanover � 7.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.483965
Retrieved Text: In January 1996 Alex De Souza arrived in Bournemouth as an immigrant, bringing with him a lot more than just one suitcase and a couple of hundred pounds, Alex was bringing with him the martial art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Life was very difficult for an immigrant who could not speak English, and forced by the circumstances Alex started working in catering. His first students were his work colleagues, waiters and kitchen staff. The classes would take place on the grass of Bournemouth gardens and on Bournemouth beach sands. As the the English weather was not an ally, his classes only took place in the summer months and were not regular.
Alex searched for a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu club in the area without success, Jiu-Jitsu seemed not to exist in England.
In February 2000 Alex came back from Brazil after a training holiday in Rio, at the Carlson Gracie Academy with a fixated idea of training Jiu-Jitsu.
He then searched for a gym, again with no success in finding it, he was encouraged by his wife Katie to hire a venue and start teaching classes. This was the start of what is known today as De Souza Dojo.
The first club was called De Souza BJJ. Classes would take place every Tuesday night at a church hall, Alex had to hire the hall and the mats from another martial arts club. The hall itself was a dirty damp and cold place, the mats had to be put out and put back into storage at the end of the class. The students were mainly

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.435537
Retrieved Text: Brian Cardarella has written an excellent series of posts on how to get started building an application in Ember.js using a Ruby on Rails API as the backend. If you’re just getting started and want to know more about Ember.js, client-server communication, the handy ActiveModel::Serializer etc., then this post is for you.
Alex Matchneer recently wrote a blog post about the magic that is the Ember.js run loop. In the post, he explains the different loops, syncronization, what happens when events occur etc. It’s aptly titled “Everything You Never Wanted to Know About the Ember Run Loop”.
As you’ve probably noticed, I’m posting a multitude of documentation, blog posts, and screencasts about the new router in Ember.js. Toran Billups is one of the latest to pitch in with his intro to the new router. He has recorded a great, hands-on screencast that’s available on his blog.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.42765
Retrieved Text: Russia, Israel appear to have a virtual foothold in virtualization innovation.
In the United States we pride ourselves on innovation. We created the bacon double cheeseburger, arena rock and Paris Hilton. And IBM invented virtualization in 1968, turning a single monolithic mainframe into a bevy of smaller host computers.
But we have no real lock on virtual inventions. In fact, there are two parts of the world that are inventing more technologies than Thomas Edison: Russia and Israel.
How do I know? I'm fascinated by start-ups. These are the companies that take risks, putting their money, reputations and jobs on the line. While always curious about their products, I'm more fascinated by where the ideas came from and who came up with them.
I have lunch with virtualization entrepreneurs several times a month and over bowls of miso soup and plates of scallop maki, I began to notice the accents. I realized I really should have hosted these folks at a delicatessen or Tea Room -- there were so many Russian and Israeli accents.
I asked Alex Vasilevsky, founder of Virtual Iron, why Russians are so active in virtualization. Two reasons spring to mind: After the collapse of communism, decades of pent-up entrepreneurialism exploded. And Russia has a great university system.
Israelis are likewise highly educated, and much pure research, science and innovation comes out of the military sector.
Acronis: An American company focusing now on storage for virtual environments, Acronis has developers in Russia and three Moscow-trained technologists on its board of directors, including Serguei Beloussov and Jack Zubarev, the founders of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.416407
Retrieved Text: Final Score: 8-7, 10 inn.
This is an unusually entertaining classic for a regular season game and stands up to multiple viewings. Most Yankee regular season classics are a case where you can tune in for the last three innings or so, but this is watchable all the way through.
It was a see-saw battle the whole way with plenty of hits and runs, something to be expected from any game Kevin Brown started in a Yankee uniform. As usual, Brown got off to a rousing start, surrendering three runs in the first inning courtesy a Chone Figgins single, Vladimir Guerrero RBI double and Troy Glaus 2-run home run.
Brown predictably followed his usual pattern of putting the Yankees in a hole and THEN calming down, as he excaped further damage for the next two innings.
The Yankees scratched back two runs in the bottom of the third, powered by one out walks to Miguel Cairo and Kenny Lofton, followed by an RBI double from Derek Jeter and RBI single by Alex Rodriguez.
The Angels manufactured a run in the top of the fourth, capped by a Bengie Molina Sac Fly RBI to take a short-lived 4-2 lead.
The bottom of the fourth saw a Yankees rally to tie things up. Miguel Cairo lead off with a single and Kenny Lofton sent him home with an RBI triple, his third three bagger on the year. After a Derek Jeter line-out, Alex Rodriguez plated Lofton with an RBI single to left. The Yankees would go on to load the bases, but failed to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.374868
Retrieved Text: The 49ers are bringing back offensive lineman Adam Snyder, signing him to a two-year contract Monday.
Snyder signed a five-year, $17 million deal with a $5 million signing bonus with Arizona as a free agent last season. The Cardinals cut Snyder last week after using a first-round pick on guard Jonathan Cooper.
Snyder, 31, started 14 games for Arizona, despite early-season elbow injury.
The versatile lineman will vie for a reserve role at any spot on the 49ers line. Alex Boone replaced Snyder last season at right guard while the 49ers started the same five lineman every game in their run to the Super Bowl.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.352375
Retrieved Text: On a sunny evening on 20th June, 104 runners took on the 4th counter in the Esk Valley Dave Parry/ Let’s Run Summer Fell Race series. The Whorlton run takes runners over a tough course, with a fast and flat first mile followed by some challenging climbs to complete the just under 7 mile course. Runners had to contend with some serious midges, but raised over £300 for the Whorlton Playing Field. Alex Thornton and Rachael Harper represented Pickering Running Club. Alex came in at 58:53, followed by Rachael in 60:46 and 5th in category.
On a very hot Sunday on 24th June, Pickering Running Club joined 16 other teams to run the Cleveland Way Relay. The club team was organised by Debbie and Simon Rycroft, who joined the team of runners, along with Nick Cousins, Russ Grayson and Russ Charlton, Clare Mawrey, Kim Cavill, Amanda Welburn-Smith, Jennifer Wise, Lizzy Wise and Nicola Wise, David Stephenson and Dave Owuor, Jenny Storrie, Kelly Gaughan and Heather Farrow, Simon Jones, Graham Robinson and Paul Smith. The relay race takes place over the full length of the Cleveland Way, from Filey to Helmsley, over 16 legs. Runners started at 5am in Filey, aiming to finish in Helmsley in time for fish and chips. The PRC team put in a great performance, to finish in 18:07:15, and coming 6th in the ‘A’ team category and 11th overall.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.164364
Retrieved Text: Alex and Alessandra (see shots below in comments) were peacefully watching drmaccon taking street portraits, when xtarsy and I jumped them. Sorry guys! They’re a great Italian couple; Alexandra living in London at the moment, and Alex visiting her for the weekend.
Alex had an incredible Canon 50mm f1.2L, so we started chatting about photography. Alessandra was especially interested in the 100 Strangers Project, and was extremely keen to take part. We stepped back into a side alley with some neat urban art for a backdrop.
One of the coolest elements of Sunday was working with the other group members. For a couple of hours xtarsy traded turns shooting/assisting, and I was lucky enough to be the chap with camera in hand at this point. The light is coming from a 110cm golden reflector, which I purchased having read r c hill’s blog post here. I hoped the gold would give a warm punch to compliment the blue artwork behind, but was amazed at how effectively it delivered. Magic!
I’d have happily posted either of these separately, but like the idea that single encounters get a single post. Therefore, I went with Alex for the main shot – just to mix things up after a run of female strangers. I’m really pleased with the shot – not just for the light, but because I feel it catches some of his effortless, rugged cool.
Alex and Alessandra – thanks so much for agreeing to take part, and for putting up with my amateurish rendering of the various Italian proverbs/tongue-twisters with which

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.156946
Retrieved Text: Lindum Hockey Club was formed in the June of 2015 through the amalgamation of Lincoln Hockey Club and Lincoln Roses Hockey clubs. After a successful first season sharing purpose built facilities at the Lindum sports ground, members of both clubs saw the benefit of coming together to create a centre of excellence for hockey in Lincolnshire.
On a mild afternoon that fell someway short of the record high temperature of 34.8 °C recorded in August 1990 (for Lincoln), Adel travelled off the back of fine win the previous week. The match was already billed as “season defining” by the ever enthusiastic Holford.
The match started with a high tempo befitting the quick surface, with both sides attempting the breakdown the opposition. Some early ‘half’ chances went the way of Adel only for Lindum to take the lead against the run of play. Adel levelled when Bish slotted home a well disguised finished from a short corner. The remainder of the half was played out with both midfields cancelling each other out.
With some technical tweaks at half time, Adel started the second half in devastating fashion with Bish storming down the right to put it on a plate for the well positioned Miles within the first minute of the half. Momentum was on our side and with the Lindum left back deciding to stop even marking Bish, Adel dominated. Stroomer added a third from another well worked short corner and a fourth coming from Miles following Holford’s successful attempt at the world’s longest J run.
Alex Cooper’s only other review

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.14531
Retrieved Text: CLARKTON – Ayden Piland hammered a triple that keyed a 3-run winning rally and propelled Clarkton School of Discovery to a 9-6 Bladen Five Middle School Conference baseball victory over Bladenboro.
With the score knotted 6-6 in the bottom of the fifth inning, Weston Hodge walked and raced home with the go-ahead run on Piland’s triple. Jacob Priest knocked in Piland with a single. Priest dashed home on an error to pad the lead to 9-6.
Bladenboro put four runners on base in the top of the sixth inning, but base-running problems resulted in all 3 outs coming on tag-outs on the bases.
The Bulldogs grabbed the early lead with a second inning run. Alex Strange belted a single and scored when Andrew Pait smacked a single.
Bladenboro added 2 runs in the third inning. Elijah Crabtree walked, and Brycen Blackman reached base on an error. ShyRon Adams reached base on an error that scored Crabtree, and Devon Strange’s fielder’s choice plated Blackman for a 3-0 lead.
Will Hester, Hodge and Andrew Kahn drew walks to begin the Clarkton fourth inning. Piland reached base on an error that scored Hester and Hodge. Priest walked and J. T. Junious was hit by a pitch that forced home Kahn with the tying run.
Victor Campbell’s fielder’s choice plated Piland. Jacob Bryan walked, and Hester was hit by a pitch that scored Priest. Junious darted home to put the Blue Devils in front 6-3.
Blackman and Adams were both hit by pitches in the Bulldog fifth inning. Devon Strange cracked a single that scored Blackman, and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.138494
Retrieved Text: Anyone else following Jeopardy! and James Holzhauer's amazing run? Tonight he won his 10th game and now holds the top 4 all-time single day winnings totals for Jeopardy!. He is a professional gambler from Las Vegas and if he continues at this rate, he is going to give Ken Jennings a good run.
On tonight's show, he had $70+K going in to Final Jeopardy, got the final question right and bet $60K.
I haven;t tuned in since that announcement, how does he look, i know it can be a silent killer, but hoping his color and spirits are good.
Alex looks fine on TV at this point. I don't know how far in advance the shows are taped before they air though.
Right, could be weeks or even months.
He showed great courage to share this and to try and work on through.
I recall not too many years back when he blew his knee out chasing some thief down in a Hollyweird hotel - how many guys in their 70s would try that?
He's right up there with Brad and Ken. He set one record, and it wouldn't surprise me if he sets more of them. It's also timely that he appeared around the same time that Alex Trebek announced his cancer struggle. My parents lost their struggles, but I pray that Alex wins his!
I get so tired of Alex pronouncing French names or French words we've adopted the way they would be pronounced in France.
This isn't France, we don't pronounce those names and words that way in English, and English is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.003418
Retrieved Text: 1 10:59 LaGrange College - Cam Perkins 3 yd run. (Alex Rivera kick is good).
1 06:38 The Apprentice School - L. Picolo 19 yd pass from T. Sudberry. (N. Guardado kick is good).
1 06:24 LaGrange College - Marcus Campbell 68 yd pass from Kelly Hall. (Alex Rivera kick is good).
1 03:35 LaGrange College - Austin Sapp 18 yd pass from Kelly Hall. (Alex Rivera kick is good).
1 01:42 LaGrange College - Cam Perkins 7 yd run. (Alex Rivera kick is good).
3 07:56 LaGrange College - Cam Perkins 63 yd run. (Alex Rivera kick is good).
3 03:02 LaGrange College - Drew Lewiski 2 yd run. (Alex Rivera kick is good).

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.847526
Retrieved Text: Alex Devine, founder of Devine Event Consultancy and organizer of the Montserrado County Inter-High School Debate competition.
In 2015, Alex Devine had a dream – a competition aimed at breeding a new generation of Liberian intellectuals who will go beyond normal classroom activities to discuss issues with logic and fact.
He also dreamt of getting rid of the ‘Super Friday’ phenomenon among high school students, an unsanctioned day set aside by students to go out having fun including getting drunk and other harmful vices instead of being in school during class time, an act that was creeping into the already broken education system, and destroying it.
But dreams are just dreams if they are not translated into action, something Alex couldn’t do due to him actively pursuing his acting career, and two other reasons, he said.
Firstly, he lacked the finances to organize such an intellectual competition, which killed his ambition.
Secondly, because of his budding acting career, he could not, and was unwilling to give enough attention to organizing the competition.
Despite his unwillingness to pursue this dream of his, his mind was disturbed day and night for neglecting this unique call to serve his people.
Still, Alex was not willing to sacrifice his career, meager resources and time to make this dream a reality.
But as fate would have it, after an interaction with some students who were out gallivanting on a beach during class time revealed their poor intellectual capacities, Alex started to rethink his previous reluctance to give his dream a try.
At home later that fateful day, Alex decided to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.820566
Retrieved Text: Both teams were strong on the mound on Thursday, but Century College capitizled on offense in a victory over Blue Knights on Thursday. Justin King started the game for the Blue Knights and recorded 12 outs.
The Blue Knights lost despite out-hitting Century College five to two.
One bright spot for DCTC was a double by Brad Goulet in the first inning.
King took the loss for the Blue Knights. He surrendered two runs on two hits over four innings, striking out three.
Jeison Morillo led the Blue Knights with two hits in three at bats. DCTC was sure-handed and didn't commit a single error.
The Blue Knights defeated Century College 3-0 on Thursday as two pitchers combined to throw a shutout. Alex Farley struck out Knoll to finish off the game.
The pitching was strong on both sides. Blue Knight pitchers struck out nine, while Atkinson sat down four.
Blue Knights fired up the offense in the first inning, when Travis Schmidt hit a 2-run home run.
Alex Winslow was credited with the victory for DCTC. He went six innings, allowing zero runs on two hits, striking out seven and walking one. Farley threw one inning in relief out of the bullpen. Farley recorded the last three outs to earn the save.
Schmidt, Jeison Morillo, Caleb Zoda, Clayton Harris, and Brad Goulet each collected one hit. The Blue Knights didn't commit an error.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.7757845
Retrieved Text: Brantley w-ent 1-for-4 with a home run and two RBI in Sunday's 11-10 loss to the Rangers.
Brantley extended his on-base streak to 13 games with the home run, his fourth of the season. He's hitting .380 (19-for-51) with two homers and 10 RBI during the on-base streak.
Brantley went 1-for-3 with a walk and an RBI in Wednesday's 2-1 loss to the Athletics.
Brantley has been front-and-center during the Astros' offensive revival over the last two weeks. He's hitting .385 (15-for-39) with eight RBI and seven runs scored over the last 10 games. As Houston's cleanup hitter, Brantley is in position to take advantage of on-base machines ahead of him in the lineup: George Springer, Jose Altuve and Alex Bregman.
Brantley went 3-for-5 with two doubles, an RBI and a run scored in Tuesday's 6-3 win over the Yankees.
Brantley's seventh-inning double plated Alex Bregman, who had doubled before him, to tie the game. The 31-year-old outfielder has hit in four straight, going 8-for-17 with three extra-base hits and four RBI during that run. As Houston's offense slowly emerges from a slumber, Brantley should be presented with plenty of RBI opportunities as the team's cleanup batter.
Brantley went 2-for-4 with a two-run home run and a second run scored in Saturday's 6-0 win over the A's.
The outfielder's second homer of the year was part of a four-run fifth inning that broke the game open. Brantley is only hitting .219 (7-for-32) through nine games to begin his Houston tenure, but he has solid five-category upside as long as he keeps his spot

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.775686
Retrieved Text: In a continuation of the Inspirational Running Dad series, I want to introduce you to my good friend and fellow runner, Alex Park! Alex is married and has a ten month old son named Ethan (in the photo above). I met Alex through the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society’s Team in Training program in 2007 while training for the 2008 Walt Disney World marathon. He immediately struck me as inspirational, as he consistently is selfless in his drive to help others and donate his time to charity. Here is his story.
How and when did you get involved in running?
I started running with Team in Training (TnT) in 2007. I received an informational flyer in the mail to join Team in Training. At about the same time, my boss’ son was diagnosed with Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma. Having lost my father cancer, I took that as too much of a coincidence to overlook so I attended the informational session.
I signed up that night to run the San Diego 1/2 Marathon. Training was going so well in Connecticut that I decided to do the full marathon. Due to a job relocation to NJ, I started training with the Northern New Jersey TnT chapter. I did not really have much intention on doing more than one event with Team in Training prior to coming to NJ. The staff, participants and coaches were so much fun, however, that I decided to become a mentor and run coach myself. I have since completed seven events with TnT, having raised approximately $50,000 in total for

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.774117
Retrieved Text: AN unsigned band from Leeds have won the chance to play at the city’s international music festival over the August Bank Holiday weekend.
Fighting Caravans won a competition to join the bill at the Leeds Festival, in a competition run by local concert promoter Futuresound.
Daniel Clark, Alex Fletcher and Josh Hagan from Fighting Caravans.
Today they and other up-and-coming festival acts attended a ‘meet the press’ event at its venue, Bramham Park, near Wetherby.
The band – who take their name from a 1930s Western film and count everybody from Elvis Presley to Arctic Monkeys frontman Alex Turner as influences – say they cannot wait to return to Bramham for the big one later this month.
Drummer Josh Hagan, 21, said: “I was 16 when I first went to the festival and it’s a bit surreal to think that this year I’m going to be on the stage and not in the crowd.
Two of Josh’s bandmates, guitarist Alex Fletcher and singer Daniel Clark, were with him at today’s event.
The quintet are completed by guitarist Ross Day and bassist Simeon Lees.
They will be joined on the festival bill by Futuresound competition runners-up The Indigo Project, Vexxes, Dusk, Adore//Repel and Night Owls.
Also playing are Yorkshire band Faux Pas, thanks to their win in the annual Centre Stage contest that raises funds for Martin House Children’s Hospice, near Wetherby.
Festival boss Melvin Benn said he hoped all of the acts would seize the chance to make an impact at one of the biggest events in the UK’s music calendar.
He said: “I’m delighted to be

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.770202
Retrieved Text: 19.6 OUT! Caught. Jess Jonassen to Nicola Carey. Length ball, sweeping, False Shot to deep mid wicket, by Birkett.
19.5 Jess Jonassen to Maisy Gibson. Length ball, flick, Played to deep mid wicket for 1 run.
19.4 Jess Jonassen to Nicola Carey. Length ball, Slog, Played to long on for 1 run.
19.3 FOUR! Jess Jonassen to Nicola Carey. Half volley, driving, Hit Hard past long off for 4 runs.
19.2 Jess Jonassen to Maisy Gibson. Length ball, glancing, Played to short fine leg for 1 run.
19.1 Jess Jonassen to Nicola Carey. Length ball, reverse sweeping, False Shot to deep cover for 1 run.
18.6 OUT! Bowled. Jemma Barsby to Rene Farrell. Length ball, sweeping, Play and Miss to.
18.5 Jemma Barsby to Nicola Carey. Half volley, Slog, Played to deep mid wicket for 1 run.
18.4 Jemma Barsby to Nicola Carey. Half volley, Slog, Played to long on for 2 runs.
18.3 SIX! Jemma Barsby to Nicola Carey. Half volley, sweeping, Hit Hard over deep square leg for 6 runs.
18.2 Jemma Barsby to Nicola Carey. Length ball, driving, Played to deep extra cover for 2 runs.
18.1 OUT! Caught. Jemma Barsby to Alex Blackwell. Length ball, Slog, False Shot to long on, by Wolvaardt.
17.6 Delissa Kimmince to Alex Blackwell. Length ball, Slog, Played to long on for 1 run.
17.5 Delissa Kimmince to Nicola Carey. Half volley, working, Hit Hard to long on for 1 run.
17.4 Delissa Kimmince to Alex Blackwell. Length ball, cutting, Played to deep point for 1 run.
17.3 FOUR! Delissa Kimmince to Alex Blackwell. Full toss, working, Hit Hard past long on

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.744971
Retrieved Text: Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel picked up right where he left off in last Tuesday’s AL wild-card game.
Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel picked up right where he left off in last Tuesday’s AL wild-card game, helping Houston to a 4–2 win over the Kansas City Royals, and giving the Astros a 2–1 lead in the ALDS.
Keuchel tossed seven innings of one-run ball to earn the victory, allowing just five hits and three walks while striking out seven.
Catcher Jason Castro started the scoring for Houston with a two-run single in the fifth inning to put the Astros ahead 2–1.
Carlos Gomez later singled in a run in the sixth to put them ahead for good 3–1, and Chris Carter added a solo shot in the seventh.
Astros closer Luke Gregerson entered in the ninth and picked up the save despite allowing a solo home run to Royals outfielder Alex Gordon.
The teams will stay in Houston for a potential series-clinching Game 4 on Monday at 1:07 p.m. ET.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.711144
Retrieved Text: Alex @Alex-the-Boss liked @Alex-the-Boss's drawing.
Alex @Alex-the-Boss started following @jazzyjj!
Alex @Alex-the-Boss replied to this post.
Alex @Alex-the-Boss commented on this drawing.
"You just used the stamp You didnt actually make that And it is called Bill Cypher"

================



======= Instance Index 12237 =========
Input Text: Context: Casey took their phone.

Question: How would you describe Casey?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: cashey took a bottle

B: casey took an apple

C: took their phone

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.595
Retrieved Text: Casey Neistat was born on March 25, 1981 in New London, Connecticut. He dropped out of high school at age 15 and and shortly there after had a son named Owen. In 2001 Casey moved to New York City with hopes of making movies for a living.
Casey and his brother Van began working for artist Tom Sachs helping him create videos revolving around his various art installations and sculptures. It was because of Tom’s guidance that Casey and his brother began to form their style of filmmaking. If you go back and watch some of Tom Sachs’ older movies you can see where Casey and Van derived their style from.
In 2003, Casey and Van made a movie entitled “iPod’s Dirty Secret” in which they discuss how Apple made the iPod so that you could not replace the battery yourself when it went bad… which it was bound to do. They documented their experience trying to deal with Apple customer service and how much it would cost them to actually have the battery replaced.
‘iPod’s Dirty Secret” went on to to have millions of views on the internet, before YouTube was even a thing. This lead to lots of media coverage as well as Apple revamping their replacement policy for the iPod batteries.
In 2008, Casey and his brother Van created and sold a TV show to HBO entitled “The Neistat Brothers”. The TV show ran for 8, 30 minute episodes, and featured a collection of short movies created by both Casey and Van. These short videos are very

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.087898
Retrieved Text: It was any normal day for you. You went to school, you came home from school, did your homework and then started texting Leo. Yep, same old same old day. Except this time, Leo invited you over to the lair to talk face to face and not phone to phone.  Gladly, you took on your favorite hoody and went out.
As soon as you got there, you went in to the dojo and saw Leo sitting in front of the tree doing his thing. You smirked and went behind him, trying to scare him. But, oh no! Apparently, you forgot that Leo was a NINJA and got flipped over by him. You landed softly in his knees with a small thud and looked up at him. His eyes were still closed, but a little smile was visible on his face, making you smile as well.
Later, you found yourself meditating with him, fully concentrated. The world was blocked your by your concentration, the sounds that you moments ago heard was now quiet. You could feel movements around you , something you haven&apos;t done in a while. Okay, you&apos;ve never felt movements around you, this was you first time. You felt Leo&apos;s movements from his steady breathing on your shoulder, waves of sound from the TV in the living room, even the ice-cream kitty softly meowing in the freezer. But then, you felt something strange. You felt someone walking towards you and Leo. And not one person, two. Their movements felt thin, which meant that they were skinny and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.951794
Retrieved Text: Russell County-Casey County is always interesting. No matter the sport, no matter the game. It is the cliché, throw the records out the window when these two teams get together. However, the last several games in this series on the gridiron have been extremely one sided with Casey dropping 50-plus and holding the Lakers to under 20.
In the 2018 edition, the match up started very different. Russell County did their best to keep the Rebel offense off the field, but it was coach Steve Stonebraker’s defense that answered the bell when it came down to it.
The defense did more than their part in conquering the Lakers led by a pair of defenders racking up double-digit tackles (Ethan Ammons, 12 and Reece Brown, 10) while AJ Glenn added a sack to his seven tackles on the evening. Ethan Parton, Josh Blevins, Adam Price, Keegan Hansfordand Gabe Singleton each forced a fumble, recovered a fumbled, grabbed an interception or added a sack for the Casey defense.
Casey didn’t get their zero off the scoreboard until the mid-way through the second quarter when Preston Tucker ripped off a 45-yard run for a score. A Nick-Wilkerson point after made it 7-0.
With :29 left in the half Russell County scored to tie it up, but that’s when the fun started for the Casey squad.
That sequence made it 15-7 at the break and was the game winner as the Rebels did all of the scoring in the second half as the defense took care of business.
Tucker, for a second-straight week, used tremendous blocking

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.822155
Retrieved Text: When I met Casey she told me about how both her and Gardiner's families have a history in Hanover, home to Dartmouth College, and how special this place is to them. She described the drive through the Upper Valley, the town green, the adorable shops lining the main street. I, too, have a place in my heart for this very same area. I worked at the local paper, the Valley News, during my newspaper days and fell in the love with its rolling hills, meandering waters, and tight-knit communities. I've always felt a sense of peace when I've lived or visited there, so I was really excited to share this with Casey. She had no idea of my Upper Valley connection when she booked me for her wedding, so it was a pleasant surprise that I was already so familiar with this place she and Gardiner chose to celebrate their big day.
This area is also known for having somewhat unpredictable weather (similar to here in Maine) and it sure did surprise us when snow started falling on the Dartmouth green during family formals before the ceremony! It wasn't supposed to arrive until the following morning, but we watched huge flakes fall from the sky, sticking to everything in sight. And it didn't stop until the next morning! Casey and Gardiner took it all in stride and it did lend a romantic feel to the rest of the day. I know these two will never forget that unexpected guest to their wedding, and laugh over how they

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.6898
Retrieved Text: Backfill: June 7 '04 While my housemate was out of town last weekend, her friends Susan and Dave took Casey with their dogs up to the Sierras to have a scintillating high-sierra doggie hike or two. Dave is an aspiring Real Photographer to the Dogs, and he took some beautiful photos. I am awed by the quality, color, and clarity of the photos. Here is a low-resolution version of his portrait of Casey, He Who Can Usually Do a Jump-Tunnel-Jump In Sequence.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.661306
Retrieved Text: AUSTIN – Facing a tough task taking on two of the finest teams in our region, the #37 East Texas Baptist University women’s tennis team went split their matches on the day. After winning match one, 8-1, over Texas Lutheran University to improve their program best start to 9-0, ETBU took their first loss of the year, 8-1, to #24 Trinity University.
ETBU started off with a 3-0 lead in doubles winning all three matches but four or more points. Nationally ranked Kayla Casey and Kate Bramlett won doubles #1, 8-4, over Sofia Vega and Alli McClain. Elizabeth Morton and Tiffany Stankiewicz won the #2 match, 8-2, and then Jabree McClaine and Sierra Pizarro won #3 doubles, 8-4, over Macy Elliot and Joni Baxley.
Taking matches 1,2,3, 5, and 6, ETBU won the match 8-1. Casey, ranked 10th in the nation, defeated #11 ranked Vega, 5-7, 7-5, 10-6 in the #1 match. Stankiewicz then took the #2 match, 6-4, 4-6, 10-5, in the second match that went extra sets. In the #3 singles match, Bramlett won, 6-1, 6-1, over Melissa Dyer. Kellie Cawthon took the #5 match, 6-2, 6-0, vs. Baxley and Mullika Seekhieo won #6 match, 6-1, 6-0 overMegan Ingram.
ETBU started off down three points after falling in doubles. Casey and Bramlett lost the #1 match, 8-4, and then Stankiewicz/Morton fell in #2, 8-2. Pizarro and McClaine played hard to the end in #3 but lost, 8-6.
Casey won the only point of the match with a 7-5, 6-4, win at #1 singles over Maci Lutz in the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.58788
Retrieved Text: On this date 21 years ago — July 28, 1993 — our son Casey was born.
On his first birthday, we took him to Chuck E Cheese. On his 21st birthday, he’s in San Francisco having dinner with his girlfriend so we have to wish him a happy birthday over the phone.
“Yeah, so was I,” he says.
Right, but he doesn’t remember it like I do. And I don’t want to mention it on his special day, but he didn’t really do anything either. His mom and I did all the work and yet he gets all the glory and recognition. Think about that.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.523466
Retrieved Text: Recently I grabbed my boxes of books, jumped in my minivan and headed south on interstate 35 to Kansas City. I was on spring break from my elementary teaching job and I had decided months ago to spend that time promoting my latest middle grade novel, Casey KC, in the Kansas City area. Casey KC had just been released in January and I thought I would take my book to its most rabid audience: young Kansas City baseball fans gearing up to cheer on their team to a run at defending their 2015 World Series championship. The novel, after all, is about 12-year-old Casey who has such a talent for hitting a baseball that he gets signed by his hometown Kansas City Royals. Casey has never in his entire life swung at a baseball and missed. After becoming the youngest player in MLB history, Casey is challenged to see if he really has what it takes to play in the majors.
My trip took me to a school district and community just south and west of Kansas City. The district was Gardner-Edgerton, and boy did I have fun visiting schools, signing books and getting to know these wonderful Kansas librarians, teachers and kids. I visited eight schools, both elementary and middle, and also did a speaking and signing event at the local branch of the Johnson County Library system. Students and parents turned out in large numbers to get their hands on this fictionalized story of their favorite team.
While in town I was hosted by April (from

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.4694
Retrieved Text: There is some speculation that Dwane Casey is on the verge of becoming the next head coach of the Detroit Pistons. Barring a late push from San Antonio Spurs’ assistant coach Ime Udoka, the Pistons will entrust Dwane Casey with their talented, yet underachieving basketball team.
Dwane Casey was making the rounds on television last Friday. The former Toronto Raptors’ coach was on ESPN’s The Jump, and he confirmed that there has been some significant progress between himself and the Detroit Pistons.
Dwane Casey acknowledged that he has had a few meetings with members of the Detroit Pistons’ hierarchy. This includes Pistons’ owner Tom Gores. Casey went as far as to say that he is hopeful things will be settled and made official soon.
While discussing his coaching future, Dwane Casey also admitted that his biggest competition for the Pistons’ coaching vacancy is Ime Udoka. If the Pistons have a preference for a proven coach they will hire Casey sooner rather than later.
There is guaranteed to be some change with the Detroit Pistons’ coaching vacancy, however, SportsNet is reporting that nothing has been finalized with Dwane Casey as of yet.
Hiring Dwane Casey would give the Detroit Pistons a coach with a strong resume. It also means that the Pistons were able to hire their top target, according to ESPN.
Dwane Casey is widely regarded as one of the NBA’s best coaches. Casey would still be coaching the Toronto Raptors if it were not for the Cleveland Cavaliers sweeping them in embarrassing fashion in the Eastern Conference semifinals.
If Dwane Casey had

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.452532
Retrieved Text: Little Fish took me into its arms and swallowed me until I disappeared completely, only to spit me out again with all my secrets laid bare under the piercing moonlight of Casey Plett's words. No other book has felt so fully like an author dipping their pen into the well of my soul; no other book has been this overwhelming.
Little Fish took me into it's arms and swallowed me whole, until I disappeared completely, only to spit me out again with all my secrets laid bare under the piercing moonlight of Casey Plett's words. No other book has felt so fully like an author dipping their pen into the ink of my soul; no other book has been this overwhelming.
Casey Plett is the author of the Lambda Literary Award-winning short story collection A Safe Girl to Love and co-editor of the anthology Meanwhile, Elsewhere: Science Fiction and Fantasy from Transgender Writers. She wrote a column on transitioning for McSweeney's Internet Tendency and her reviews and essays have appeared in such venues as The New York Times ArtsBeat. She is also the publicity and marketing coordinator for the publishing house Biblioasis.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.41018
Retrieved Text: In early 2018, GE came to commercial photographers Casey Templeton and Brett Lemon with a challenge: over the course of eight professional development programs, film more than 700 GE leaders delivering a message about what they’ve learned – and turn each video around within 12 hours so these students can share them with their teams before they get back to work on Monday.
Watch the video to see how Casey and Brett took on this seemingly impossible task, and wowed their clients at GE with a lightning-fast video workflow.
Casey Templeton and Brett Lemon say an organized workflow was the key to delivering on their promise to GE.
“The speed factor comes with the organization,” says Brett.
Brett started editing the videos during the shoots, and put in hours of work beforehand to make sure everything would run like clockwork.
To build a flawless workflow, Casey and Brett needed to make sure they had reliable tools that would work well together.
They shot the videos in 4K on the Blackmagic URSA Mini Pro, and ingested the videos immediately.
Brett edited the videos with Adobe Premiere Pro, which enabled him to export files in batch and do a lot of work at once.
Then, he uploaded the final products to Libris, which allowed Casey to distribute the videos to GE leaders from all around the world quickly and securely.
Once the videos landed in the inboxes of all of the participants, they could share them with their teams – even before they got back to the office.
Want to learn more about how to set up a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.311165
Retrieved Text: I recall Tim Miller making the statement that he never even spoke with Casey.
I keep thinking their are ppl in the back ground that are pushing things bad for Casey. Worried when the truth gets out. Doing everything to get ppl not to believe Casey when she tells her story. Also Worried about her court on the lies she was charged with. Lots of liers in the air and it’s not Casey!!
Well said, Kelly. That’s how I see it too. It seems like they are taking an offensive strategy because they know they will be in the hot seat soon.
You are not suing the right Person. Sue Cindy and George Anthony. Cindy is the onew that called you and talked to you. Casey was in jail when this happend. She didn’t lie to you because she never talked to you. Cindy did. Oh heres another thing, Cindy and George were very rude to you. They already knew Caylee was Dead.
The reason why I said that is because of what Cindy said to Dominic Casey (Yeah Guys Cindy was on the phone with Private Investigator it wasnt a Physic at all.) How would he know to cut Black Plastic Bags?. Casey was in Jail when this accured. So If you ask me Cindy and George did this. Sorry that is how I feel….
BTW: Lee testified at trial that Cindy DID tell Dominic Casey to search on Suburban Drive.
Cindy testified under oath that she did NOT! One of these fools IS lying! Guess which one I believe? 🙂

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.269562
Retrieved Text: Beyond Reasonable Doubt! Why I could find Casey guilty of murdering her daughter, and be able to sleep at night.
The above statement is an example of what the judge in a trail might use to instruct the jurors before they begin their deliberations in an attempt to come to a verdict at the end of the Casey Anthony trial.
1. Casey didn't report Caylee missing for 31 days and was seen out partying, etc during the time she was missing.
3. After Casey's auto was found abandoned, the smell of death coming from the car was reported by several people including Cindy, George, Lee, Detectives and the tow truck operator.
4.Grandmother Cindy reported her missing.
5. Lying to Law Enforcement about everything. Making false statements, making up false names of who she told about missing Caylee. Telling the Police that she was working at Universal Studio when she was fired from there two years prior.
5.Casey's original story changed from dropping Caylee off at Sawgrass Apartments, at an apartment had been proven to be vacant for some time, to the nanny knocking her to the ground and her sister taking Caylee at Blanchard park.
6.Stealing gas cans and "friends,parents, and grandparent" checks or monies.
7. Not one friend, not even family members have met the "nanny" or spoke to her. Never heard Casey on the phone with her. And no phone numbers.
8.Searches done on the computer at the Anthony home for homemade weapons, neck breaking, missing children, chloroform, mom Cindy was ruled out due to her work schedule. I rule out dad George

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.255562
Retrieved Text: Contact information for Casey RACE including phone numbers and email addresses.
View the opening hours of Casey RACE as well as the different facilities within it.
With the staff and the facilities at the purpose-built Casey RACE, both members and casual visitors can feel healthier and happier.
Here are the conditions for entering Casey RACE.
The YMCA Victoria - Recreation sector Customer Charter demonstrates our commitment to you, as our Customer, to provide exceptional customer service by making each and every visit to our Centre an enjoyable one.
Casey RACE actively welcomes and supports people living with disability and diversity in the community.
Casey RACE has a flexible, multi-room available for hire.
Casey RACE has a range of policies you should be aware of.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.093954
Retrieved Text: Casey Johnson, Johnson & Johnson Heiress and Tila Tequila’s Fiancee Dies. There are About 6 Things Wrong With That Sentence.
Daughter of the owner of the New York Jets, 30 year old Casey Johnson has died. Heiress to the Johnson & Johnson fortune, Casey was also reportedly the financee of Tila Tequila. Seriously, what?
TMZ spoke with Tila about Casey and we learned that she and Casey were fighting last week and that Casey stayed at Tila’s house on the 28th. Tila then tried contacting Casey on the 29th because Casey left her dogs at Tila’s house, but Casey’s phone has been shut off since that day and she could not contact her.
Police are now investigating this death and claim that Casey had been dead for several days before her body was discovered. Yowza. Seriously, if she killed herself over a fight with Tila Tequila, I’m going to kill myself! I’m sure there’s a “No More Tears” joke in here somewhere, but perhaps it’s a little too soon.
Wait a Second! Arsenio Hall IS Alive?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.090874
Retrieved Text: Facebook-verified meth head Josh Beall — I still look good. Thats what im saying the stereotype is dirty gryngy pimpled face. I look fine asf and im strung the [fucc] out — and his girl Casey Cole, just 19, were picked up this morning by police for a homicide and a string of robberies. Of course I took one look at that face tat and needed to know what it said.
One thing led to another and I was on Beall’s Facebook and learned that face tat says “[Fucc] The Feds.” Simple enough. He has another one down lower that says “[Fucc] the World.” And now the feds want to chat with him and his girl Casey for what they’ve been up to this week in Dayton.
Two people arrested following a high-speed pursuit in a Cincinnati suburb were wanted in connection to several Dayton-area crimes, including the fatal shooting of a man Wednesday night.
Sharonville police arrested Joshua Beall, 29, of Fairborn and Casey Cole, 19 of Seamon, Ohio, were arrested following an early-morning pursuit, according to investigators. Investigators said Beall and Cole were wanted in connection to a homicide, multiple bank robberies in the area, and another, aggravated robbery.
Beall was wanted in connection to at least two crimes in the Dayton-area. Dayton police said Beall is a suspect in the fatal shooting of Donald E. Armstrong III on Maryland Avenue Wednesday.
Call me crazy, but it seems like Josh was thinking more along the lines of being taken out by local cops or the Feds. The comments on

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.962904
Retrieved Text: One night, my friend Casey and I played pinball at The Hideaway Bar, a joint located in Orlando, Florida. Not only was the pinball machine’s light reflecting on Casey, but a nearby sign shined on him also. Noticing this, I took out my iPhone and photographed Casey playing pinball. No flash, I used the available light.
By the way, Casey was a better pinball player than I was.
Casey was a better pinball player.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.960825
Retrieved Text: Forty minutes after the IA inspector relunctently left the squad room Jim stood and walked over to Bank�s office.
Simon waved him in as he returned to his phone conversation.
�What is it?�Jim asked noticing for the first time the grim expression on Bank�s face.
Casey Wells brushed rain soaked bangs away from her face as she glanced up at the sound of screaching tires. She spotted Jim�s pickup truck instantly. The young woman stepped away from the Lexus and stepped forward to meet her friend.
�Don�t get in my way,Casey.�Jim said quietly.
Jim blinked as he looked past her at the body laying by the side of the car covered by a white blanket. How many times had he told a victim�s relaitive that?
Jim shook his head and stepped around her. Something was nagging at him. Something more than disbelief.
With a heavy heart Ellison knelt next to the white blanket and gently lifted it away from his friend�s face. He winced at the amount of blood that covered his friend�s torso.
Maybe it was wishful thinking or maybe part of his Sentinel abilites were coming back but some how he found himself reaching forward to feel for a pulse.
Jim was nearly knocked off his feet when he found one.
Very faint and thready but defintely there.
�Simon if you�ve ever trusted me do it now.�Jim urged as he pulled off his jacket and placed it over his friend.
When Simon still hesitated Casey knelt next to Blair and searched for a pulse.
Casey Wells paused as she turned the corner of the hospital hallway. The

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.940287
Retrieved Text: Get ready to be blown away by this romantic & dreamy beach wedding tying together Brittney & Casey. These kids were lucky enough to have their wedding on the infamous 17 Mile Drive in Monterey, California. The wedding took place at sunset and their guests were treated to a beautiful view of the couple exchanging their vows in front of waves breaking, and pelicans flying overhead. Later they had their reception at the Monterey Peninsula Country Club, where they indulged in delicious treats (cookies, cake & gelato, oh my!) and danced the night away.
Congrats Brittney & Casey on a beautiful day!
Fill out the form and I will send you more information. Easy peasy!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.924265
Retrieved Text: Pennsylvania Auditor General Robert P. Casey Jr. says some employees of the state department responsible for worker safety and workers' compensation are guilty of flagrant abuses of funds.
In fact, claims Casey, top officials in the Ridge-Schweiker administration are guilty of "dereliction of duty" for allowing a Department of Labor & Industry (L&I) employee to spend nearly $200,000 of public money on inappropriate, unjustified and wasteful expenditures.
The "flagrant misuse of tax dollars" includes at least 1,000 personal cell phone calls to Montana, trips to casinos in Las Vegas and Atlantic City, four coat racks worth $1,300 and novelty clothing items that were given away to colleagues, friends and even a group of square dancers.
As a result of Casey's audit, this official - a former Monroe County commissioner who served as deputy secretary for Safety and Standards from July 2001 to March 2002 and director of the Bureau of Labor Law Compliance (BLLC) from 1995 to July 2001 - has been suspended without pay, but not fired.
"The flagrant misuse of tax dollars at the BLLC was allowed to continue unabated for over 3-1/2 years because top L&I officials and the comptroller's office responsible for auditing L&I did absolutely nothing to scrutinize, question or control the director's inappropriate purchases," Casey said. "The dereliction of duty that occurred at the highest levels of this administration is appalling."
Casey's audit found that the employee used his position of authority and a state credit card to promote a personal agenda, rather than to do his job, which was to enforce the state's prevailing

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.87032
Retrieved Text: PHOENIX — Governor Doug Ducey today announced the appointment of Casey McGinley as a Judge to the Pima County Superior Court.
Casey McGinley is currently a full-time Judge Pro Tempore of the Pima County Superior Court. In this role, he presides over criminal cases. He also serves as an appellate judge on appeals and special actions from Pima County limited jurisdiction courts, and as a judge for both the Restitution Court and the Drug Treatment Alternative to Prison Program.
Casey began his career clerking for Judge Christopher C. Browning on the Arizona Superior Court for Pima County. After his clerkship, Casey took a position as Deputy County Attorney with the Pima County Attorney’s Office where he practiced criminal prosecution for nine years serving in the misdemeanor, vehicular, violent offense and cold case units.
Casey has provided pro bono legal services to several organizations, including Wills for Heroes and Mothers against Drunk Driving. In addition, Casey has volunteered as a professor of practice at the University of Arizona, James E. Rogers College of Law where he taught a course on trial advocacy. He also instructed all incoming and first-time attorneys at the Pima County Attorney’s Office during their initiation to the office and volunteered to assist mock trial teams at both the University of Arizona and St. Gregory Preparatory Academy.
Casey earned his Bachelors of Science in Political Science from the Barrett Honors College at Arizona State University and his law degree from the University of Arizona.
“Casey’s experience in Pima County as a prosecutor will serve to benefit the citizens of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.836567
Retrieved Text: Bella Bridesmaids are owned by the mother/daughter duo of Kathleen Casey and Erin Casey Wolf who have grown the business to 55+ franchises (all owned by women) nationwide since they took over in 2012. Bella Bridesmaids has the largest collection of bridesmaid dresses from the world’s leading designers in their Bella Showrooms - hundreds of dresses to choose from, your personal Bella stylist is ready for anything. They also have an online presence where customers can choose dresses before coming in the store.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.828918
Retrieved Text: When you find the perfect person, everything just fits.
With their shared interests of music, the Gamecocks and Walt Disney World, John and Casey were an immediate match after their chance encounter at a party.
Their fun and funky engagement session in downtown Columbia does a fantastic job of showcasing their relationship and love for one another. Says photographer Alexis Schwallier, "This laid-back engagement session follows the couple getting their favorite coffee, stopping for donuts, creating a DIY bouquet at a local flower truck, and visiting one of their favorite restaurants in town. The restaurant even put up their save the date!"
We've never seen an engagement session that features doughnuts and sub sandwiches, but we need to fix that ASAP. There's nothing like a few tasty treats when you're spending a sweet Saturday morning with the one you love!
Groom-to-be John shares a bit about his relationship with Casey, their Christmas proposal, and that gorgeous peach diamond ring below.
HOW DID YOU AND CASEY MEET?
"I was in a band with one of Casey's best friends from High School.
It was through this friend when we met at a Rubix Cube theme party at their apartment in Columbia. 'Rubix cube?' you may ask.
Well, the goal is to start off wearing items of clothing that are the different colors on a Rubix cube. Throughout the night you were supposed to trade articles of clothing to "solve" the cube.
However, I don't recall anyone succeeding. Eventually we became friends on Twitter and the communication began!"
WHAT MADE YOU PICK OUT THAT RING FOR CASEY?
"Well, it began

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.750229
Retrieved Text: Wedding DJ Mitch Henson from ATG Entertainment was at Johnson Carriage House and Meadows for Brock and Casey’s Wedding Ceremony and Reception. The Johnson Carriage House and Meadows was the venue that Brock & Casey chose to host their Wedding Ceremony and Reception. It is regarded as one of the best venues for a wedding in North Carolina. The staff at the Johnson Carriage House & Meadows were phenomenal in assisting in a seamless production.
Brock and Casey had ATG provide music, mics, and sound for their ceremony. ATG’s ceremony services play an integral part in the flow of the ceremony, setting the emotion with music, and highlighting the Officiant and vows. Once it was time for the reception they also used Mitch Henson one of ATG’s DJ & MC. Casey and Brock had an awesome group of family and friends that were fun, energetic, and ready to have a good time and they certainly did. From the prelude music at the ceremony to the last dance, there was an unmatched sense of love and happiness that this group possessed.
One special element of the Johnson Carriage House and Meadows is it’s versatility. This venue is ideal for accommodating weddings with multiple setups for ceremony, cocktail hour, and reception. With the help of ATG, Brock and Casey took full advantage of these accommodations, which led to a smooth, enjoyable wedding for family and friends.
Brock and Casey’s Wedding Ceremony and Reception was a special evening filled with family and friends. Everyone was extremely friendly and ready to celebrate the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.564621
Retrieved Text: Casey Heynes Defends Himself: Should A Victim of Bullying Fight Back?
Should A Victim of Bullying Ever Fight Back?
Over the last couple of years I have been getting pretty engrossed in the subject of bullying. I’ve listened to heart-rending accounts from the parents of bullied children who committed suicide, also known as bullyicide. I’ve read the stories of parents who have been left feeling frustrated, betrayed and hopeless when every legal attempt they have made to bring the bullies to justice for verbally or physically attacking their children has ended unsatisfactorily. More often than not the offender has been given a ‘punishment’ very similar to a slap on the wrist.
I cannot help but wonder if it is this sense of injustice which sent the YouTube video of a boy standing up to his bully viral.
Casey Heynes is an Australian teenager who has been bullied his entire life by those who feel that he is overweight. He has always been able to ignore them but one day, to use his expression, he snapped. Both Casey and the boy he retaliated against were suspended, but the video made Casey an international hero. At the last count there were four Facebook pages dedicated to him with over 200,000 fans; various video games have been created showing Casey’s character taking on a variety of ‘bad guys’. During his tour of Australia, Justin Bieber flew Casey and his family first class to meet up with him in Melbourne. In part of the conversation Justin is heard saying to Casey that he had

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.485765
Retrieved Text: I pointed out that I’ve got a signed program from the Broadway show First Date on my desk. Niki and I saw First Date for our 15th anniversary back in July and we loved it.
When tightly wound Aaron (Zachary Levi) is set up with serial-dater Casey (Krysta Rodriguez) a quick drink at a busy New York restaurant turns into a hilarious, high-stakes dinner. As the date unfolds in real time, the couple quickly finds they are not alone on this date as Casey and Aaron’s inner critics take on a life of their own when other restaurant patrons and the wait staff get into the act. Dinner is served with sides of Google background checks, fake emergency phone calls, supportive best friends, manipulative exes and protective parents, who sing and dance them through ice-breakers, appetizers and potential conversational land mines. First Date is Broadway’s new hysterical and hopeful new musical about the chances we take to find love.
Critics were mixed. It’s not Phantom or Spamalot or The Producers. As one of them pointed out though, if audiences listened to critics, Wicked wouldn’t be sold out month after month.
When we took our seats I only knew it had Zachary Levi from Chuck and that it would be an interesting show to see to celebrate being married. We soon figured out that we had seen Krysta Rodriguez when she was Wednesday Addams in the Addams Family musical. Even with Nathan Lane and Bebe Neuwirth on stage, Krysta was clearly the star of that show.
When C.K. and Kristin visited

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.463366
Retrieved Text: WTF: Casey Anthony And O.J. Simpson Getting Their Own Reality Show?!
Casey Anthony’s parents say they’ll sue, thank god, if Casey appears on a reality show with O.J. Simpson. How far we have fallen.
It’s just appalling that anyone would offer either of these two, television deals. Regardless of their verdicts both O.J. Simpson and Casey Anthony incite pure outrage from the public that you have to wonder who would even offer the deal? Well, at this point the reality show is ‘just talk’ but more times than most ‘talk’ becomes reality in Hollywood.
Anthony’s parents have broken their unified front stating that neither of them has a relationship with Casey anymore. When asked if they would finally sue Casey if she took the reality show offer, her mother didn’t mince words saying “Oh god, if it came down to that I probably would”.
Anthony still seems to be completely removed from the death of her daughter. In a recent interview with the Associated Press, she coldly stated she doesn’t know what happened during the last few hours of her daughter’s life.
This interview was the first time Casey spoke about the death of her daughter since the trial. At which time she blamed the media for the public’s opinion about her and not the mysterious death of her daughter or her admitted lies to police.
During the discussion, Casey points out that her daughter would be 12-years-old at this time, a grim reminder to society of the life cut tragically short. ” I think she’d be a total bada**”, Casey said

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.431238
Retrieved Text: DSmithImages Wedding Photography, Portraits, and Events took a road trip recently to beautiful St. Augustine, Florida for a very special reason. The reason was that Casey and Charles, who you might remember from their engagement session and the sneak preview of their wedding photos, were tying the knot, and they asked me to provide the wedding photography. It was absolute pleasure of mine to oblige their request, especially since this was my first wedding to photograph in the historic town of St. Augustine.
Casey and Charles' big day was July 13th, and the location of their ceremony was the beautifully historic Basilica Cathedral of St. Augustine. The old church made for just a stunning setting for Casey and Charles to get hitched. Before the ceremony, the couple did a first look in the courtyard of the church while also doing photos at The Treasury, a renovated old bank building that served as the location for their reception. After the ceremony, Casey and Charles enjoyed taking some more photos in the public plaza area of St. Augustine, one of the more historic and older portions of the city.
When pictures were done, it was time for Casey and Charles to party with their friends and family, many who had come from far away, at the reception. The couple had a great idea to label each table at the reception with the name of a location in popular culture. Some guests ate at Hogwarts while others ate at Starr's Hollow. I must say I was a big fan of that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.39339
Retrieved Text: Sutton Casey ventures to Alaska for a new teaching opportunity.
31 years of teaching, 2 degrees, 2 CTE certifications, 6,200 students, and the longest working teacher at GJHS. These numbers point to one teacher at GJHS: Sutton Casey. Casey has spent the majority of her life in Mesa County School District 51 and is now embarking on the adventure of a lifetime: a new teaching job in Alaska.
From the age of 7, Casey has been a part of Mesa County School District 51. She attended Broadway Elementary, Fruita Junior High and she graduated from Fruita Monument High School in 1982. She attended Colorado Mesa University back when it was simply called Mesa College. Despite her start as a Fruita Wildcat, she knew that GJHS was her home, and for many students, her classroom has become their second home. The kitchen is stocked with snacks and students enter her welcoming classroom to a teacher with open arms.
“I came to GJHS because FMHS went to year round school to deal with over crowding and that didn’t work with my family. But, GJHS is my home and I treasure the relationships I have with students and their parents. I love that kids come to my room for peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I always want kids to know that there is a place to be and belong,” Casey said.
While opportunities have presented themselves throughout her career at GJHS, she holds tight to her roots as a Tiger. Her fierce personality and creative classes have provided a job she loves and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.38834
Retrieved Text: Two years ago, when Casey turned 28, he told me that he'd never had a surprise party before and that he didn't think he could ever be surprised anyway. So I took that as a challenge and decided that day to throw him a surprise party when he turned 30. Why wait until 50 or something like that? Everyone needs to experience a surprise party once in their life, I think.
Fast forward to this spring and early summer. Plans were in full swing. The "situation" to lure Casey to the party was set. And everyone was keeping their mouth shut about the surprise after receiving the invitations...coworkers, friends, family.
THEN...the day of the party things almost fell apart. First, the catering company called our house (against explicit instructions) and Casey heard the message. I gave a quick excuse that I prayed he bought. And then one of the well-meaning party-goers showed up at our house for the party...that was at my parents' house! I managed to give them the address discretely and they made it just fine (and without Casey knowing).
And believe it or not, despite those things...either one of which could have totally ruined the surprise at the last minute...Casey WAS surprised. He really didn't suspect a thing. He had no idea on our way over to my parents' house that he was heading to a party for him with 45 of his closest friends and family members. I think he was actually impressed that all of us kept this secret from him. So the surprise

================



======= Instance Index 30536 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan capped off the party.

Question: What will Jan want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: go home

B: a hard worker

C: be at a party

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.633877
Retrieved Text: Mainland Chinese shares plunged after three of the nation™s biggest brokerages were stopped from adding margin-trading accounts. Australian mining shares rose after U.S. oil capped its first weekly advance since November and copper climbed in London.
The Shanghai Composite Index tumbled 4.9 percent by 10:34 a.m. in Tokyo, as brokerages plummeted. BHP Billiton Ltd., the world™s biggest mining company, was the biggest support to the MSCI Asia Pacific Index. Futures on the Standard & Poor™s 500 Index were 0.2 percent higher in holiday trade. West Texas Intermediate oil slipped 0.8 percent and copper in London rose after its biggest two-day gain since September 2013. The Swiss franc slipped 0.4 percent against the dollar.
Chinese regulators are tightening control of margin investing amid concern that a six-month, 63 percent stock surge may lead to instability. Stocks in the U.S., where markets are closed for Martin Luther King Day, jumped Jan. 16 as a rebound in oil tempered fallout from the Swiss National Bank abandoning a cap on the franc and lower earnings at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. The European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan meet on policy this week while Greece holds an election Jan. 25 that may see an anti-austerity party take power.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.639019
Retrieved Text: Government will co-contribute superannuation up to a lower maximum cap in the 2012-13 year.
The matching rate indicate the rate that the government will match you in every dollar that you contribute into your superannuation.
The low income threshold will trigger off a phasing out of the co-contribution amount until the cut-off level is reached.
You will NOT receive any co-contribution for any income earned above the cut-off level.
In the year 2012-13, Stephen has an adjusted taxable income (ATI) of $33,000. His employer has made $2,970 of Superannuation Guarantee contribution for him.
With an ATI of less than $37,000, Stephen will receive a government contribution equivalent to 15% tax of his total concessional contributions made during the year. Therefore, he will receive (15% x $2,970) $445.50 in government contribution.
This government contribution is capped at $500.
In the year 2012-13, Jan has income of $295,000. During the year, his employer has made $23,000 of SG contributions into his super fund.
The tax rate on concessional contributions has increased from 15% to 30% for earners with income greater than $300,000. Jan’s total income for the year is $318,000 ($295,000 + $23,000).
The 30% tax will be applied against the $18,000 of his concessional contributions. As a result of this increased tax, Jan will pay additional contribution tax of $2,700 ($18,000 x (30%-15%)) in comparative to the previous financial year where the tax is at 15%.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.048689
Retrieved Text: The 18th annual Art Directors Guild Awards for excellence in production design have been set for Feb. 8 at the Beverly Hilton.
The ADG Awards will take place during the lengthy hiatus between the major guild awards, capped by the WGAs on Feb. 1, and the Oscars on March 2.
Online nominations voting for the awards will take place from Dec. 29-Jan. 8, with nominations announced Jan. 9, one day after voting for the Academy Award nominations end. Final voting for the ADGs will take place from Jan. 10-Feb. 6.
Television, commercial and musicvideo submissions are due Nov. 15. Film entries are set by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.87972
Retrieved Text: Jan and Peter’s Anniversary in Mark!
A1 Security Services had a lot of work on Saturday. In fact we were overstretched. With Norman out and about making the county of Essex secure with a new recruit, it was left up to young Lesley Driver (not that young so as he can’t grow facial hair!) and myself to ensure that the joint 65th birthday party and wedding anniversary of Peter and Jan went off without a hitch. It was in a lovely boozer in the sticks of Somerset and all party guests had their names taken and were thoroughly ‘security checked over’. You see as the Landlord Derek was having to tell his regulars who enquired why their happened to be two security guards outside the function room ‘it may kick off tonight with this lot!’ – you can’t be too careful. All did pass off peacefully and every one of the guests, very old and younger, were lovely. They had to be, as the Waiters that followed were in the mood for some buffet chaos. We do it all!
Comedy Waiters in Mark (Somerset) for Jan and Peters Party!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.866549
Retrieved Text: Let’s hope Santa keeps chimney soot off this fur-trimmed gift sack! The roomy, red velvet sack with pom-pom-capped drawstring cord is the perfect answer for Christmas surprises under the tree, or holiday party gifts. At 27"H x 31"H it’s almost big enough for Santa to carry a little something for every little girl and boy.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.821613
Retrieved Text: After a bumpy start, composite decking is gaining market share. The company developed one of the first capped products, called Correct Deck CX. By 2009 complaining about mold, cracking and discoloration problems with their decking.
Nov 2, 2016 Capped Composite Decking and find out which is right for you. PVC decking is backed by a limited lifetime warranty for the same issues.
I know Warrenco Fire has had lawsuit problems in the. significant difference between the big boys is what they do with their cap around the deck board.
Feb 1, 2016 TrapEase 3 is the only deck screw guaranteed to create a clean Horizon; Fiberon Paramount; Deckorators; MoistureShield; Veranda; ChoiceDek in all three types of synthetic decking: composite, PVC and cap stock.
Capped composites now rule the roost, but uncapped decking isn't going away just as a solution to the well-known problems with first-generation deck boards.
Jan 18, 2007 Has anyone found Veranda composite decking material to be Depot who recently inspected the deck and confirmed the staining problem.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.791603
Retrieved Text: WESTON, Mass. – Regis College was taken the distance by Eastern Nazarene College both in terms of overall sets, as a deciding fifth set was needed, and in the final set, as extra points had to be played, but the Pride was able to pull out a 3-2 victory (25-12, 16-25, 25-15, 23-25, 16-14) over the Lions Thursday night in a non-conference men's collegiate volleyball match at Higgins Court.
Matt Ferrara (Haverhill, Mass.) notched his first career double-double, leading the Pride with 18 kills and 14 digs, plus he collected two service aces and five total blocks. Fellow newcomer Kostea Andreenko (Marstons Mills, Mass.) finished with 10 kills and seven total blocks, Inelson Alves (Brockton, Mass.) contributed nine kills, nine digs, and two block assists, and Drew Beimel (Redondo Beach, Calif.) added eight kills and 10 digs to the winning effort.
Eastern Nazarene (2-2) took a 5-3 lead in the final set on a kill by Tim Eddings, but Regis went on a 9-2 scoring run, capped by a service ace by Fernando Gomez (San Juan, Puerto Rico), to pull ahead, 12-7. A block by Andreenko and a kill from Ferrara brought about several chances to win the match for the Pride, but the Lions rattled off five straight points, starting with two blocks and including a kill from James Garofalo, to tie the set at 14-14.
After Regis's second timeout of the set, Alves earned a kill to bring about the Pride's sixth match point opportunity. A short rally ensued, but Beimel was able to finally put away

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.735687
Retrieved Text: The 45th Anniversary celebration kicked off with a golf outing on Friday, July 28, 2017, followed by a Welcome Party - A Taste of Hawaii later in the evening, and capped off on Saturday, July 29, with a formal dinner.
Rotary Club of Ala Moana celebrated this milestone with its four SIster clubs: Rotary Club of Abiko, Rotary Club of Feng Yuan, Rotary Club of Hiroshima Jounan, and Rotary Club of Osaka South West. The celebration began with a golf outing followed by a Welcome Party at Kapiolani Community College on Friday evening. Members were treated to a "Taste of Hawaii" evening featuring flavors of Hawaii including a live pineapple cutting demonstration. On Saturday, members reconnected at Oahu Country Club for a formal dinner featuring a live quartet while dining.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.694338
Retrieved Text: 15% Off Birthday Party Supplies expires Jan .
15% Off New Years Party Supply Orders over $69.99.Stock up on hats, glasses, balloons, glow sticks, and decorations.
15% Off New Years Party Supply Orders over $69.99. Stock up on hats, glasses, balloons, glow sticks, and decorations.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.67011
Retrieved Text: Jessica Biel capped off her naughty and cheeky social media activities throughout Justin Timberlake‘s “Man of the Woods Tour” with a heartfelt tribute video. The 37-year-old actress took to Instagram on Saturday, April 13 to send a sweet message to her husband as he delivered his final show at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut that night.
Justin celebrated the end of “Man of the Woods Tour” with a party with friends and crew members. Jessica also shared on her account a series of Polaroid pictures taken from the simple bash.
“Polaroid party!” she captioned it, adding the hashtags #lastshow, #motwtour and #friendsandfamily.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.419006
Retrieved Text: N O R T H A M E R I C A N B I R D S 306 West Indies & Bermuda Grand Bahama may be the only one in the Bahamas. An Anhinga at Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary, Barbados 2 Jan (JM) was locally rare. A Magnificent Frigatebird tarried at Bermuda 28-31 Jan (PW). Single American Bitterns were seen at Wil - son Pond, New Providence 6 Dec (WP) and Pinders Point, Grand Bahama 3-5 Jan (BP, m.ob.). A Gray Heron at the Bird Sanctuary, St. Vincent and the Grenadines 21 Jan (MPa) is likely the bird reported there since 2012. A Purple Heron discovered at Woodbourne Shorebird Refuge, Barbados 22 Dec (WB) was last seen 8 Feb (JWe); this is the first record for Barbados and the Region, but there are records from Brazil. Little Egret, a regular species in many islands of the Lesser Antilles, was at last documented on Dominica, a bird discovered at Roseau 11 Jan (JT) and still present on 20 Jan (JT, EE). Although no longer surprising to the s. part of the Region, a Little Egret was at Charca Salobre, Los Amadores, Puerto Rico 27 Nov (ph. JI) and another near Lameshur Bay, St. John 7 Jan (RRV et al.) were locally rare, the latter a first record for the U. S. Virgin Is - lands. A Black-crowned Night-Heron was on the Providenciales beaches, Turks & Caicos 15 Dec (PC), where it is an uncommon visitor. A Glossy Ibis, uncommon in the Lesser Antilles, was observed on

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.344254
Retrieved Text: My friend Jan has been a director for many years in the animation industry. He just started at Wild Brain (well, a few weeks back). His inaugural mission with the company is at least two months in India helping to get production for a children’s series going (it’s being produced by Wild Brain, just the animation is going overseas). I had a chance of going, but the fine folks at the studio in Bangalore have their act together on the technical side of things (such is life, I would have liked to have gone, but I’m not going to fret over it). So, since Jan leaves the Bay Area on Friday a few of us got together and planned a little party to send him off right. We all met at the Whitney House (home of Keith and Colin, party masters) and had some drinks, talked, and had some awesome food. Two kinds of ribs, hot wings, Keith’s amazing broccoli casserole. It was all so good.
I’m pretty sure Jan had fun. At least we were able to send him off so he knows that we’ll miss him. Now we just have to plan the party for when he comes back.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.336197
Retrieved Text: Sun Valley Ski Education Foundation Gold Team cross-country racer Simeon "Simi" Hamilton, 24, of Aspen is one of six American athletes competing this week in the prestigious Tour de Ski Nordic stage race at sites in Germany and Italy.
Hamilton, a 5-10, 180-pounder from Middlebury College, was a 2010 Olympian. This will be his debut start in the Tour de Ski. Now in its fifth season, the intense tour features nine races in 11 days from Dec. 29-Jan. 8 at five venues.
Tour de Ski will be an interesting challenge for the Americans, enjoying their strongest season opening results in modern Nordic World Cup annuals.
"I'm really excited," said Hamilton, a member of the U.S. Nordic Ski Team "B" Team. "This type of event is unique, to say the least. It takes the best parts of events like the Tour de France and combines them with the short-term excitement of cross-country skiing."
Known for his sprinting ability, Hamilton will get more chances to work on his distance racing. His U.S. teammates are veterans Kikkan Randall of Anchorage, Andy Newell of Vermont and Kris Freeman of New Hampshire, plus first-time Tour de Ski participants Holly Brooks of Anchorage and Liz Stephen of Vermont.
Freeman placed 28th in last year' Tour de Ski and Randall was ninth in the sprint ranks.
U.S. Head Cross Country coach Chris Grover said, "With no major championships this winter, the Tour de Ski is the focal point of the 2011-12 season for many athletes. This is our biggest team we've sent to the Tour. It demonstrates the U.S.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.280867
Retrieved Text: Winnipeg Jets center Jack Roslovic, Philadelphia Flyers goaltender Carter Hart and New York Rangers center Mika Zibanejad have been named the NHL’s “Three Stars” for the week ending Feb. 3.
Roslovic tied for the League lead in scoring with six points (5-1—6 in 4 GP) as the Central Division-leading Jets won three of four starts to improve their overall record to 34-16-2 (70 points). He began the week by notching Winnipeg’s only goal in a 3-1 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers Jan. 28. After being held off the scoresheet in a 4-3 shootout victory over the Boston Bruins Jan. 29, Roslovic recorded one goal in a 4-3 win over the Columbus Blue Jackets Jan. 31. He finished the week by recording 3-1—4, his first career hat trick and four-point game, in a 9-3 triumph over the Anaheim Ducks Feb. 2. Selected 25th overall by Winnipeg in the 2015 NHL Draft, the 22-year-old native of Columbus, Ohio, is in his third campaign with the Jets and has posted 7-9—16 in 51 games this season.
Hart went 3-0-0 with a 2.27 goals-against average and .931 save percentage to help the Flyers (23-23-6, 52 points) register a perfect 4-0-0 week and extend the NHL’s longest active winning streak to seven games. He began the week by making 31 saves in a 3-1 victory over the Winnipeg Jets on Jan. 28. On Jan. 31 he stopped 23 shots in a 3-2 overtime win over the Boston Bruins and capped the week with a career-high 40 save performance in a 5-4 overtime victory

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.207535
Retrieved Text: RDF International School is a newly formed boarding institution situated in Dapeng, Shenzhen. In 2017, RDF took strides to establish athletic programs by creating competitive volleyball, basketball, and soccer teams. The next year, the Eagles were accepted into the Shenzhen International School Athletic Conference as full members for both Middle School and High School. Our goal is to provide quality athletic opportunities for all students at RDF International School .
Friday Jan. 25: What a week for the teams at RDF. HS Boys basketball capped off their season with a home win against Merchiston in a friendly. On Thursday, the MS Volleyball teams were in action against league opponents SIS and SWIS. Both boys and girls finished with one win each and really improved their skill. They will play again on Feb. 25 at GOS. RDF Athletics are about to begin the Spring Season. HS options include Soccer, Track & Field, Tennis, and Badminton while MS students can participate in Track & Field and Basketball. We are excited for these new sports and look forward to supporting our eagles after the Spring Festival!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.142078
Retrieved Text: On Wednesday, August 15th, follow the white rabbit to the Taj Rooftop for a Mad Hatter Tea Party, featuring stellar views and boozy tea cocktails that will have you grinning like the Cheshire Cat. This very important date starts at 5:30pm, so head over after work for tea sandwiches and scones, hors d’oeuvres, and sweets while you sip drinks curated by Jenwey Tea’s sommelier made with Ketel One Botanicals. This Mad Hatter event will be capped off with live music from Classical Oasis. Tickets are all-inclusive at $68; snag yours here.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.0465
Retrieved Text: Wood Plastic Composite Floor, WPC Outdoor Floor, Hollow Floor manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Ocox Popular Long Life WPC Decking Floor, WPC Flooring, Ocox Solid Co Extrusion Capped WPC Decking Flooring, New Generation Capped Composite Decking and so on.
Company Overview: Established in 2004, Zhejiang New Insight Material Technology Co., Ltd is the pioneer of Chinese WPC industry. We specialize in designing and manufacturing quality wood-plastic composite building products including decking, railing, fencing, fascia, pergola, outdoor products, and more.
brazil wood plastic composite , - WPC OUTDOOR DECKING ,Jan 15, 2015 , 2013 New Style and Popular WPC decking/high quality/China. , Wood Plastic Composite WPC Garden/Outdoor Decking Fence/Flooring , style selections decking timbertech, Wood Plastic Composite ,wpc decking.
Popular Style China Outdoor Decking Floor , Find Complete Details about Popular Style China Outdoor Decking Floor,New Design Wpc Deck,Wpc Decking,Wood Plastic Composite Flooring from Supplier or Manufacturer-Linyi MiaoLian International Trading Co., Ltd.
WPC, WPC Decking, Flooring manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Hot Sales 3D Wood Plastic Composite Grain WPC Flooring, Popular 3D Wood Grain WPC Wood Plastic Composite Flooring, 3D Wood Grain WPC Wood Plastic Composite Decking and so on.
Composite Decking, Decking Floor, WPC Flooring manufacturer / supplier in China, offering New Model WPC Wood Plastic Composite Decking Floor, Ocox Solid Co Extrusion Capped WPC Decking Flooring, New Generation Capped Composite Decking and so on.
Wood Plastic Composite: a material of the future - Greentins instilled in popular culture - an engineering company, EIN Engineering, invented and developed a Wood Plastic Composite material is widely available today in Asia, and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.961489
Retrieved Text: Finish off your room with the perfect lights and fans from Overstock.com Your Online Home Decor Store.
Display auction description subtitle within search results: Display auction icons within search results: Display my highest proxy bid when viewing results.Microsoft Azure is an open,. right-size, and migrate your on. Capped Bust Dimes Large Size Capped Bust Dimes Small Size. icon. Read more.Sizes available are 28. leather wallet Mens Belt Mens Wallet motorcyclesidebag purse rabbit racoon Saddle bags Sissy Bar Bag.
Main Coin Forum Coin Roll Hunting Forum Identification Forum Third Party Grading Forum Coin Photography Forum Tokens. 2005 Buffalo nickel. of Coin Community or.
Wayte Raymond boards were the state of the art in coin preservation in the 1930s.
View Life Size Image. men. wallets. New York Transit Token Money Clip Wallet.Party Size. For 2 Date. Today. Time. 7. Appetizers at Triple Nickel include BBQ Buffalo. please retain this in order to receive a discounted token from your.At The Token Shop we want to be your one stop shop for 12-Step AA Coins, AA Tokens, and 24 Hour AA Chips.
Amd Etherium Mining Rig Matching Gigabyte 570plug In Wallet And.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.899809
Retrieved Text: Less than a month after playing his final game for Michigan State, Brian Allen will work out for NFL scouts. Allen, a center, accepted an invitation to play in the East-West Shrine Game for NFL hopefuls on Jan. 20 at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Fla. He capped his college career with the No. 16 Spartans (10-3, 7-2 Big Ten) in their 42-17 Holiday Bowl win against Washington State in San Diego on Thursday.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.809813
Retrieved Text: <10:50:16> “psyopticon”: Hi Guys, thanks for the invite, Jan. Can’t talk right now; people with me.
<10:56:06> “psyopticon”: In UK, open/free water sources (public wells, aquafers,etc) are being capped by the Government, on the grounds of public health. We MUST buy water from giant private corporations.
<11:46:38> “UNreal”: Oslo Time Out !
<11:55:43> “UNreal”: Bin Laden !
This entry was posted in Audiochats on August 12, 2014 by ab.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.737299
Retrieved Text: How to Install Capped Composite Decking Over Concrete Nov 5, 2016 If you have a concrete patio that you want to transform into a more beautiful and impactful outdoor space, installing capped composite decking over the Mark the sleeper locations on the patio before you start drilling (remember to note the extra sleepers if you're adding stairs or railings to the deck area).
Railing & Concrete Mount Installation on Vimeo Aug 12, 2013 Thank you for choosing the durability and strength of our Weatherables Vinyl Railing! This guide applies to all railing kits (using a concrete mount for concrete) and will help make your installation easy. If you have any questions, please call 1-888-743-3673 - we're happy to help.
Railing & Concrete Mount Installation - YouTube Jan 17, 2017 Thank you for choosing the durability and strength of our Weatherables Vinyl Railing! This guide applies to all railing kits (using a concrete mount for concrete) and will help make your installation easy. If you have any questions, please call 1-888-743-3673 - we're happy to help.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.71434
Retrieved Text: Star Sightings: Beyonce and JAY-Z Celebrate GRAMMYs Weekend, Demi Lovato Gets Her Fitness On & More!
It was a big week for music -- and the stars came out to celebrate!
Beyonce and Alicia Keys honored Queen Bey's husband, JAY-Z, at Clive Davis’ pre-GRAMMY gala on Jan. 27, where they partied it up with friends and Josh Cellars wine.
Kelly Clarkson spent the night singing at The Cutting Room in New York City, while Jaden Smith performed his own secret show at Schimanski across the river in Brooklyn.
Jamie Foxx held his pre-GRAMMY bash the same day, hanging out with fellow Prive Revaux partner Ashley Benson. The pair danced along with a brass band and signing autographs for fans.
Music events were going on even in the week as well. Missy Elliott was honored at the ESSENCE Black Women in Music event at New York City's Highline Ballroom on Jan. 25.
Sting and Shaggy struck a pose at Spotify's Best New Artist party at Skylight Clarkson in the Big Apple.
Rita Ora hit up The Chainsmokers x Velocity Black Pre-GRAMMY Awards party, sponsored by Absolut Elyx and Tommy Hilfiger, at The Bowery Hotel in New York City on Jan. 26.
Actress Juana Burga attended the Warner Music Pre-GRAMMY party on Jan. 25, where Cardi B performed.
And Eminem took the stage for a Citi Sound Vault event at New York City’s Irving Plaza on Jan. 26.
While the music industry was living it up, other stars took time to focus on health and wellness.
Demi Lovato celebrated her third capsule collection with Fabletics at the athleisure brand’s

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.702358
Retrieved Text: The Curvy Fitted Dress is the most flattering dress for this summer! The top is a sweet heart neckline with rouching at the bust and a simple bow and features a small capped sleeve that can be worn on or slightly off the shoulders. Directly under the bustline is a small triangular cut-out, showing just enough skin for a hot summer day. The skirt is fitted with a rouching in the front to enhance your curves and falls just below the knee with a slit in the front to finish off this summer style. This dress is in our classic hot pink millenium fabric to make all of your curves look fabulous! You want to get this dress fast so you can be the hit of your next event or party!!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.551567
Retrieved Text: Well, lucky for you there are only two types of composite decking on the market: solid and hollow. Solid looks hollow composite decking has a more man-made look. The material degraded from exposure to hot temperatures and sunlight.
hollow vs. Solid. When it comes to comparing hollow and solid composite decking there is a lot of negative literature written independent test results which confirm the stability, durability and longevity of our hollow profile composite boards.
1 Jan 2012 The uniform consistency of the composite material is evident when you look at the end of a sample. Figure 3. GeoDeck is a rare hollow composite decking, and it uses rice hulls and waste paper fiber rather than wood flour.
Wood Plastic Composite hollow decking waterproof,China wpc manufactory hollow and groove composite decking china . China best rated composite boat decking high quality material factory directly synthetic teak decking.
11 Mar 2013 List of composite, capped, and pvc decking manufacturers. Vinyl Deck hollow pvc; EverNew LT capped cellular pvc; EverNew PT capped wood- plastic composite. Crawford Industries, LLC; 608/875-7040, enduraboard.
In the world of outdoor flooring, composite decking materials are becoming bigger and bigger. because these kind of composite deckings have a soft structure, and in this case a hollow board could be more fragile if the material is the same.
hollow Composite decking Board, Wholesale Various High Quality hollow Composite decking Board Products from Global hollow Composite decking Board Non-Slip hollow Recycled Wood Plastic Composite Floor decking Boards.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.513275
Retrieved Text: EDMONTON — Superstar centre Connor McDavid will begin rehabilitating his leg immediately.
McDavid left Edmonton's 3-1 victory over Calgary on April 6 with a left leg injury after crashing into the Flames net in the second period.
Oilers CEO Bob Nicholson confirmed McDavid had an MRI following the incident and at the time said the team was "still evaluating it but it's not as serious as we thought."
McDavid's injury capped a disappointing season for the Oilers that included firing head coach Todd McLellan on Nov. 20 and general manager Peter Chiarelli on Jan. 23.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.494072
Retrieved Text: Calgary, Jan. 2, 2014 – December’s eight per cent year-over-year increase in sales volume in the city of Calgary capped a year that saw an 11 per cent growth in sales volume for the entire 12 months.
CREB® is ranked as one of the largest real estate boards in Canada. It is a professional body of more than 5,000 licensed brokers and registered associates, representing 235 member offices. One of the main functions of CREB® is the operation of the Multiple Listing Service® (MLS®) System.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.491903
Retrieved Text: Assumed Office: Dec. 21, 1790 – Dec. 17, 1799. Succeeded by: Thomas McKean. Party Affiliation: Federalist. D.O.B: January 10, 1744.
Fun Fact: The Continental Army's first Quarter-General during the War of Independence.
Assumed Office: Dec. 17, 1799 – Dec. 20, 1808. Succeeded by: Simon Snyder. Party Affiliation: Federalist/D-R. D.O.B: March 17, 1734.
Fun Fact: At the age of eighty, he led a Philadelphia citizens group to organize a strong defense during the War of 1812.
Assumed Office: Dec. 20, 1808 – Dec. 16, 1817. Succeeded by: William Findlay. Party Affiliation: Republican/Democrat. D.O.B: November 5, 1759.
Fun Fact: A street in south Philadelphia was named in his honor.
Assumed Office: Dec. 16, 1817 – Dec. 19, 1820. Succeeded by: Joseph Hiester. Party Affiliation: Republican/Democrat. D.O.B: June 20, 1768.
Fun Fact: Tried to construct a canal and turnpike, but were not acted on because of the Panic of 1819.
Assumed Office: Dec. 19, 1820 – Dec. 16, 1823. Succeeded by: John Andrew Shulze. Party Affiliation: Republican/Democrat. D.O.B: November 18, 1752.
Fun Fact: Known as "Old German Gray," and was captured and imprisoned by the British.
Assumed Office: Dec. 16, 1823 – Dec. 15, 1829. Succeeded by: George Wolf. Party Affiliation: Republican/Democrat. D.O.B: July 19, 1775.
Fun Fact: Shulze Hall, located on the campus of Penn State University, was named in his honor.
Assumed Office: Dec. 15, 1829 – Dec. 15, 1835. Succeeded by: Joseph Ritner. Party Affiliation: Republican/Democrat. D.O.B: August 12, 1777.
Fun Fact: Began Pennsylvania's first statewide public school system.
Assumed Office: Dec. 15, 1835 – Jan. 15, 1839. Succeeded by: David Rittenhouse Porter. Party Affiliation: Anti-Mason. D.O.B: March 25, 1780.
Fun

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.478645
Retrieved Text: What can I bring for a lobby party?
Jan 6, 2012 // by ddmg // // Comments Off on What can I bring for a lobby party?
Cake, Ice Cream, table covering, balloons if they are tied down, presents. Don’t forget to bring paper products, cake knife, and ice cream scooper.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.44964
Retrieved Text: NASHVILLE, Tenn. - - Behind 23 points and nine rebounds from senior All-America candidate Dylan Windler (Indianapolis, Ind.), Belmont University men's basketball defeated Tennessee Tech, 79-67, Saturday.
Freshman Nick Muszynski (Pickerington, Ohio) capped a 13-0 run in the latter portion of the first half as Belmont seized a 42-32 halftime lead.
The Bruins maintained a double figure lead throughout the second half behind stingy defense and the all-court play of Windler.
Senior Kevin McClain (Jennings, Fla.) strung together a remarkable halfcourt bounce feed to junior Seth Adelsperger (Peru, Ind.) for two with a twisting reverse layin of his own for a 54-41 lead with 13:44 left.
A Windler wing 3-pointer made the score 61-45 with 10:59 remaining.
The teams combined to shoot 29 second half free throws.
Belmont outscored Tennessee Tech 42-30 in the paint and 27-14 in bench points as nine Bruins scored.
Aside from Windler, Muszynski and Adelsperger added 12 points each.
Malik Martin led Tennessee Tech (5-10, 1-1 OVC) with 17 points.
Belmont (10-3, 1-1 OVC) returns to game action Thursday, Jan. 10 vs. Morehead State. Tip-off is set for 6:30 p.m. CT from Curb Event Center.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.338531
Retrieved Text: FUGITIVE CAPTURED Jan. 5th, 2013 -- The King County Sheriff's Office says it was a WMW viewer tip called into Crime Stoppers that led deputies to Farrell Gordon at a house party in Normandy Park. Sgt. Cindi West says the party was pretty well-sized, and when deputies hit the scene -- Gordon tried to 'boogey' off the balcony -- but thought twice, and surrendered.

================



======= Instance Index 31885 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall followed the doctor's advice.

Question: WHy Kendall do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: take their medication

B: get mroe sick

C: get better

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.813345
Retrieved Text: The election of self-licensed adviser Neil Kendall has sparked speculation that the FPA may take firmer stands on “product-centric advice" and vertical integration.
>Yesterday the FPA announced that Tupicoffs managing director Neil Kendall will be taking on the role of chair from late November – just months after taking steps to make his practice compliant with the Corporations Act definition of an “independent” financial service provider.
“Being independent means we have no ownership links or affiliations with product manufacturers - we believe this is the future for financial planning in Australia,” Mr Kendall said at that time.
Mr Kendall is also an active member of the Boutique Financial Planners (BFP) lobby group – as are incoming board members Marisa Broome and Delma Newton – which has been a longstanding advocate of greater AFSL ownership transparency and a critic of vertical integration.
Reflecting on the appointment of Mr Kendall, veteran adviser Tony Bates of Sydney boutique Bluepoint Consulting said it bodes well for the association’s policy agenda.
“The appointment of IFA Neil Kendall as chair and other IFAs to the [FPA] board is at long last a huge leap in the right direction,” Mr Bates told ifa.
“Neil is one of us; he trod the same path as me and others from product-centric advice to client-centric advice.
Mr Bates – who has re-joined the FPA after letting his membership and CFP accreditation lapse more than a decade ago – hopes that the election will help other “disenfranchised IFAs” reconsider joining the association and fighting for a return to “Gwen Fletcher’s consumer-focused organisation”.
However, AIOFP executive

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.424006
Retrieved Text: Valium (diazepam) is a benzodiazepine (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). Diazepam affects chemicals in the brain that may be unbalanced in people with anxiety.
Valium is used to treat anxiety disorders, alcohol withdrawalsymptoms, or muscle spasms.
Valium is sometimes used with other medications to treat seizures.
Do not start or stop taking Valium during pregnancy without your doctor's advice. Diazepam may cause harm to an unborn baby, but having a seizure during pregnancy could harm both the mother and the baby. Tell your doctor right away if you become pregnant while taking diazepam for seizures.
When treating seizures, do not start or stop taking Valium during pregnancy without your doctor's advice. Valium may cause harm to an unborn baby, but having a seizure during pregnancy could harm both the mother and the baby. Tell your doctor right away if you become pregnant while taking Valium for seizures.
Diazepam can pass into breast milk and may harm a nursing baby. You should not breast-feed while using this medicine.
Valium is not approved for use by anyone younger than 6 months old. Do not give this medicine to a child without a doctor's advice.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.367586
Retrieved Text: You may feel physical weakness. But you can overcome your tendency towards illness through exercise and an outdoor lifestyle.
You will maintain a healthy and exuberant lifestyle into your middle years. But at that time you will be vulnerable to serious illnesses. Follow your doctor's advice if you want to stay fit.
You have to give an extra push to add pleasant zigzags and curves in your life. Try to add excitement to your life by adding new things or by taking a trip.
You are rather cold and practical. Money is probably more important to you than love. But if you are aware of this danger, you can correct it. Make an extra effort to be loyal and faithful to your partner.
There's a rocky road ahead in terms of your affection, money, and lifestyle. Expect long runs of good luck to be followed by a difficult period of the same length. Be prepared to learn from your mistakes.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.680685
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Steroid Underground' started by Kendall Kay, Oct 11, 2018.
New and looking for advice on how to get toned up and shredded. I need to get back into great shape like I used to be! Any and all advice would be amazing!
Well you’ve done it once you can do it again right?
There’s a nutrition forum for questions regarding diet, training forum, and womens forum with some great members. Posting in the appropriate forums will get you better advice. Good luck on the journey.
NandroXL, MisterSuperGod, Tizzousa and 1 other person like this.
HIGHRISK and LA_1988 like this.
NorthMich, picholas and Kendall Kay like this.
T-Bagger, Tizzousa, LA_1988 and 1 other person like this.
Did you just assume his/her/it's gender?!?!?
BigBaldBeardGuy and JackSmooth like this.
Your damn right I did.
picholas and Kendall Kay like this.
Yes I can just not as young as I was. Thank you for the info!
GH takes forever, and is Very Expensive. I would stick to the Var, make sure Diet is set according to your Goals, and Lift more. A lot of ppl think doing Cardio is Best. I disagree, I think lifting more will get you where you need to be. Your still burning calories, and building Lean Muscle as well. Goodluck, definetely don’t go throwing a Bunch of AAS to tone up. Keep it simple, and work for what you want.
MisterSuperGod and Xragexx like this.
T-Bagger and Cornfed like this.
Uttukuxul and Gaynz39 like this.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.487026
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and 76ers basketball player Ben Simmons may only be a rumored couple but already, the pair has mastered the art of coordinated dressing. They were seen on May 31 heading into Beverly Hills’ Waldorf Astoria hotel wearing matching head-to-toe black looks.
Kendall was wearing a black sweater from Raf Simons that she wore with a pair of black skinny pants and '90s-style Dr. Martens boots. It was the perfect look for a casual night out with a friend or, well, a date. If you're in the market for a splurge-worthy black V-neck, you can shop Kendall's exact look here.
Also in head-to-toe black, Ben was sporting a short-sleeved T-shirt, black jeans and sneakers, and a black baseball cap. He followed a few feet behind Kendall as they emerged from their car in an attempt to enter the hotel. That said, when are the Jenners ever able to enter anywhere quietly?
Rumors about Kendall and Ben began earlier this week after Page Six reported that the duo had been seen together on multiple occasions in Los Angeles.
Regardless, whether they're preparing to go Instagram official in the coming days or simply keeping their relationship plutonic, one thing is for sure: their twinning is on-point.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.316942
Retrieved Text: Ask for help in time - don't wait too long.
Consult another doctor than yourself - AVOID self-medicating.
Be sure that this is a normal consultation, with proper records kept etc.
Ask the doctor for all the information and advice that s/he usually give patients with the same illness.
No shortcuts. No 'corridor consultations'. If you are hospitalized, ask that ordinary routines and examinations be followed.
Do your best to follow the doctor's advice about sick-leave, diet, medication etc. if you get little or no advice, be courageous and ask for it!
Ask yourself why you became unwell. Is there something in your lifestyle that should/can be changed?
The sick doctor is first and foremost a patient under your care. Treat the doctor-patient just like that.
Ensure open communication both ways between you and your doctor-patient, but remember that he or she can be quite reduced by illness.
Listen to the doctor-patient, but say clearly what you think is the best treatment etc.
Do not leave it to the doctor-patient to make arrangements for examinations, tests etc.
As with any patient, write a case record, write prescriptions and make an appointment for a return visit.
Do not hesitate to urge hospitalisation if you find it necessary. Follow your usual routine.
If the doctor-patient wants to be anonymous (not known as a doctor) respect this wish.
Give thorough information, not less than you usually give to your patients. Do not hesitate to repeat the information.
If you are a hospital doctor then you are the one to make decisions as to when the doctor-patient should be discharged from the hospital, and when

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.28674
Retrieved Text: Kendall and Kylie Jenner may have pulled all offending merchandise from their social media and official website after both The Doors and the estate of hip hop artist Notorious B.I.G. slammed them with brutal cease-and-desist orders, but that’s not stopping the flow of people taking them to task!
Ouch! Not long after, Kendall and Kylie issued identical statements apologizing for their poor judgment and despite offering up high praise for the artists whose work they co-opted for their own benefit, it looks a lot like they’ll be following Sharon’s advice and doing just that: sticking to their budding makeup empires.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.143717
Retrieved Text: There are many different types of heart conditions, and coronary heart disease is the most common. Heart conditions may affect the way people live their everyday lives, and may affect holiday plans, but it certainly shouldn't put people off travelling abroad completely.
If you have a heart condition and you want to travel abroad, there are certain types of travel and modes of transport that would be more suitable for you than others. Plan your trip thoroughly so that you can enjoy your holiday safely.
Another important element to consider before you go away is travel insurance for your heart condition.
Heart conditions vary in severity. Your doctor is the best person to discuss your holiday plans with, as they can advise you on the suitability of your proposed holiday destination. Remember, your travel insurance may not cover you if you are travelling against your doctor's advice.
To accompany your holiday abroad, buy travel insurance than includes cover for your heart condition. You will need to declare your heart condition when you buy your travel insurance policy and answer some medical screening questions to help your travel insurance provider assess the severity of your condition so that they can provide appropriate cover.
The British Heart Foundation has confirmed in a news article that people travelling with heart conditions are perfectly safe to fly. Their advice for people with heart conditions is similar to advice that's given to people without heart conditions.
To reduce your chances of developing a blood clot, try not to sit in the same position for too long. Walk

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.140015
Retrieved Text: Nicotinell 7mg Patch is designed to help you combat withdrawal symptoms associated with stopping smoking.
A patch which lasts 24 hours, suitable for people who smoke 10 or less cigarettes per day and suffer early morning cravings. To be used after Step 2 of the Nicotinell patch programme. Patches should not be used for more than three months without a doctor's advice.
Pack contains a 7 day supply. Peel off the backing and place on a clean, dry and hairless area of the skin. These 7mg patches should be used after completion of Step 2 - 14mg patches.
Not to be used by non-smokers or occasional smokers. Avoid use in severe heart conditions, severe angina, brain injury and skin sensitivity or disease. Use with care if high blood pressure, controlled angina, heart disease, diabetes, overactive thyroid and stomach ulcers. Use in pregnancy and breast feeding only under a doctor's advice. Patch contains 7mg Nicotine released over 24 hours.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.098547
Retrieved Text: Author and Leadership Seminar plenary speaker Peggy Kendall provides a summary of research on computer-mediated-communication in reader-friendly terms and real-life insight, stories, and advice from middle school, high school, and college-aged students who use social media on a regular basis, advice and insight from Christian parents, and a summary of parenting advice from leading scholars and authors. Includes practical parenting tips and discussion starters. Winner of the iParenting Media Award.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.084011
Retrieved Text: It's often said that there's strength in numbers. And that notion may well apply to an alternate approach to the regular doctor's visit—one known as a shared medical appointment or group visit.
During group visits, several people with a similar illness share a doctor's appointment. Many group visits are designed for people with a chronic condition, such as diabetes. Part support group, part motivational meeting and part traditional doctor's appointment, this format empowers many participants to better manage their health.
The decision to take part in a group visit is entirely voluntary—patients don't have to participate if they don't want to.
Group visits may be held on a set schedule, such as once a month. Sometimes, they take the place of regular medical visits. At other medical practices, they merely supplement them.
Group education. For part of the appointment, participants receive advice from the doctor as a group. This might include helping patients create action plans for reaching goals. Other experts, such as a dietitian or nurse, may give health education tips as well.
Group interaction. Participants can share experiences, advice and questions. They might offer tips for overcoming challenges and encourage one another to make positive lifestyle changes.
Individual medical evaluations. Typically, people meet one-on-one with a provider before or after the group session.
Many people say they're happier with group visits. And they often gain skills and confidence to better manage a health condition. What's more, some studies suggest this approach may even help improve patient care and some medical outcomes.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.02382
Retrieved Text: The above statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These statements are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Charles Mesko, Doctor's Relief, LLC, and Fountain of Youth Technologies, Inc., do not offer medical advice. No actual or implied written or oral statements from Charles Mesko, Doctor's Relief, LLC, and Fountain of Youth Technologies, Inc., and/or any emails, websites, officers, employees, brokers, representatives, product distributors, product resellers, retailers or affiliated companies, are intended to offer any form of medical advice. Please refer to a qualified licensed medical practitioner for medical advice. These statements are intended for educational purposes only. Return Policy: This product is not eligible for refunds or return.
Suggested Use For adults, as a dietary supplement, take 1 tablet, 3 times per day between meals. Consult with your qualified health care provider prior to taking more than the recommended amount. Do not confuse this product with other systemic enzyme products that require 20 to 30 capsules, caplets, or tablets per day. As a reminder, always discuss the supplements and medication you take with your healthcare provider.
Proprietary integrated broad spectrum fomulation of: Superoxide Dismutase (SOD), Rutin, Spirulina, L-Cysteine, Zinc Sulfate 5mg.
Other Ingredients: Microcrystalline, dicalcium phosphate, and magnesium stearate.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.984753
Retrieved Text: A 12-year-old boy has been arrested after driving alone across the entire state of New South Wales.
The child was 1300 kilometres into his attempt to drive right across the country.
Police stopped the boy after seeing the vehicle's bumper dragging along the ground.
"Checks revealed the driver was a 12-year-old boy travelling from Kendall NSW on his way to Perth," a police spokesperson told 9 News.
The boy was taken to Broken Hill police station.
He had started his journey in Kendall, a small town on the south of Port Macquarie on the east coast of Australia. The child was arrested in Broken Hill, a city on the state border to South Australia.
The journey between Kendall and Broken Hill takes about 14 hours, but it's just a fraction of distance to Perth, which takes 43 hours of driving.
The journey to Perth would traverse the harsh Australian desert and cover more than 4000 kilometres. Advice for tourists looking to complete the trip is to set aside 10 days for the journey.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.933914
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner & Ben Simmons Are Reportedly Living Together In L.A.
Kendall Jenner and her new boyfriend Ben Simmons are reportedly living together in a lavish rental home in L.A. this summer.
According to a June 28 report by TMZ, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have both been spotted coming in and out of the $25,000 per month home in recent weeks.
Sources are telling the outlet that it is currently unclear whose name is on the lease, but that the term of the lease is for “several months.” The home is said to have five bedrooms and six bathrooms, and a swimming pool. The house is located near the Grove and Fairfax area, which is a good explanation as to why Jenner and Simmons have been spotted out together so often.
The site also claims that Kendall Jenner recently purchased Charlie Sheen’s former Beverly Hills home, but that she is currently remodeling the house to better fit her needs and style. The L.A. rental house could be where Kendall is staying while she waits for her permanent home to be done, and Ben Simmons may be crashing with her until he’s ready to get back to Philadelphia to rejoin the 76ers for the upcoming NBA season. Last week, Ben took home the Rookie of The Year award for his performance in the 2017-2018 season.
As previously reported by the Inquisitr, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have been spotted out together multiple times in recent weeks. The couple was spotted grocery shopping together earlier this month, and even hit up the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.851513
Retrieved Text: With all of the conflicting information about nutrition in the media, it’s hard to know what advice to follow. That’s why it’s important to follow the advice of the smartest doctors, like ours at Mission Hospital. Whether you need nutritional counseling for a specific condition such as high blood pressure, liver disease, or an eating disorder, or if you just want to reach a healthy weight, we can help you identify your nutritional needs and apply these guidelines to your life. Nutritional counseling for your medical condition.
When you have special nutritional needs, our clinical nutritionists translate your doctor's diet recommendations into an understandable plan. We work with you to develop that plan by setting clear, realistic goals so that you learn to successfully practice healthier nutrition.
For more information or to make an appointment, call 828-213-2222, option #2.
If you want your insurance to cover nutrition planning services, we recommend that you get a doctor's referral. Not all insurance plans cover nutrition counseling so please check with your employer or your insurance company.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.728115
Retrieved Text: "My name is Jaison James. I am an Orthopaedic Surgeon in Oakland, CA. I recently had the pleasure of having my Medical Malpractice Insurance underwritten by your company. The process was extremely fast and efficient! I had a narrow time window with which I needed to inquire, negotiate, and purchase my policy. There are 3 key members of your team that deserve significant praise. Ron, Linda, and Peter all have been outstanding with respect to speed, efficiency, accuracy, and customer service. They worked together as a team to make sure I made my deadline with almost a week to spare. This has been an amazingly painless experience, and I have Ron, Linda, and Peter to thank. As a member of the medical community, I will certainly be referring your company to my colleagues whether the Doctor's Agency is their carrier or not. I'm not sure how you intend to acknowledge these 3 individuals for their dedication to your company, but as you know, word of mouth is EXTREMELY effective in the medical community. I look forward to enjoying years of wonderful service from The Doctor's Insurance Agency."
"YoDerm's experience with The Doctor's Insurance Agency was indeed, excellent. We were originally put in touch with Brad O'Brien who took time to understand our needs and forwarded us to Linda Eisel. Linda has been nothing short of essential in understanding our medical liability insurance needs and finding us the best coverage for our specific risk profile and business model. Linda was always available to discuss any comments or concerns

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.70514
Retrieved Text: JASPER — Kendall (Humbert) Renner and her husband, Clint, spent some of the first moments of their marriage together surrounded by thousands of years of age and wisdom on Saturday.
After they were hitched at St. Raphael Catholic Church in Dubois, they elected to make a pit stop before arriving at the reception at the St. Anthony Community Center. Kendall has worked at the St. Charles Health Campus in Jasper for six years — she is currently a nurse at the facility — and knew she needed to see the residents on her big day.
About 40 seniors gathered in the health center dining hall to welcome the newlywed couple. Upon the Renners’ arrival, Kendall greeted attendees with smiles, hugs and thanks. The elders lauded her beauty and congratulated her sincerely. Kendall makes a difference in their lives daily, and the excitement and joy the residents felt for her Saturday afternoon was visible. Jerry Blount, an 80-year-old resident, arrived with tears in his eyes that fell throughout the Renners’ visit.
Renner greeted St. Charles Health Campus resident Jo Ellen Carrico at the center in Jasper on Saturday.
Kendall and Clint shared their first dance in a gathering room at the facility, ate a piece of cake, toasted with those in attendance, and then headed out.
Before they left, however, Sherri Byers, the location’s director of life enrichment, gifted the two a jar filled with successful marriage advice scribbled on cards by many of those in attendance.
Some were light-hearted, while others offered intimate tips to keep their love fresh for years to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.686108
Retrieved Text: Kendall Coffman has been an attorney since November 1997, after earning his law degree from the University of California, Davis and passing the California State Bar Exam on his first try. Before law school, Mr. Coffman earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of California, Berkeley, Class of 1994.
From late 1997 to 2010, Attorney Kendall Coffman worked at three different law offices. His first job was with a small law office in San Jose, California; followed by his second job with a small law office that was located in Menlo Park, California, and which moved to Palo Alto, California; then his third job, with a small law office in Milpitas, California. At each office, Mr. Coffman’s employer relied upon him to handle the consumer bankruptcy cases. By 2010, Mr. Coffman decided to start his own practice.
At the Law Office of Kendall David Coffman, you get personal attention directly from Mr. Coffman himself, from start to finish, beginning with the free initial consultation all the way to the closing of your case. You will not find yourself dealing with a lawyer who simply hands over your case file to an overworked paralegal and then quickly forgets about you.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.667894
Retrieved Text: 8/29/2018 · From standing up to trolls on Twitter and Insta to supporting a bullied fan or family member, see what celebrities had to say about bullying and get inspired by their heartfelt best advice.
It's so hard to believe that in June this Year, I'll have started by YouTube venture 3 years ago. Since I began, I've brought the Vlog to places such as Uganda, Oslo, Rome and London. I've been on Channel 5's 'Celebrity Trolls,' and met some amazing, inspirational People.
Find and save ideas about Anti bullying video on Pinterest. | See more ideas about Bullying videos, Kylie jenner beauty tips video and Kendall jenner video. ... Beauty Tips, Pop Culture News, and Celebrity Style. Fashion Site Geek Fashion Miami K Jenner Jenner Girls Kendall Jenner Style Bullying Videos Kardashian Parenting Hacks.
10/17/2014 · Demi Lovato, Kendall Jenner, Shay Mitchell, and more of your favorite celebrities take a stand with Seventeen to delete digital drama. Check out our their advice for dealing with haters.
7/5/2016 · Prince William Launches a Powerful New Anti-Bullying Campaign. More proof that Kate Middleton is the luckiest girl in the kingdom.
The anti-bullying It Gets Better Project expanded from a single YouTube video directed to discouraged or suicidal LGBT teens. Within weeks, hundreds of "It Gets Better" response videos were uploaded to the project by people of various levels of celebrity, and, with two months, by U.S. President Barack Obama, White House staff, and several cabinet secretaries.
12/11/2017 · Keaton Jones. Guardian News/YouTube. Keaton Jones is a middle school student from Knoxville, Tennessee. In

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.664774
Retrieved Text: Not only did local physical therapists Marc Rubenstein and Geoffrey Hunt go to nursery school together. The two became quick friends and even followed similar education and career paths, each eventually landing back in their hometown of Kendall Park.
Now, the two co-founders of Jersey Physical Therapy get to experience another milestone together: the celebration of the clinic’s 15th year of serving the rehabilitation, health and wellness needs of patients living, working and playing in the areas of Kendall Park, Milltown/East Brunswick, and Plainsboro.
Rubenstein, Hunt and the entire Jersey Physical Therapy staff marked the occasion with a Patient Appreciation Day on Thursday, Jan. 18, an event to honor and thank one branch of the family tree Rubenstein said was planted with the opening of Jersey Physical Therapy in 2002.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.638834
Retrieved Text: Relieves inflammation associated with back and muscular pain, and strains and sprains.
Disprin is available in Disprin Original Tablets which are easy to swallow or can be dispersed in water. Disprin is also available in fresh tasting Disprin Direct Chewables which can be chewed directly or dispersed in water.
Adults: 1-3 tablets dispersed in, or taken with, water every 4-6 hours as required. Do not exceed 4 doses in 24 hours except on doctor's advice.
Children 12 years and over: 1-2 tablets dispersed in, or taken with, water every 6 hours as required. Do not exceed 4 doses in 24 hours except on doctor's advice.
Do not use Disprin tablets if you have a stomach ulcer, are in the last 3 months of pregnancy or if you are allergic to aspirin or anti-inflammatory medicines.
For more than a few days at a time.
With other medicines containing aspirin or other anti-inflammatory medicines.
In children 12-16 years of age with, or recovering from, chicken pox, influenza or fever.
See a doctor before taking Disprin tablets for thinning the blood or for your heart.
Reckitt Benckiser, Auckland, New Zealand.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.631203
Retrieved Text: I don’t usually post memes, but I stumbled across this one this morning and got a good laugh.
The concept is simple: you do a Google search for your own name followed by the word needs. Also, I found that you get better results if you use quotes (ie, my search was for “Debora needs”).
Then you post thirteen things that Google says you need.
1. Debora needs orderly landscaping.
This is sadly true. A retaining wall or two would do wonders for my sloping property, and heaven knows I need to mow down all that wild buckwheat. One does the best one can, you know.
2. Debora needs one of those UV bulbs to ward off the winter blues.
This is very likely true as well. Most winters, usually sometime in February, I succumb to a deep blue funk that’s at least partly brought on by sunlight deprivation. Maybe I should look into that UV bulb thing.
3. Debora needs an injection every six hours.
HEY NOW! Let’s not get crazy here. Put the needles down and let’s talk about this!
It’s just like Google knows me.
5. Debora needs help, she is not who she pretends to be.
This is not strictly true. Steve has been generous and prompt with the child support, and my financial needs are being adequately met.
That said, if I HAD more money, there’s a whole bunch of stuff on my To Do list that would get done a heck of a lot sooner. Like orderly landscaping, for example.
7. Debora needs a new Wheelchair.
Hah! I’m not quite there yet, but thanks

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.59949
Retrieved Text: Fake Reports about Kendall Jenner's Lip Surgery Riling Up Fans!
Kendall Jenner has gotten her “lips done” and has finally joined the Kardashian hall of lip surgery fame!
HollywoodLife.com has reported some news about fan’s favorite celebrity Kendall Jenner, claiming that supermodel is probably not a surgery virgin anymore! News about a lip job spread across the Internet which is false.
While the Kardashian clan is notoriously known for going under the knife, younger sister Kendall Jenner has made sure she sticks to her natural looks. But that has not given her any respite against surgery rumors, and we think she’s tired of clapping back.
Kendall Jenner’s latest Adidas Originals ad photo has created a stir among social media users.
Celebrity makeup artist Mary Phillips posted a picture of her stunning work on Jenner for the ad. And now, Jenner is facing the surgery music once again!
But Kendall Jenner is accustomed to these negative comments. Remember her Golden Globes appearance?
Jenner received major backlash for attending the Golden Globes in the first place, being a non-actor and all. And then the surgery rumors followed.
Since then, Jenner has been clapping back and shooting down all plastic surgery rumors saying they were false.
The rumors about her face and lips being fake have come by the boatloads, however, BFF Bella Hadid came to the rescue.
Hadid took a stand against haters who believed that everything about her and Jenner was “fake.” She went on to reply to people on social media after she received some stinging comments when she had uploaded a picture of herself and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.562233
Retrieved Text: Ever thought of creating a CV from cupcakes? Here’s some great advice on how to get your CV and covering letter noticed for the right reasons from Kathryn Kendall, HR Director at Benefex.
Read the full article on the Benefex website.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.5394
Retrieved Text: Kris Jenner is reportedly fearing for the future of Kendall and Kylie now that her niece is starting to make a name for herself. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star is apparently worried that the “secret” Kardashian cousin will soon steal the spotlight from her famous daughters.
In a recent report by Radar Online, it has been alleged that the 62-year-old TV personality is concerned about the increasing amount of attention that her niece, Natalie Zettel, has been getting on social media.
According to the outlet, Kris feels threatened with Natalie’s star quality, especially now that she has successfully launched a modeling career without any help from her famous family. Apparently, the momager is worried that sooner or later, her niece will outshine Kendall and Kylie.
The 18-year-old aspiring model is the daughter of Kris’ estranged sister, Karen Houghton, making her a first cousin to the famous siblings — Kourtney, Kim, Khloe, Rob, Kendall, and Kylie.
Is She A Threat To The Kardashian-Jenner Sisters?
With her striking good looks and connection with the reality tv family, many are wondering why she hasn’t started a career in showbiz. In fact, Natalie has not even made any appearances on Keeping Up With the Kardashians.
Radar Online also pointed out that the Kardashian-Jenner sisters have not even followed her on Instagram. This is despite the fact that she followed the famous sisters on social media and even featured some of their products on her account.
These sparked speculations that the Kardashian-Jenner sisters are somehow threatened by Natalie’s potential. However, such claims have yet to be

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.51056
Retrieved Text: Kendall snatched at the brown-paper bag and tore at its contents, discarding the wrappings as he began devouring the food within.
“Hungry?” Justin raised his eyebrows as he unwrapped his own burger more slowly.
They sat on a bench in the Company Gardens as tourists, local commuters and the city’s homeless walked past them in an unseeing exodus. The passers-by ignored the boys, who had become part of the city’s colourful array of street inhabitants. Justin could easily have walked right up to one of the commuters and stared them in the eye and they would have dodged past him without meeting his gaze.
“How much money do we have left?” Kendall asked, wiping the remnants of his meal from his mouth with his tatty sleeve, which was artfully hooked around his chipped black painted thumb nail.
“We’ll make a plan. We always do,” replied Justin confidently.
He playfully ruffled his younger brother’s hair, which immediately set the boy on edge, as it usually did. Kendall was unnecessarily fastidious about his appearance, especially his dead-straight hair.
Justin laughed and sipped his Coke, settling back on the bench. His brother tried to smooth down his hair, which had come undone from his ponytail.
Kendall took the can, which was almost empty.
“Are these going to get us killed?” Kendall asked seriously.
“You’re going to have to trust me, though,” Justin said, equally serious.
A couple was feeding the squirrels. It was obvious from the cameras dangling around their necks and their matching shorts and golf shirts that they were tourists.
Justin was eyeing the pair with the concentrated

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.426184
Retrieved Text: According to the pediatrician, my child is having a lot of sinus infections. He had a blood test for several things, including leukemia. The results indicated my child may have diabetes. He had a sucker on the way to the doctor's office. Could this have affected the test? The doctor wants to do the test again. What should my next step be? What specialists do I need to see?
I would follow the advice of a board-certified pediatrician. Your pediatrician will be able to direct you to the appropriate resources and will be able to determine any proper testing that is required to diagnose diabetes. Having a sucker on the way to the doctor's office should have no effect on the testing.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.402006
Retrieved Text: The DIY approach can work on refreshing your home but think twice about crafting your retirement without advice. Stop by booth 1212 to chat! Paul Kendall will answer your questions, based on his 12+ years of experience in financial services and money management.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.313988
Retrieved Text: Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner reunite for glam girls' night out | HELLO!
BFFS Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner made the streets of Manhattan their runway as they headed for a night out together on Sunday. The supermodels looked stunning as they left Gigi's apartment building together in co-ordinating black ensembles.
Kendall flaunted her enviable figure in a black crop top and leather One Teaspoon hotpants paired with pointed toe ankle boots and a statement gold brocade fringed blazer. She wore Aviator-style shades, a choker and tied her hair back into a high ponytail for a characteristically cool going out look.
Meanwhile Gigi put a new spin on summer's slip dress trend by teaming her plunging black dress with studded ankle boots and a black baseball cap, draping a studded biker jacket over her arms as she followed her friend to a waiting car.
It appears the duo are not letting the celebrity fall out between one of Gigi's best friends Taylor Swift and Kendall's sister Kim Kardashian affect their own relationship. Taylor accused Kim of "character assassination" after she released a video of a phone conversation in which the singer appeared to approve a now infamous line from Kanye West's song Famous.
A number of celebrities waded into the debate including Chloe Moretz and Selena Gomez, who tweeted to say "there are more important things to talk about" than a lyric in a rap song.
Kendall appeared to be on her big sister's side during the row, and liked a number of tweets that supported Kim's decision to share the video,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.250763
Retrieved Text: ​​Rewild Health is education and experiential-based health.
Dr. Kendall is honored to be a part of your healthcare team, as a part of a collective, collaborative approach. She does not work as a primary care physician, but does work as an educator and motivator for daily health.. Dr. Kendall has dedicated her life's work to teach and promote foundational daily health practices for increased wellbeing, communication, relationship and awareness of one's self, community and the planet. Dr. Kendall works with individual clients and groups via in-person, phone, and video consultations, yoga classes, webinars, retreats, conferences and trainings.
Prevention and good health start with you, with me... with us! Healthcare is most often sought long after we already are feeling unwell. This might leave us unsure of how to feel better and what to do about it.
Health is a daily practice.
If we wait to turn our health around once we are already sick, it might already to be too late. Prevention is critical, and Dr. Kendall can give you the daily foundational practices to claim and reclaim your health.
Your inner nature wants to be well. A multitude of distractions and constant stimulation are steering our health off course. Going back to your instincts - with Rewild daily practices - keeps your systems working efficiently and effectively. Your mindset, movement, mood and health all depend on it.
There is a major gap in the health of human beings. If we know what to do, why don’t we do it? Dr. Kendall is here to help us restore our health through science

================



======= Instance Index 30920 =========
Input Text: Context: Alex needed a home before the summer.

Question: What does Alex need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: sing the paperwork

B: Pack his bags

C: go see houses

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.887522
Retrieved Text: Twelve Churches is delighted to welcome Alex Eppenauer and Tyler Pyle as our 2015 summer interns. For years we have watched Alex love so many people, especially children, in Leon, Nicaragua. She has truly been an inspiraation to many of us. Alex bagan her mission trips to Leon in 2011. During Bible School in one of our churches she felt God's call to build a home for a young boy who lived in a plastic house with his brothers and parents. Alex remembered this call and vision when she returned to Seattle, Washington. Her passion resulted in raising the funds to build this family a home, which she built in 2013.
​Alex is also a talented artist whose portrait of one member of her "Nicaraguan" family won awards and was on display in Wahington, D.C. Alex and her family have travelled to Nicaragua many times including Thanksgiving week to spend time with those they love in Leon. All who know Alex feel privileged to have this special young lady as one of our interns for the summer of 2015. We know she will lovingly touch the hearts of many people this summer.
Tyler Pyle is a FSU Junior majoring in psychology and economics. As part of FSU Wesley Tyler has traveled to Nicaragua three times on mission trips. She spent her summer 2014 in Ghana, Africa with the HCDP-Ghana working on a water purification project. We are excited for her to use God given gifts and talents with Twelve Churches this summer.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.887459
Retrieved Text: Guy Rapley, Alex Burton, Darren Thompson and Julian Rose spent a day volunteering in Islington, to bring life back to the old Toffee Park Youth Club.
calfordseaden’s strong links to the London Borough of Islington and desire to find opportunities to give back to local communities, is the reason Guy, Alex, Darren and Julian were keen to volunteer to help restore this important building in Islington. The Toffee Park Youth Club had been the long term home to youth activities in the local area, but had sadly closed its doors in 2014, due to disrepair. Islington Council has now bought new life to the former club and restored the old building as it prepares to reopen its doors as a nursery this summer.
Our team helped with the preparations leading to the new opening, providing some much needed TLC. Guy, Alex, Darren and Julian were in charge of restoring two of the rooms, which involved removing the remnants of sticky boarding from the walls and applying a fresh coat of paint across both rooms. Their hard work has resulted in two rooms ready to be occupied by the new nursery team in the coming weeks.
Well done and thank you Guy, Alex, Darren and Julian, for all your hard (and rather messy) work, and thank you to Islington Council for letting us get involved!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.77304
Retrieved Text: Working for UNESCO in Paris this summer on a Starr Center fellowship, Alex Foxwell ’16 discovered the terrible answer to a Second World War family mystery.
Alex Foxwell ’16 went to Paris this summer on a Starr Center fellowship to help UNESCO, the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization, commemorate the humanity sacrificed to the holocaust called slavery. But while working to recognize those lost in one human tragedy, his personal research into another revealed the heart-rending answer to a longtime family mystery.
Poring through deportation manifests and German/Vichy arrest records at the French Mémorial de la Shoah, France’s Holocaust museum, Foxwell finally learned the fate of his great-uncle, who had been a fighter in the French Resistance during World War II.
Until this summer, no one knew what had become of his grandmother’s brother, Isaac, alias Jean, the French Resistance fighter who “got false papers for everyone in the family so they could pass wherever they needed to go. In August of 1944, right before liberation, he and my great-grandfather were arrested because they were turned in by the sister of one of my grandmother’s friends.” Foxwell’s great-grandfather survived only long enough to die of kidney cancer six months after liberation; all but one of his 17 siblings were gassed or shot in Poland.
Foxwell’s work with UNESCO marks the first time Washington College’s C.V. Starr Center for the Study of the American Experience, which administers the Comegys Bight Fellowships, has partnered with the organization, says Adam Goodheart, the center’s director. Foxwell earned the $4,000 Comegys Bight Fellowship,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.69571
Retrieved Text: Hi! Sign in to let us know how Summer Hill Homes was?
by Bitan at Citysearch Nov 10 .
We bought a new home this March from SummerHill. A month after moving in, we noticed mold in our master bath and the warranty company found that there was an internal pipe leak going on for a long time (before we bought it even-during construction phase ).
We have an 11 months baby at home, we are still living with it.
The restoration company which came in ( Phoenix restoration) is a lousy one and they stained our carpets with dirty shoes and dented our wood floor.
It took them more than two weeks to get the work done, 90% of the time we were unable to communicate with the warranty manager ( Alex) he will commit something and never show up on time and also usually does not bother to update us. On this Friday he was supposed to update us on the lab tests for molds, he never called. My husband left him a message on Friday and again on Sunday, Alex called back today and threatened us for calling him on a weekend.
We are consumers who are suffering for buying a home in this market. It has caused us enough mental trauma to consult a lawyer and I just thought of letting you know before you make the biggest blunder of your life!
If you've been to or used Summer Hill Homes, leave a review.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.434996
Retrieved Text: Traveling Bells: Fish, Wine and Art!
Jason took his buddy Alex fishing the other day, and Alex caught a BIG crappie—almost 2 pounds! They caught 30 total. Alex is quite the happy fisherboy. I’m ready to try these, and will bring the wine!
We did have fun, and will go back for more events there in the future. You local gals need to join us for a great girls’ night out. Before we left, Joan spotted 5 deer out sniffing around the grapevines…just beautiful.
We love living in the mountains, where life is never dull. And for the record, it was 79 here, and 77 back in W Palm Beach at 5p yesterday. MM and I brought spring home with us! Yay for that!!!
Thank you for bringing spring home!
You did indeed bring spring home, and we are glad of it. Not ready for full summer quite yet, but spring is very welcome. Glad you had fun at the wine thing.
YAY for fair weather! And wine and art and girlfriend fun!
I'm not crafty at all honey, but I sure appreciate those that are. If I were there I would join you gals. Yes I would.
You did bring spring home. I knew you would.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.010529
Retrieved Text: Landscaping was the final stage of a two-year renovation to turn our summer cottage into a year-round home. Meristemdesigns provided us with the plans that would turn the mess resulting from the installation of a new septic system into a beautiful low-maintenance garden. We needed a landscaping contractor that would bring our plan to life.Valley Landscaping & Excavating were able to do just that. Our project was a big one – retaining walls were needed to contain the new septic system. Pathways, around two sides of the house and from the driveway to a side entrance had to be installed. New gravel for the driveway was required.
Over the two years of our renovations, delays by various contractors without much communication were very frustrating to us. Alex knew that and was very sensitive to the importance of keeping us informed, making sure that we knew when he was going to be on-site and keeping us up-to-date on the timing of the various stages. His expertise ensured that we chose the best material for the pathways that would properly integrate with our natural surroundings. He anticipated our desire to self install an underground sprinkler system so that could be accomplished in time for the delivery of fill. Alex made sure that our project was completed in time for a large open house we had planned and this was especially appreciated (even if the rainy weather that day was not!). The site was left clean and his employees were polite and considerate at all times.
It is our pleasure to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.705612
Retrieved Text: The 22-year-old former Ipswich Town striker moves to the Eagles for an undisclosed transfer fee and has signed a five year deal with Alan Pardew's side.
He scored 18 goals in the last two seasons for the Black Cats and played a key role in the club's successful bid to avoid relegation in the closing weeks of the 2013/14 campaign.
"I spoke to the gaffer last week and he said all the right things about the club and I've got friends here who also told me some very good things," said Wickham.
"I looked at the team before I arrived here and the signings that have been brought in, and the potential to score goals and the chances that could be created was a massive influence. Hopefully I can add to that talent and make the squad stronger.
"I think I needed the fresh start, I had four years up north and it's been a bit stop-start. Now I've come back home and I can settle down and see my family a bit more and hopefully let my football do the talking."
Palace, 1/1 to finish in the top half of the Premier League table in 2015/16 and 1/1 to be relegated, have also signed Yohan Cabaye and Alex McCarthy this summer.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.602041
Retrieved Text: ← 2017 LVTM Summer Party!
Happy Birthday Canada! This year Canada is turning the big 1-5-0! Our Toastmaster Des spoke passionately about being Canadian. Oh Canada! Our home and native land. We are proud to be part of thee.
Alex hosted a workshop on core values. She encouraged us to connect with our true values. Many of us go through life, following other people’s pathways or values. When was the last time we sat down and thought about what we really value? In this meeting, Alex gave us that opportunity, equipping us with a list of values to muse over.
Alex also guided 2 volunteers: Amanda and Be on creating goals to their values. From Alex we learned, life is a canvas, we can paint it the way we wanted, We just need to let our brushes (values) lead the way.
Amanda led a fun Table Topic session, getting each participant to represent an animal and advocating for its existence on earth. In the end, we voted for Andre (representing the moose). Congrats Andre!
We will still be at the Lilian H Smith library next week. It will be the last meeting before we roll over to the new executive team. It will be just as exciting as ever, as we anticipate to hear 4 speakers! Damian, Amanda, Catarina, and Andre.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.57516
Retrieved Text: A normal day in the life of 2010 Springville Griffith Institute graduate Alex Bowen does not involve college. Instead, he gets up at 8 a.m. and bounces on a trampoline. He then moves on to the ski hills and chopping up snow for a safe landing.
No, this isn't some bizarre routine for Alex. For the past two years he has been living in Lake Placid, training to be an aerial skier for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia.
For those of you who don't know what aerial skiing is, it is skiing down a hill, launching off a huge ramp, and twisting and flipping around in the air.
"For me, [aerial skiing] is just plain fun, and like you are flying, then crashing for a few seconds," 18-year-old Alex said. "It has all the excitement of a trampoline, but you are much higher in the air with more flips and twists."
Alex has been on skis since he was 1. He was carried in a backpack when his parents would cross-country ski before advancing to bigger hills, with a leash tied around his waist to keep him from falling.
He began his skiing career at Kissing Bridge, through youth programs such as Animal Crackers and Bridge Busters. When Alex decided to move away from ski racing, he began his aerial instruction with coach Mark DePeters at Buffalo Ski Club. He learned how to hit the jumps and land in water so he wouldn't get hurt.
Lake Placid is in the Adirondacks and was the host of the 1980 Winter Olympics. In

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.551603
Retrieved Text: Named as the club's Player of the Season this week, goalkeeper Alex McCarthy spoke of how crucial the Saints faithful have been in keeping spirits high during the difficult moments of this season.
Understanding the frustration felt by all, McCarthy thanked the generous support of the fans in recent weeks, and hopes that next year, the club will be challenging at the right end of the Premier League table.
"We knew it was going to be a rough ride. We needed to get the points on the board before the City game," the keeper said, reflecting on Saints' season finale against Man City.
"It would have been nice to finish with a clean sheet but the main thing is we'll be playing Premier League football next season!
We can all go away, fans included, enjoy the summer and return with a positive platform.
"We can all go away, fans included, enjoy the summer, and return with a positive platform. The positives we take out of this season we'll put into next. And hopefully we'll be challenging further up the table next year.
"The fans have been excellent for us these last few weeks, and the whole season really.
"It's been frustrating for them as much as it has for us. They've got us through games and finally we've got the points we needed. They've been crucial!"

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.507694
Retrieved Text: Alex: Last year we were speaking with my in-laws, Jessica's parents, and we've decided that we had more house than we needed and we were moving back to Toronto,so we've decided to buy a house together, converted into a two family home. We've downsized from a large Victorian house and Julie's team helped us sell the house and helped us buy this house we're standing in now and it was a lot to take on, and it was frequently very overwhelming. And they (The JKT) took good care of us and held our hands when we needed it.
Jessica: They sure did, it was a hell of a project, planning it all, working through the budget, timing and I can't thank Julie and her team enough for all the work that they did, all the little things they thought of.
Alex: Staging, getting us a handyman to fix some of the bits and pieces that needed to get fixed before the house went to market.
Jessica: It was quite an enterprise and they were there for us, for all four of us, they were there for the project and they were there for us as people too. It was a great experience!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.27722
Retrieved Text: Home for the Holidays in Natick! – Dana Bull – Your Trusted Real Estate Partner for Boston and the North Shore Communities.
Home for the Holidays in Natick!
The phrase home for the holidays has a whole new meaning for Alexandra, who just moved into a stunning 2-bed/2-bath condo in Natick.
I had the privilege of working with Alex on the transaction and things could not have gone smoother.
Like most young buyers, our challenge was finding a property that had all the items on the wish list at a price point that wouldn’t break the bank. Coming from a family of real estate investors, Alex has a knack for house hunting and did not shy away from properties with sweat equity potential.
The ideal condo came on the market that hit all the A-list items — parking, a fenced yard for the dog, and within close proximity to work for an easy commute. Acting quickly, we put the house under agreement within days and before it could escalate to a multiple bid scenario.
Alex stretched her budget and put her dollars to work. Not only did she take advantage of the special finance programs designed for first-time buyers, she also secured a roommate to help cover a good portion of her mortgage.
Shortly after closing, she made some strategic and cost effective cosmetic changes to take the design up a notch. The condo offered an ideal floor plan and featured oak floors, high ceilings, and plenty of natural light. Albeit these desirable features, the unit had been rented for years and needed

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.224792
Retrieved Text: My son Tony and I created a Minecraft Photo Series earlier this year. It was totally his idea, since he’s a major fan and all!
It took about two weeks from start to finish for our initial series concept to come to life. At first I was simply creating this with my son because I know how much it means to him, he’s loved Minecraft for so many years. But after working on the initial photos I enjoyed working on them so much we both wanted to continue the series!
Once the first series was complete I started to brainstorm a second one. I knew I wanted to include ‘Alex’ somehow (my son was pretty stoked about the idea…yay!). I then found the perfect little girl to bring her to life; a friend of ours named Astronomy.
She simply fit right in!
After one day of shooting and a month of editing (on and off on my spare time) series 2 finally came to life. With the help of our friend Astronomy, my son Tony, and my husband Anthony, we finally accomplished a sequel.
PS. You can find Series 1 here.
With no luck he decides to travel to The End, and continues on to an End City where he finds Alex. With no time for greetings, Steve gives Alex a set of freshly-minted Elytra Wings, and off they went gliding with diamond swords at the ready.
Mobs were relentless. Our two brave heroes soon would have to fight their way through in order to find shelter til morning.
Steve and Alex trade a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.20017
Retrieved Text: Busby – went off on his travels and never returned home for his dinner.
This one-year-old little kitty was a curious little fella, he loved exploring the fields around about. He used to use his cat flap every day and have lots of little adventures but always be home in time for his dinner and lots of cuddles!One … [Read more...] about Busby – went off on his travels and never returned home for his dinner.
Fred – It was crucial he was located before he had a seizure.
Our golden retriever was epileptic and on daily medication, however. Fred was worth everything to us. One summer evening he escaped the electric gates and could not be seen anywhere.My wife was devastated. We phoned Happy Tails and pet detective … [Read more...] about Fred – It was crucial he was located before he had a seizure.
Mollie deerhound cross puppy. Robert and his staff worked tirelessly to find Mollie.
My 8-month-old deerhound cross puppy Mollie went missing one Thursday afternoon while I was walking my two dogs in Dodder Valley Park. One moment she was there, the next she was gone. I whistled for her, but there was this eerie silence. For the next … [Read more...] about Mollie deerhound cross puppy. Robert and his staff worked tirelessly to find Mollie.
Siberian husky Alex. We will always be forever grateful to the pet detective.
My wife, child and I had just spent our first night in our new home along with our siberian husky Alex. We were so excited but within hours our

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.171923
Retrieved Text: I've been home for about a week now since my trip to Asia. After doing some necessary cleaning, organizing, laundry (mountains of laundry), and spending some much needed fun time with my hubby, I think I am finally ready to get back into some DIY-ing! Before I left, we were mid-way through our Master Bedroom Redo Project and I am eager to get moving again on that again. Also, I realized I never wrapped up our Guest Room Redo (post tornado repair) so I hope to get some pictures taken and write up a quick post for that too!
For now though, it is time to wrap up the wainscoting tutorial and show you some more 'before' and 'afters'! The whole idea of adding wainscoting to our Dining Room came after Alex read an "All About Wainscoting" article in This Old House magazine. It gave us a lot of ideas and information for the project and it inspired the crap out of Alex so much so that he put it as his #1 project during the time I was away.
Now before I begin I thought I would include this image below from This Old House to help with the terminology for this project, however, their construction is a bit more complex than ours. Alex did a few things differently since we wanted a more simplified look that would fit nicely in our home. Two examples: he used our existing baseboards and individual plywood panels between each stile instead of one on each wall.
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ Did you know what

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.067902
Retrieved Text: Days with Katherine bring out a playful side Alex thought long-buried, and nights are filled with passion. As summer wanes, Alex begins to crave something he never has before. But will his secret tear them apart?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.958057
Retrieved Text: Alex Walsh’s training in American roots, rock and pop came early if informally. Born in the Bronx, New York, in 1967, Walsh moved with his parents to San Francisco before he was a year old. During what would become the historic Summer of Love, Alex’s first exposure to live music was the revolutionary sounds of early rock and roll. While his father worked in the grocery industry, his mother took Alex to see the free concerts in Golden Gate Park where what was to become the signature sounds of the times where born.
Alex’s auspicious musical beginning was side tracked when the family moved north of San Francisco to Petaluma, more famous for its history as the Chicken Capitol of the World, and host to the World Wrist Wrestling Championship than any cultural movement. Alex’s father became a carpenter while his mother stayed home. However, Alex did not forget the formative exposure to the pioneers of rock and roll and psychedelic music. By age three, he was tinkering with the family record player and proceeded to blast music at all hours of the day and night. He quickly became obsessed with music and everything about it, fascinated equally by the artwork on the covers of albums such as the Who’s ‘Tommy,” Tom Jones’ ‘What’s New Pussycat?’ and the Beatles ‘Revolver” as the music within. His first record purchase, a newly released Beatles collection called ‘Rock & Roll Music,” was bought with money saved from his allowance. By the time his parent’s divorced several years later and his

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.912981
Retrieved Text: According to the study targeted on a group of 38 adult cats, which has lasted for four years, cats eat more food in the season of winter therefore, their owners should provide the pets with cat-food during this period of time.
In order to find the new way to enhance milk production, seasonal food intake by dairy cows has been tested in the past. However, this study involved in domestic cats is the largest of its kind so far.
The group of 38 cats coming from mixed breeds, ages and genders were kept at a center in France, where they were free to do whatever they preferred outdoors all year round.
With a microchip on their collar, the cats were able to get as much food as they needed from a dispenser, which would be opened just the group of cats. Simultaneously, such microchip could make a record how much food the cat had taken and when it did.
As Dr Alex German from the University of Liverpool in the United Kingdom, explained in the paper paper published in the latest edition of PLoS ONE, like many humans, cats are likely to have comfort eating in the cold weather outside.
However, from their study, Dr Alex German and his team found the main reason for that is the extra energy cats needed to maintain warmness when they were outside for outdoor activities. In addition, Dr German’s team also confirmed that cats ate about 15 per cent less food during summer.
In his conclusion, Dr Alex German stated that the swing in activity

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.909615
Retrieved Text: Adoption Announcement: Alex has found his furever home!
Alex arrived to DC in February full of personality and eager to find a home.
Through our sponsor Nellie's Sports Bar, Alex was able to find a loving home. We are so excited for Alex and wish him and his new family all the best!
We needed to bring our rescue dog Alex, a Catahoula Leopard mix, to a 24-hour hospital tonight because of lethargy and difficulty breathing. He is Heartworm positive and his current condition may be the result of that disease. Alex is a sweet dog despite having had a hard life. He came to the shelter significantly underweight with a chain in embedded in his neck. City Dogs Rescue received an urgent plea from another rescue group because he was scheduled to be put down and no other rescue could take in a dog of his size. We wanted to give this poor guy a chance so we rescued him and his brother, Dexter, just in time. We are hoping he will get better that so we can place him in a permanent, loving home. Unfortunately, we are looking at at least $2200 in urgent vet care expenses. If you are able, please consider contributing through the "Chip-In" at http://citydogsrescuewdc.chipin.com/fund-for-alex to help us pay for this care. Thank you.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.881554
Retrieved Text: When we bought our house, the back porch was this concrete slab with a wooden railing. Here, our home inspector is standing on it.
We didn't initially expect it, but the back door became our main entrance to the house. The door enters into the kitchen, which means that dirty feet and coats had no place to live and I began to dream of a mudroom.
I mentioned this idea to Uncle Leonard, home renovator extraordinaire, about a year ago. He called in July and said "I'm thinking about coming up to work on the mudroom for Alex's birthday." Who was I to refuse help to make a renovation dream come true?
So it was that in the hottest month of the summer, mere days before a Japanese exchange student arrived, that Alex and Leonard put up some walls. "How many windows do you want?" Len wanted to know. "A wall of them?" I answered and the next day they were installed. Sometimes even I am amazed at how our crazy life rolls along.
Our exchange student Yukari arrived in time to see the roof installed, one day before a big birthday gathering for Alex. She took the noise and construction dust in stride and even climbed up to the roof, seen in the picture above at right.
Finally in early August, the mudroom got a door, another window and a third side. It was a real room, the first wood-framed structure Alex had a hand in building. And that's when construction halted. The mudroom was functional so we started filling

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.771774
Retrieved Text: Robert Irvine’s Public House at the Tropicana Las Vegas will be charged with keeping the competition thriving. Past judges and celebrity hosts include Iron Chef Alex Guarnaschelli, Travel Channel’s Adam Richman, Live! With Kelly’s Michael Gelman, baseball legend Cecil Fielder and Dan’s Papers founder Dan Rattiner. VIP access begins at 7:00 PM and will give guests access to the best grilled dishes before the crowds begin as well as access to the waterfront VIP lounge. General Admission is at 8:00 PM. Come hungry and ready to party because Dan’s GrillHampton is finally back!
Smokin’ Wolf BBQ & More!
Dessert provided by Whole Le Crepe, Inc.
Join Dan’s Hamptons Media and Dan’s Papers at the exciting 7th annual Taste of Two Forks presented by Farrell Building Company to close out a summer of fabulous foodie events. This wildly popular summer event celebrates the best of the East End’s restaurants and wineries from both the North and South Forks. Iron Chef Alex Guarnaschelli, Judge on Food Network’s Chopped, Chef/Owner of Butter restaurant, cookbook author of “Old-School Comfort Food” and soon-to-be-released “The Home Cook,” and host of live comedy show Busting My Chops, is back to host this year’s event. Celebrate the best of the Hamptons, tasting dishes from celebrated East End chefs who know and love the ins and outs of beach cuisine. Long Island wineries, East End purveyors and local restaurants such as The North Fork Table & Inn, Lulu Kitchen & Bar, Navy Beach, The Frisky Oyster, Topping Rose House and Duryea’s Lobster Deck will be in attendance for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.740747
Retrieved Text: 5 Seconds Of Summer have finished writing their new album.
The Aussie pop-rock quintet confirmed on Alex Gaskarth and Jack Barakat of All Time Low's Full Frontal radio show their sophomore album is written, almost fully recorded and they have just a few more things to do before they plan on releasing the first single from it.
The band also revealed that one song that made the album was co-written by Alex, which he wasn't aware of until now!
5 Seconds Of Summer are currently touring the world on their highly-anticipated "Rock Out With Your Socks Out" tour. Remaining dates and ticket information can be found here.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.647554
Retrieved Text: I was hooked on Back to You from the very start. Going home and having past demons come back to haunt you is a premise that gets me every time. When Alex Buchanan returns home to say goodbye to his dying father, there are lot of unresolved issues still waiting for him, and it’s not long before he delves into them. But his boyhood friend, Benji, takes center stage as old feelings begin to flood Alex. Both of these men stole my heart – Ben with his caution and caring, and Alex with his stand-offish personality and unforgiveness towards his father. It was Ben who stole the show for me, which I find interesting since this story is told solely from Alex’s point of view. Despite a past that was more than enough to break anyone, Ben was able to find ways to cope and move on, and he just so kind to people. He was quick to remind Alex that they’d been just boys when they’d been separated, and that there was no blame to be cast at the fact that they’d fallen out of touch. I love the way their story progressed, their memories and the way they came to care for the men they’d become. I found their story to be so emotional, and Alex, especially, had a lot of issues to deal with before they could be together. The entire tone of the story was fairly dark with the town hit hard by the economy. It was a great backdrop, and added

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.571266
Retrieved Text: The Scrum Down with Alex Corbisiero features regular guest Jonathan Fisher and input from other current Premiership Rugby players. A conversation on all things Rugby related from a player's point of view.
Alex is joined this week by fellow NBC Sports Rugby Analyst Dan Lyle to discus the final round of the 6 Nations with instant reaction from after the games. Also Alex and Dan announce NBC's agreement to broadcast the European Champions Cup, making NBC the year-round television home of rugby.
Alex is joined again by friend of the pod, Rob Hoadley to breakdown each game of round 2 of the Six Nations. Also this week, Alex has a different opinion on England's performance than some, Hoadley has thoughts on styles of play, Ireland battling injuries ahead of their match-up against Wales, and France drops several players from their squad.
The opening weekend of the 6 Nations is in the books and Alex is here to recap each game and discuss all 6 teams. With Rob Hoadley returning, they take a deep dive into the Wales victory over Scotland, Ireland's nail-biting win over France and England's rout over Italy, as well as what the rest of the tournament could look like for each team.
This week, Alex is back with a jam-packed episode! To kick-off the NatWest 6 Nations, Alex had a chance to speak with Scotland Head Coach Gregor Townsend & Captain John Barclay, Wales Captain Alun Wyn Jones & Head Coach Warren Gatland, Italy Head Coach Conor O'Shea, and Ireland Captain Rory Best. With this year being

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.569115
Retrieved Text: Alex was great the entire process. Super nice and takes time to explain all the little details. Her team does an amazing job at communicating and keeping a thorough timeline of important dates to make sure it is a smooth process!
Alex recently helped us purchase our new home. Alex is extremely patient, sweet, and knowledgeable about the market. From our first meeting she was organized with packets and folders explaining exactly what would happen and how this process works. She came to meet us whenever we needed or wanted to see a home, even within hours of a text. She was always available and there with her infectious smile and positive feedback. She knew exactly how to play and word our offer to win a bidding war on our dream home. As soon as we went into contract her and her team were amazing proving google folders, timelines, vendor lists, working with the sellers to get every question answered, scheudling every inspection, walk through, handling it all for us. It made this process for us stress free and easy. We loved working with Alex, and highly suggest her and her team to anyone that is purchasing or selling there home.
It was an absolute pleasure working with Alex Krause and NextHome to find my new home. Alex was always available for last minute showings and I could not have had a more supportive, patient and hard working realtor. Both she and Emily made looking for and buying a home a stress- free experience, which isn’t easy to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.51123
Retrieved Text: Business needed a custom service portal to easily manage materials for educating clients about product updates. Business wanted to create a community for university clients to post questions and seek help from each other regarding best practices for reaching out to students and employers.
I was tasked to research two CMS systems given high level requirements for the system to offer modules with social networking functionality. Drupal was the obvious choice with its large development community and multitude of modules that provided the requested functionality. Researched and installed the modules that met the requirements, built the mockups to come to consensus with team on visual design, customized the PHP template designs and the administrative interface to allow client services to easily add content such as training materials and FAQs.
Department wanted a new homepage design to feature upcoming events, department news, articles and videos.
I created a new design that gave prominence to the various highlights at CIS.
SetFocus needed to broaden its reach to entry level candidates and promoted two of their training programs on Experience.com.
I created a branded site to present information about the programs through video content, testimonials and its dedication to the Green Revolution, reducing harmful emissions into the atmosphere by offering courses online.
Verizon Wireless needed to broaden its reach to entry level candidates about the Retail Leadership Development Program on Experience.com.
I worked on the conceptual and visual design of the branded site on Experience.com consisting of a variety of dynamic content and functionality.
I needed a place to chronicle the priceless moments I have with Praline,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.39298
Retrieved Text: After his ban from playing the game earlier Alex was forced to resort to desperate measures to get another shot. Despite insistantly asking the girls to give him a shot they continually ignored his requests saying that they were "practising". Alex seemed to accept this excuse initially but after an hour of watching he was forced to act. And even had to physically lift Tess off the arcade game before standing on it himself.
He said that although he agreed the girls needed the practise that it would "take longer than they have in the house before they would win." Tthe girls seemed unimpressed with this and challenged Alex again. Only to lose to him 4 times straight.
Alex immediately claimed himself as the "Snow King", and proceeded in teasing the girls about their lack of snowboarding skills.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.356718
Retrieved Text: At 25, Serena has given up hope of ever finding love or a husband. But she is a loyal sister and is determined to help her step-sister Charity make a match with the Earl of Savege. Of course, Serena has no idea that it’s the Earl she has come across in a dark parlour, just before Charity is to meet the man. Sparks fly the second Serena and Alex meet. And the two share some passionate moments without ever exchanging names. When they come face-to-face at Alex’s introduction to Charity, they are still drawn together like magnets.
Alex is not only an earl, but has a secret identity as a Robin-Hood type pirate. He’s never had any inclination to settle down before, but is considering marriage in order to have an heir. Neither he nor Charity want the betrothal the girl’s mother has engineered, but somehow they are both drawn into it. The story follows Serena as she struggles between her role as a dutiful sister and woman desperately attracted to her sister’s fiance.
The non-romantic subplot features Serena’s determination to bring down a smuggling ring targeting the area. The men have been linked to thedeflowering and disappearance of local girls. And that hits close to home for our heroine, since her young sister was snatched that way as a child. Serena continuously appeals to Alex for help and even seeks out his alter-ego, in hopes the infamous Pirate Redstone would be the hero she needs.
The pirate subplot, I found myself skimming over in order to get back

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.345282
Retrieved Text: Manchester United want Juventus star in exchange for Paul Pogba?
Manchester United are reportedly prepared to discuss the potential sale of Paul Pogba to Juventus, provided they are offered Alex Sandro in a player-exchange deal for the Frenchman.
Manchester United and Chelsea have reportedly received a transfer blow with Alex Sandro deciding to commit his future to Juventus until the summer of 2023.
Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly being fancied to make a move for Alex Sandro next summer with the Brazilian having already turned down a contract offer on the table with Juventus.
Juventus have reportedly decided to keep Alex Sandro for the rest of the ongoing season amid the speculated interest from the likes of Chelsea and Manchester United.
Juventus defender Alex Sandro has suggested that he has the desire to play in the Premier League at some stage of his professional career.
Manchester United have been linked with Brazilian international and Juventus star Alex Sandro for quite some time and the latest reports are intriguing.
Spain international Juan Mata could reportedly prefer a return to Valencia next summer, should there be no progress in terms of contract discussions with Manchester United.
Manchester City are reportedly looking into a possible deal for Alex Sandro after tracking the full-back during Juventus' recent Champions League clash versus Manchester United.
According to the Express, Chelsea’s hopes of signing Juventus left-back Alex Sandro have received a major boost as the Italian giants’ target Marcelo is seeking to leave Real Madrid. As per the report, the latter wants to join Cristiano Ronaldo in Italy.
Real Madrid defender Marcelo

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.299955
Retrieved Text: Providing opportunities for students to gain experience in software development and grow the skills necessary to excel in their careers after graduation is a top priority for Cerner Engineering. Our annual Software Intern Program gives students insight into the design, implementation, testing, deployment, and maintenance of large-scale software projects, which are often beyond the scope of the typical academic experience.
In 2013, we had a total of 224 interns across all business segments with 107 placed into the Software Intern Program to grow their experience as Software Engineers. Each intern was placed on an engineering team, paired with a dedicated mentor, and immediately began learning to use industry-standard tools and processes. They worked on real projects that will ultimately end up in the hands of our clients and play a part in transforming healthcare through the use of technology.
This summer, interns worked on a wide variety of projects spanning from Eclipse RCP applications, Web services, iPad applications, or working with Big Data in the cloud. They used Java, iOS, Ruby, .NET, and many other technologies to solve problems and create new solutions to ensure each intern learned something new while challenging them to take away a new set of skills at the end of their summer experience.
But it’s not all work – the summer schedule was full of opportunities to learn about Kansas City, Healthcare, network with other interns in the program, and have as much fun as possible. This year, we kicked off the internship program at a Sporting KC soccer game, including a private tailgating

================



======= Instance Index 10076 =========
Input Text: Context: Ash spoke their language.

Question: How would Ash feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: spoking tamil

B: spokes their language

C: trying to speak the language

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.917551
Retrieved Text: Ash went to Camden Rocks Festival on 31st May 2014 with a small video team comprising of Ash, Richy and Larry Gale to shoot video highlights of the one day event.
We spoke to bands and filmed their live shows to produce this exciting 3.05 minute highlights video.
We came. We saw. We kicked some arse.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.362272
Retrieved Text: NZ Owned & Operated With Onshore Servers, Reliability & Quick Service Guaranteed!
Web Designers - build an income stream with your own Virtual Hosting operation!
CLOUD SERVERS - build an income stream with your own Virtual Hosting operation!
DEDICATED SERVERS - build an income stream with your own Virtual Hosting operation!
colocation-Host your physical servers with us in our secure datacentre!
Fully Configurable - Add RAM, Hard Drive, CPU as you need it.
We Solve Problems Before They Happen!
Want More Power/Storage/RAM? You Can!
Ash & his team run the best Webhost around. Problem? No problem. They're always available and things get done straight away. Affordable & effective - ASH HOST is my choice of hosting partner.
As a Television Station, our website is vital for us. We needed a Webhost who could advise us in plain language & respond to our rapidly growing requirements without fuss and at minimum cost.
ASH HOST has proven to be a wonderful company to deal with, we're staying right here.
When my family moved house recently, the big Telcos were telling me I could only get ADSL at the new address. Yuck! We're used to fast Internet & didn't want to compromise. I rang them all, 1 or 2 said I could have UFB but with a 3-6 month wait. So I kept ringing.
Then I spoke to ASH HOST. The next week we had a blazing fast Fibre connection attached to a quality Cisco modem, way better than the usual free junk modem. An ASH HOST tech even did the set up for us. Our Internet connection hasn't missed a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.1742
Retrieved Text: Kaniha: An awareness programme on Fly Ash Brick was organized by NTPC Talcher Kaniha at Odash Stadium, Khamar on 17.07.2017.The programme was chaired by Suman Minz, Addnl. Tahasildar Pallahara in august presence of Smt. Rashmita Priyadarsini, SPCB Official, Angul Regional Office and Shri A.K.Kamilla, AGM(EMG/AU),NTPC Kaniha.
Addnl. Tahasildar, Pallahara Suman Minz, speaking on this occasion shared the benefits of use of fly ash brick and impact of clay bricks on environment. In his brief talk, he emphasized on the use of fly ash brick in construction activities.
Dy. Engr, Odisha State Pollution Control Board, Angul Regional Office ,Smt. Rashmita Priyadarsini, elaborated on the advantages of fly ash brick in respect of its cost effectiveness and quality. She stressed on manufacturing bricks according to BIS in order to maintain quality of the bricks and to gain confidence of the users to opt for ash bricks instead of clay bricks.
On the occasion, Shri A.K.Kamilla explained the benefits of fly ash bricks over clay bricks in detail. He also emphasized on the conservation of top soil by avoiding use of clay bricks which leads extraction of soil. In place, fly ash can be used which being a pollutant can be converted to a product by manufacturing ash based products.
The programme was attended by fly ash brick manufacturers, brick users as well as masonry workers.Participants who have used fly ash bricks shared their views on their experience.Participants queries were clarified by the guests regarding the longevity of the ash brick as well as its strength.
About 120 persons participated in the programme.The programme

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.129349
Retrieved Text: Arabic language vs language of Aristotle!
October 2, 2014 in ash-Shaafi'ee 204 AH.
September 24, 2014 in ash-Shaafi'ee 204 AH.
September 11, 2014 in ash-Shaafi'ee 204 AH.
August 15, 2014 in ash-Shaafi'ee 204 AH.
Whoever wants the dunya and akhira, then upon him is to seek knowledge!
March 16, 2014 in ash-Shaafi'ee 204 AH.
February 26, 2014 in ash-Shaafi'ee 204 AH.
January 5, 2014 in ash-Shaafi'ee 204 AH.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.468979
Retrieved Text: MADRID – A senior U.S. official says the U.S. does not believe Russia&apos;s incursion into Turkey&apos;s airspace was an accident, and urgent talks are underway on what to do about the weekend incident.
The official says the event is the type of unprofessional military conduct that U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter spoke with the Russian defense minister about during their recent phone call.
Carter says the U.S. is conferring with Turkish leaders about the airspace violation and that the issue will come up later this week at the NATO meeting of defense ministers. Carter spoke during a press conference here with the Spanish defense minister.
The senior U.S. official was not authorized to discuss the talks publicly so spoke on condition of anonymity.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.385323
Retrieved Text: The Ash FlatTeam focuses on knowing the “individual”. This philosophy allows us to provide healthcare that is intensely personal, healthcare that takes into consideration the physical, social and spiritual well-being of each and every individual. From admission to discharge, we assist our elders in achieving their highest possible level of independence.
Our physical therapists use a number of advanced techniques to help our elders improve their quality of life. Physical therapy provides intervention for health-related problems associated with stroke, arthritis, respiratory illness, and other ailments. Ash Flat is equipped to identify, correct, or compensate for your specific functional limitation. Our goal is to rehabilitate to the highest possible level of functioning for each individual to maximize his or her quality of life.
Speech-language pathologists focus on improving deficits in speech and swallowing. Our therapists are professionally trained in helping elders recover from strokes or other injuries that affect speech and swallowing. Our speech-language pathologists work one-on-one with our elders to help them regain functional communication with a variety of methods. Ash Flat uses an interdisciplinary approach to maximize communication through verbal, visual, and/or gestural means.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.003345
Retrieved Text: Ash was uncomfortable in the gorgeous black tuxedo he was wearing, despite it being tailored specifically for him. Mercutio had glibly insisted on "only the best" and Ash found himself being prodded and measured by a weary-eyed tailor in the back room of a chic Beverly Hills boutique. He felt stilted and unnatural in the expensive clothes. The truth was that he was sleekly elegant and startlingly attractive in his new attire, despite feeling like a child playing dress-up with his father's cast-offs. Mercutio and Rena had both smiled approvingly, Mercutio complimenting him with applause that was not entirely mocking. Ash and Rena ate dinner shortly after in a small, overpriced bistro while Mercutio looked on with mock-benevolence, like an emperor feeding peasants on epiphany.
They were once again swallowed by the limo, its gleaming blackness seeming more serpentine than metallic. The limo curved elegantly through twisting streets and narrow wynds up into the Hollywood Hills. Ash looked out at huge gates defending private homes while Rena engaged in idle chatter with Mercutio. Ash attempted to let his mind wander onto unrelated subjects, but reality kept intruding. He knew almost nothing of this eccentric and evidently wealthy man that was escorting them to the party. Ash studied Mercutio out of the corner of one eye. There was a cruelness to his eyes that belied his ingratiating smiles. Ash thought Mercutio looked every inch the predator, expensive clothes and tastes notwithstanding.
The car turned into a cul-de-sac high on the side of the hill, huge iron gates parted before

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.830101
Retrieved Text: Salway Ash School currently has 113 pupils on roll- 39% being male and 61% female.
95% of our pupils are white British and all pupils use English as their first language.
Please see Equality policy and Information for further analysis on equality and it’s application within Salway Ash School.
The governing body regularly updates our accessibility plan to ensure the building is suitable for all current users. Work continues to ensure facilities cater for a wide range of pupils including those we may not yet have encountered but may do in the future. We aim to educate the school community on the accessibility challenges others may face.
Salway Ash School aims to promote spiritual, moral, social and cultural development through all areas of the curriculum with particular reference to equality and diversity.
We recently conducted a survey to parents on how they felt about equality within Salway Ash School.
The responses are included below.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.489666
Retrieved Text: Most people in the ancient Mediterranean and West Asian areas spoke languages that divided into two groups. One language group is Indo-European and the other group is Semitic. In southern Africa, most people spoke either a Bantu language or a Khoisan language. Indian people spoke Dravidian languages. Central Asian people spoke variations of Turkic languages. Chinese people spoke different kinds of Chinese. In Japan, they spoke Japanese. Across the Pacific Ocean, in the Americas, there were a lot of Native languages.
The Indo-European language group probably got started between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea, in modern Georgia (see map). Around 3000 BC some of the people who spoke this language moved away. Some of them went west toward the Atlantic Ocean. These people are the Celts. They speak the Celtic languages: Gaelic, Welsh, Breton and Cornish. Another group went east toward China. They’re the Tocharians, but nowadays they speak Chinese.
A little later, other Indo-Europeans went around the Black Sea toward the Mediterranean or south to West Asia. Some of them settled in Italy, where Indo-European became Latin. Others settled in Greece, where Indo-European became Greek.In northern Europe, Indo-European turned into German, Danish, Swedish, and English. Some Indo-Europeans went to West Asia, where they spoke Hittite and Persian. And some went all the way south to India, where they spoke Sanskrit. The people who stayed where they were in the Balkans and Russia started to speak the Slavic and Baltic languages: Russian, Polish, Lithuanian.
A second group of Mediterranean people spoke Semitic languages. Semitic languages include Hebrew,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.451012
Retrieved Text: Overview: Great wine speaks profoundly, a universal language transcending any one culture. Hailing from northern Europe, the Fullerton family speaks many languages, and delights in sharing the language of wine with others. Fullerton Wines crafts elegant and distinctive Pinot Noirs and Chardonnays that transport you to their place, Oregon’s Willamette Valley.
A family of enophiles, the Fullertons can trace their love of wine to Eric, who was first introduced to wine growing and production during his teenage years when he worked as a cellar hand in Germany (a story in and of itself). A few years later, his best friend in Denmark inherited an impressive cellar of Bordeaux and Burgundy wines. Together, they sought younger bottlings of the cellared wines, and held vertical tastings. Their interest in wine grew, and they began traveling throughout France discovering new producers to fuel their expanding passion.
When Eric and Susanne met in Stockholm, it did not take long for Susanne to fall in love with Eric and the wines he respected. Marriage soon followed, and they continued tasting, savoring, and cellaring wine.
In 2010, Alex Fullerton graduated from the University of Oregon with an Economics degree. Alex and Eric were tasting wine at Penner-Ash Wine Cellars, and began discussing home-brewing and the process of fermentation. The conversation led to the idea of Alex making wine. A couple of minutes later, Lynn Penner-Ash entered the room, and Eric asked her how Alex could enter the industry. Coincidentally, a harvest intern had dropped out that morning, and she needed a replacement. The next day

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.441906
Retrieved Text: Otherwise, Soft White Ash is a collection of poetry attempting to capture the smallest intricacies of emotional experience within the framework of familial and universal relationships. The poems range from the intensely personal to situations widely inclusive. The language relies on deep and vertical image to convey both symbology and meaning. The poems straddle the lines between myth and reality, often offering windows into universal stories and desires. Delicate and violent, visceral and tender, the poems in this collection offer their reader an opportunity to explore multiple levels of metaphor and intention.
Allen, Kelli Danielle, "Otherwise, Soft White Ash" (2011). Theses. 120.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.407158
Retrieved Text: Due to overwhelming demand, Trans Chorus of Los Angeles returns to the Renberg Theatre with an encore of The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and The Spiders from Mars. David Bowie's classics get a royal tribute with their first ever staged concert production.
Come with us to support Ash Gernak (who spoke about how important this chorus is to them at the July Assembly!), Marsha Rose and the other singers! A big group of Assemblers is planning to attend.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.211727
Retrieved Text: Chair with ash plywood structure, with front panel upholstered in leather, eco-leather or fabric. 4-spoke swivel base in clean polished aluminium. A structure with a “Maxi” wider seat is available.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.151117
Retrieved Text: If your order is not in stock at the time of purchase , your credit card or Paypal account will not be charged. Buy the Charvel Pro-Mod DK24 HH HT M Ash Electric Guitar Charcoal Gray online at the best price of S$1,500 with free shipping throughout Singapore to most locations including Kuala Lumpur , Klang , Kampung Baru Subang and Johor Bahru.
A powerful tone machine built for the harder side of rock, the new Charvel Pro-Mod DK24 HH HT M Ash comes supercharged with premium features.
The sleekly sculpted Dinky body is constructed from ash and has a bolt-on two-piece maple neck with graphite reinforcement for rock-solid stability and a hand-rubbed urethane gel back finish for sublime and speedy playability. The 12"-16" compound radius maple fingerboard hosts 24 jumbo frets and offset dot inlays, and has a heel-mounted spoke wheel for quick and easy truss rod tweaks.
A Charcoal Gray stained finish showcases the natural and beautiful wood grain, and is paired with black pickup bobbins and black hardware.
Unleash your inner guitar master with the Charvel Pro-Mod DK24 HH HT M Ash. Order today.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.097065
Retrieved Text: A beaming high school senior, proudly wearing both her Cal-Berkeley sweatshirt and her newly awarded Seal of Biliteracy medal, paused in the aisle of the Mello Center to hug a young Language Ambassador. This was one of the highlights of two recent ceremonies honoring two hundred seventy seven elementary school students from four districts as Language Ambassadors this spring.
When I interviewed Language Ambassadors from Pacific Elementary about how they chose the language they were studying, they told me it was their grandparents’ language, or their father’s language, or the language that their mom’s friend spoke, or that their cousins who were coming to visit spoke, or that their friend’s family spoke. I realized then the power that multilingualism has to build connections and strengthen our community.
Participating districts this year included Pajaro Valley Unified School District, Mountain Elementary School District, Pacific Elementary and Live Oak School District. Students from Pajaro Valley Unified were recognized in a ceremony held at the Mello Center in Watsonville, in conjunction with a ceremony for graduating seniors receiving the Seal of Biliteracy. Students from Live Oak, Mountain and Pacific were honored in a ceremony at the Santa Cruz COE. The COE ceremony featured presentations such as songs and slides prepared by the students to share their learning.
Over sixteen languages were represented by this year’s Language Ambassadors, including: Spanish, Tagalog, Hebrew, Russian, Swedish, Japanese, Hindi, American Sign Language, Hawaiian, Arabic, Mixtec, French, German, Dutch, Italian and Farsi.
Language Ambassadors is designed to encourage language learning in both students who already speak a language other

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.892529
Retrieved Text: This autumn St. Johannes Catholic Bible school opens at Marias Minde in Sandviken.. The school offers studies in Catholic belief & practice & basic training in children & young people’s catechises or in parish finance & administration. For more information contact Peder Solberg leader of the project.
It is possible to hand in palm branches from last year’s Palm Sunday to the parish office or the sacristy until 13th February. They will be burnt & the ash used for the ash crosses on Ash Wednesday.
Lent begins in 14th February. Ash Wednesday masses will be in Filippino at 5pm, in Polish at 6 pm & in Norwegian at 7 pm. During Lent stations of the cross will be on Fridays at 6.30 pm except when there is mass in Polish when they will be at 6.30 pm.
Youth worker Maria Krakus invites all young people over 16 years of age to take part in a Lenten retreat with Franciscan father Hallvard Hole from 16th to 18th February. See the notice board for more information.
Katolsk forum’s next talk is on Tuesday 20th Feb. in the school staff room at 7.45pm. Sylfest Lomheim, professor of languages at the University of Agder & former director of the Language Council of Norway will give a talk entitled “Biblical language in our everyday language”. Everyone is welcome.
Father Rory Mulligan will be holding a Lenten retreat at Marias Minde from 8th to 11th March. The subject is “Mary, a model for us disciples”. Everyone is welcome. Enrollment by 1st March online at bergen@katolske.no or at

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.855867
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK CITY — April 16, 2019 — The American Apparel & Footwear Association (AAFA) hosted the AAFA American Image Awards last night with a sold-out event celebrating the accomplishments of the fashion and retail industry at the iconic Plaza Hotel in New York City. Hosted by award-winning actress Brooke Shields, the gala honored leaders, influencers, and innovators in the apparel and footwear industries and benefited the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) Foundation.
The AAFA American Image Awards honorees included Person of the Year, Isaac Ash, President and CEO of United Legwear & Apparel Co.; Retailer of the Year, American Eagle Outfitters; Company of the Year, Birkenstock; Designer of the Year, Eileen Fisher; Media Brand of the Year, WWD; and Fashion Collaboration of the Year, Disney Princess X Ruthie Davis.
“We thank the AAFA and all those who attended the American Image Awards for the support to the CFDA Foundation. Through the Foundation, we are able to devote funds towards important causes and initiatives, such as HIV/AIDS, Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, disaster relief, domestic manufacturing, and education and professional development,” said Steven Kolb, President and CEO of the CFDA.
Jay Schottenstein received an enthusiastic reception upon accepting his award for Retailer of the Year. Schottenstein spoke about the age of Amazon and Millennials and the company’s secret to success — happy customers, great quality and exciting product, and motivated, positive employees. Guests were treated to a fun and engaging video from Ruthie Davis X Disney which noted the launch of a new princess collection for Aladdin featuring

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.831718
Retrieved Text: Last week I attended Extinction Emergency, an event hosted by Greens Senator RichardDi Natale about the increasing biodiversity crisis happening in Victoria's backyard, in the forests of the Central Highlands.
Sarah Rees, Adam Bandt and Janet Rice.
The event saw a range of inspiring speakers talk to a packed RMIT Storey Hall about the crisis our State faunal emblem, the Leadbeater's Possum, is facing due to lack of habitat.
Speakers also outlined a vision for the future, one that is good for jobs, good for the environment, good for climate change, good for water supply and good for biodiversity, the creation of the Great Forest National Park spanning the forests of the Central Highlands of Victoria.
Tim Flannery spoke about the extinction crisis in this country and said it was the eleventh hour for the Leadbeater's Possum, concerned that we will be the last generation to see this species alive. He went on to say that if we do act we can prevent decline of species.
the Leadbeater's Possum for over three decades.
of public assets for the public good.
Prof David Lindenmayer, renowned expert on Leadbeater's Possum, said the plight of the possum was emblematic of the failure of government policy and legislation to protect a species and that industrial scale logging was setting the possum on a path to extinction. He talked about the Mountain Ash forests of the Central Highlands and their carbon carrying capacity, these are the most carbon dense forests in the world (read more here). He went on to highlight that only 1.16% of old growth Mountain

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.759718
Retrieved Text: Earlier this year fans learned that the cast of Starz's hit horror-comedy series "Ash vs. Evil Dead" would be expanding in Season 2. In addition to Ted Raimi (brother of "Evil Dead" director and "AvED" Executive Producer Sam Raimi) as Ash's childhood best friend, fans will also get to meet Ash's dad for the very first time. With Bruce Campbell already a horror icon, the show wouldn't be doing him justice without casting another icon as his father. Enter Lee Majors, perhaps best known from "The Six Million Dollar Man."
The first photo of the character was revealed today by Entertainment Weekly, who also spoke with Campbell about what to expect from the upcoming season. Mostly, it sounds like Ash's sidekick Pablo (Ray Santiago) is in for a really bad, really bloody time.
"Pablo’s got a crazy journey this year. The stuff he goes through makes my life seem easy," said Campbell. "I think we’re going to find out that he’s not just Ash’s sidekick. I don’t think Ray had any idea what was coming. Some of the horrors that await Pablo..."
Season 2 of "Ash vs Evil Dead" picks up with Ash living the good life; "having keggers and hanging with chicks." But, life has a tendency of getting in the way, even when surrounded by Deadites. Things go sour quickly causing Ash, Pablo and Kelly (Dana Delorenzo) to head to William's hometown of Elk Grove, Michigan. Where we get to meet the old man himself, Lee Majors. “He’s even grumpier than Ash,” says Campbell. There's a reason

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.720274
Retrieved Text: My grandparents only spoke Polish in the house. Us kids didn't understand a word of it.
My brother and I (we found this out years later) both independently assumed that Polish was what people automatically spoke when most of their teeth had fallen out.
I'm not sure about vocalizations. However, in Canada dogs' tails wag up and down, not side to side.
Cats and dogs communicate largely through body language. They can understand some of what our meows and barks mean, and we can understand what some of their meows and barks mean, but body language speaks the loudest.
This is two different subjects: Dogs communicating with each other in their own "language" (obviously, they can't communicate with each other in human language), and dogs understanding human language.
Difference in training. The same way dogs know that a baby is important to their master and need to be played with more gently than older people.
A guy I worked with who was of Greek descent told me that American chickens go "cluck, cluck", and Greek chickens go "crou, crou".

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.705093
Retrieved Text: An emerald ash borer adult.
A statewide quarantine of the invasive insect emerald ash borer (EAB) will go into effect on March 30, 2018. Previously, individual counties were quarantined when EAB was confirmed within each’s borders. Since EAB has been found in 48 of 72 Wisconsin counties, officials have determined that statewide regulation of the devastating ash tree pest is warranted.
For further information on EAB in Wisconsin, visit https://dnr.wi.gov/, using key words “emerald ash borer”.
Fire season is just beginning. Each year an estimated 1,100 wildfires burn in DNR protection areas (about half the state, generally the more forested areas) and another estimated 2,500 wildfires burn in parts of the state where fire departments are the primary responders. Two-thirds of these fires occur in spring. There is a great deal of dry vegetation and fallen leaves and other debris present this time of year, which is quick to dry out. Accompanied by warmer weather, drops in humidity and gusty winds, wildfires can quickly ignite and spread. So far this year, 57 fires have occurred in DNR Protection Areas. Main fire causes have been debris burning and equipment. Fourteen homes and 12 outbuildings have been threatened by these fires and 3 outbuildings have been destroyed.
“When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect.” Aldo Leopold spoke these words many years ago, but they still ring true today. We all belong to a community, built around the people and the places we love and feel connected to, including

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.625668
Retrieved Text: ESCUINTLA, Guatemala — Lilian Hernandez wept as she spoke the names of aunts, uncles, cousins, her grandmother and two great-grandchildren — 36 family members in all — missing and presumed dead in the explosion of Guatemala’s Volcano of Fire.
What was once a collection of verdant canyons, hillsides and farms resembled a moonscape of ash, rock and debris on Tuesday in the aftermath of the fast-moving avalanche of super-heated muck that roared into the tightly knit villages on the mountain’s flanks, devastating entire families.
The fast-moving flows with temperatures as high as 1,300 degrees Fahrenheit and hot ash and volcanic gases that can cause rapid asphyxiation caught many off guard.
A spokesman for Guatemala’s disaster agency, Conred, said that once it reaches 72 hours after the eruption, there will be little chance of finding anyone alive.
“We don’t rule out the possibility of some person alive, but the condition in which the homes are makes that possibility pretty unlikely,” said the spokesman, Juan Sanchez, adding that some of the ash was still at temperatures between 750 and 1,300 degrees Fahrenheit.
“Animals have a different sort of resistance … and different behavior when it comes to finding refuge,” Sanchez said.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.5895
Retrieved Text: BMW published several images on Facebook with the new Individual Program for the 4-Series Coupe and Convertible models. The manufacturer has already announced their Individual program for the M3 Saloon and M4 Coupe and now it is turn to the normal models.
The Coupe boasts a nice Citrine Black metallic exterior paint job and the Convertible is finished in Pyrite Brown metallic. Both come with 19" alloy wheels with a V-spoke 626 design.
The interior can be ordered with Ash Grain White trim and Merino leather upholstery in opal white with contrasting piping and stitching. There is also a leather steering wheel with Individual badge, Plane Auburn dark wood trim and Merino leather in Gold Brown.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.589478
Retrieved Text: Malleus smirked. “I could make a 'here to help myself' joke. But I think we both know that we're past the moment of levity.” As he spoke, he gathered purple flame in his hands, levelling them towards Lucky.
“You still blame me.” Lucky said from behind his cover. He sighed.
“Heran Kyall Varrn. I wish to parlay.” Kyall turned in surprise, waving down his soldiers as they instinctively raised their weapons towards the far hall. He looked at the young Sayleen soldier standing across from him, clad in blue, his trademark cap punctured with holes to allow his antennae to touch the air. Grey body armor and the laser at his hip completed the looked, and Kyall smiled despite himself.
“Carath Jhim. I wondered if I might see you.” He pointed down the hall. “I take it they've realized their folly?” Down the hall, weapons fire died as soldiers paused to look back at the parlay.
Jhim blinked, sudden fear washing over his face. “Ash.” He said quietly.
“You want Ash.” Jhim whispered.
“I expected as much.” Kyall admitted. “But hope springs eternal. At least now I have you surrounded.” Jhim looked back, in surprise, to see soldiers filing into the hall behind him.
“You were stalling.” Jhim said slowly. He chuckled.
“You're welcome to try.” Jhim laughed in response, raising his own gun as the soldiers behind him raced out of cover.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.505272
Retrieved Text: Days of Gloom and Glory (Japanese: リンドウ Lindow) is the eleventh chapter of the manga The Electric Tale of Pikachu. It is based on the anime episode Make Room For Gloom.
Now that Ash has earned eight Gym Badges, he is officially qualified to enter the Indigo League and compete in the Indigo Plateau Conference. Inspired to resume their own training and perhaps enter the league themselves, Misty and Brock separate from Ash.
Traveling alone again, Ash encounters a large group of Gloom, and is surprised to discover that they do not emit a foul odor. Their Trainer, a woman named Florinda Showers, reveals that when certain herbal perfumes are mixed into their drinking water, Gloom will not emit a foul smell. Ash takes notice of Florinda's Leaf Stones, and she reveals that they are fakes. She explains that she was tricked into buying fake Leaf Stones and that her house has sunk into the sea.
Suddenly, a man, Potter, emerges from the sea. He explains that he has salvaged Florinda's favorite stuffed animals as well as her secret diary. Florinda laments that she feels worthless as the head of the family and that she could not survive without Potter, but Potter disagrees, saying that she can bring the family to its former glory. As Ash is about to leave, he recognizes a photo of the crooks who sold Florinda the false Leaf Stone: it is Jessie and James of Team Rocket. Meanwhile, Meowth says he grew up in the ruins of this town. Meowth remembers he met a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.346357
Retrieved Text: Thanks to Defense Secretary Ash Carter the condition of gender dysphoria no longer disqualifies troops from service because a de facto moratorium on dismissals was enacted last month by him. The policy of a total ban on transgender troops will end altogether in May.
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon’s ban on transgender troops would end May 27 under a draft timeline on repeal of the policy that affects about 12,000 troops, according to a document obtained by USA TODAY.
Meanwhile, Army and the Air Force leaders know for sure of about 20 transgender troops in each service, according to a Defense Department official familiar with the issue who spoke on condition of anonymity because officials were not authorized to speak publicly. The condition of gender dysphoria disqualifies them from service under current policy, but a de facto moratorium on dismissals was enacted last month by Defense Secretary Ash Carter.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.309902
Retrieved Text: This article is about fictional language. For the variety of American English known as "Black English", see African American Vernacular English.
None since J. R. R. Tolkien.
The Black Speech is a fictional language created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
One of the languages constructed by J. R. R. Tolkien in Tolkien's legendarium, it was spoken in the realm of Mordor. Tolkien describes the language as being created by Sauron as an (in-universe) constructed language to be the sole language of all the servants of Mordor, thereby replacing (with little success) the many different varieties of Orkish, Common Speech and other languages used by his servants. Tolkien describes the language as existing in two forms, the ancient "pure" forms used by Sauron himself, the Nazgûl, and the Olog-hai, and the more "debased" form used by the soldiery of the Barad-dûr at the end of the Third Age.
The Black Speech was not intentionally modeled on any style, but was meant to be self consistent, very different from Elvish, yet organized and expressive, as would be expected of a device of Sauron before his complete corruption. It was evidently an agglutinative language. [...] I have tried to play fair linguistically, and it is meant to have a meaning not be a mere casual group of nasty noises, though an accurate transcription would even nowadays only be printable in the higher and artistically more advanced form of literature. According to my taste such things are best left to Orcs, ancient and modern.
From a fan, Tolkien received a goblet with the Ring inscription

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.2984
Retrieved Text: The research was carried out in 72 blocks across the 24 districts of the state, covering 216 villages. During the survey, researchers interacted with schoolchildren, their parents, teachers and village leaders. Over 3,000 kids were profiled during the survey.
It was found that mother tongue of over 96 per cent of rural population, including school kids, was tribal or regional languages. While 33 per cent of the children interviewed spoke Santhali at home, 17.5 per cent spoke Khortha, 9.5 per cent Kurukh, 8.2 per cent Nagpuri, 7.6 per cent used Mundari, 6.7 per cent Sadri and 5.6 per cent used Ho. Only four per cent rural families spoke Hindi at home.
92 per cent of the teachers use Hindi to interact with students in schools. Over 90 per cent of the teachers indicated that they can speak tribal or regional language of that area. But since instruction in mother tongue is not mandatory they chose to instruct in Hindi.
Over 78% of the teachers felt that children faced problems in learning because of the language gap of home and school.
The study recommends that the medium of instruction in anganwadi pre-school centres and primary classes in schools should be in the mother-tongue of children, which is tribal or regional language. The study suggests that material in tribal and regional language should be developed and used in classrooms to bridge gap between the home language and school language. Besides, teachers should be oriented to understand and respect local resources and culture, as well as to communicate with children in local language.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.291494
Retrieved Text: Anngjerd Rustands works often evolve as she explores the physical properties of natural materials or basic industrial products, the symbolic value of her materials, and adds language. Her work nearly always revolves around human experience and understanding of nature.
«Blåbær og aske» («Bilberry and Ash») is a composition of fragile paintings hung on the walls of Prosjektrom Normanns. The work is made repeating one simple process: Extract of bilberry (European blueberry) and wood ash dissolved in water are mixed together and poured on to a sheet of wrapping tissue paper. The pigment that gives bilberries their distinct colour is ph sensitive. Increasing the proportion of ash, which is a base, changes the colour from a bright red to shades of purple, blue, and green, until it degrades into a pale brown.
Anngjerd Rustand (b. 1982) in Arendal, Norway, is an artist based in Bergen. She holds and MA in fine art from Bergen Academy of Art and Design (2010). Previous shows include Entrée, Oslo Kunstforening, Møllebyen Lilleraturfestival/House of Foundation, Kristiansand Kunsthall, Hordaland Kunstsenter, and Kim? Contemporary Art Centre (Riga, Latvia). In 2013 she was nominated for Sparebankstiftelsen DnB artist grant. Her next upcoming show is «Unfolding Artists’ Books» at Den Frie Udstillingsbygning in Copenhagen, Denmark, in March. Rustand is also part of the Bergen based artist collective Ytter.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.288128
Retrieved Text: Is the Arabic language being murdered? Dany Awad comments on a new awareness project taking part on the streets of Beirut, imploring passers-by not to kill their language. See photos of this innovative project in this post [AR].
As if Lebanese always spoke Arabic. Lebanese mix French with their language and it is quite different than the Arabuc the Arab world speaks. There is nothing wrong in generations continuing their formation of their own language.

================



======= Instance Index 26871 =========
Input Text: Context: Addison caused trust in animals.

Question: Why did Addison do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: addison trust a girl

B: addison caused trust animals

C: addison trust a school

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.93294
Retrieved Text: The Addison County Humane Society (ACHS), located in Middlebury Vermont, is a private, non-profit organization dedicated to protecting the well being of homeless, abandoned and abuse/neglected animals. Founded in 1975, ACHS continues to serve as the only animal shelter in Addison County and since its inception has served over 19,000 animals. We serve more animals per resident than nearly any other shelter in the state and offer programs and services to meet a wide array of critical animal welfare needs. ACHS provides these services without any county, state or federal funding.
ACHS is a No-Kill Shelter and is strongly committed to providing the highest quality of care to all animals that enter our shelter. At the shelter, we house approximately fourteen (14) dogs, one hundred and twenty-five (125) cats, and approximately ten (10) other small animals such as rabbits, hamsters, guinea pigs, and birds. We also provide services to an unlimited number of animals (dogs, cats, horses, cows, goats, pigs and other farm animals) through our foster care program. Through the use of a group of dedicated foster families, we are able to place animals in their homes, thus providing service throughout the county for many animals. Foster care services are most often provided for animals in emergency situations such as special needs animals, pregnant cats, and animals rescued through our Cruelty Response Program.
As a No-Kill Shelter, ACHS strongly believes that every animal who enters our shelter deserves to be cared for in a nurturing and loving environment by compassionate employees and volunteers, is entitled to the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.724716
Retrieved Text: Addison Anemia is a medical condition caused by the malabsorption of Vitamin B-12 and is relatively common form of anemia.
Diagnosis is made through serum testing, blood testing and Schilling tests.
Treatment includes blood transfusions and administration of medicines designed to alleviate symptoms including occurrence of anemia.
Symptoms includes low grade fever, beefy red smooth tongue, yellow waxy pallor with premature whitening of the hair, flabbiness, blotchy skin pigmentation, retinal hemorrhages and spenic tip.
Addison Anemia is a hereditary disease.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.426495
Retrieved Text: Blue Mesa Addison turns 25 this year!
As many of you know, Blue Mesa Addison recently relocated across the street from its original spot in Village on the Parkway and opened its brand new doors last month. Now, the popular establishment is getting ready to celebrate its 25th year in Addison with a killer bash.
Don’t miss your chance to savor free food, soak up live music and splurge on tasty drinks from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. tomorrow, August 21, at the new location.
Founders Jim and Liz Baron say the upcoming fete will celebrate both the move and the company as a whole.
To commemorate this milestone, Blue Mesa Addison will be decked out with four or five food stations, a cash bar featuring different tequila distilleries and live salsa and merengue band Tony Borras Y Org. Candela.
Expect free steak or chicken skewers, a street tacos bar, fresh guacamole and salads, Southwestern favorites, Hatch chile rellenos, a dessert station including mini flans and much more.
Operation Kindness, one of the beneficiaries of “Tacos for a Cause,” will also join the party with animals up for adoption.
Now situated in Prestonwood Pond II, Blue Mesa Addison is a freestanding, Santa Fe-style building with some contemporary cool features.
A patio with fire pit seating, a conference room and a private party room are all available at the new restaurant.
The fun starts at 4 p.m. and is open to the public. No reservations are required so grab your friends and we’ll see you there!
For more information, visit Blue Mesa Addison here.
Caren Rodriguez graduated from

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.291061
Retrieved Text: Don't hesitate to call Pro Surety Bond when you're in the market for a surety bond. We specialize in all types of Contract and Construction Bonds including Payment and Performance Bonds, Subdivision and Off Site Bonds, Bid Bonds, License and Permit Bonds, Court Bonds, Fidelity Bonds and all types of Miscellaneous Surety Bonds. Call 800-314-7003 for each and every surety bond need. Our staff of bond counselors enjoy talking bonds to anyone. Call the Addison Surety Bond Pros at 800-314-7003!
Call 800-314-7003! What is a surety bond? A surety bond is a way of securing trust for a commitment you have made. Let’s say you own a plumbing contracting company. When you get a business license you are committing yourself to do business in a non-fraudulent way, but unfortunately the government needs more than you word of honor in order to trust you. They would like it if your financial standing were enough to back you up but the reality is that they won’t sleep at night until they have a guarantee from you, a third party guarantee, backed up by the financial prestige of a surety company. Surety bonds exist for this reason. When you purchase the bond, the surety promises that it will take on the risk of making sure any valid claim against the bond is paid no matter what, which usually means making a short term loan to you to cover it. Pro Surety Bond has over 25 years of combined industry experience, and what’s another 25 more? Call us even if your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.026697
Retrieved Text: The kitchen is where friends and family gather when they come to your Addison home. Despite the abundance of restaurants and rich nightlife here in Addison, there’s still nothing like a home-cooked meal in a modern kitchen. If old appliances and outdated finishes make you feel embarrassed to have people over, it could be time for an Addison kitchen remodel.
Hatfield Builders & Remodelers can help you transform your kitchen from drab and dated to fresh and fabulous. We’ll help you custom design a new kitchen that features all your must-haves, along with a few bonuses you never knew you needed. With our keen eye and sense of style, we’ll help you pinpoint exactly what you want from your kitchen remodel. Then, we’ll bring the design to life!
To begin your kitchen remodel in Addison, Texas, please contact Hatfield Builders & Remodelers and schedule a free consultation today.
View our photo gallery of award-winning kitchen remodels in the Addison area.
Call Hatfield Builders & Remodelers at 214-278-6261 to get started on your kitchen remodel in the Addison area.
We’ll look at your existing kitchen and the adjoining rooms to explore all of your options. Removing a wall between the kitchen and dining room or pantry can dramatically open a space up, as can removing closets, adding windows, or building additions. All of our recommendations will be done to maintain (or improve) the structural integrity, design aesthetic, and resale value of your Addison home.
Let Hatfield Builders & Remodelers help you add your personal touch to the look and feel of your kitchen.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.997656
Retrieved Text: If you have been involved in a car accident, you need to hire an Addison car accident lawyer to pursue the negligent driver. You may be entitled to compensation for your injuries and damages. Unfortunately, Texas laws are voluminous and complex. Additionally, the negligent person’s insurance company has a team of lawyers with the goal of paying you nothing. A car accident can cause a host of injuries and damages, including lost wages, physical injuries and the mental anguish it causes. You shouldn’t have to worry about compensation for your injuries and damages at a time like this. A car accident in Addison is a serious event and it requires serious representation. If you choose to hire an Addison car accident lawyer, call us immediately. We’ll take care of you and your case from beginning to end.
You need to hire an Addison car accident lawyer to fight for your rights with the insurance companies and their lawyers. With a firm understanding of the law, auto accident injury lawyer Todd E. Tkach knows how to maximize the compensation you deserve. Don’t go it alone!
Usually, if you don't hire an Addison car accident lawyer, you will be negotiating with the negligent person's insurance company or their lawyer. You need someone on your side, who has the education, training, and experience to deal with these insurance companies. Don 't "go it alone." You need to hire an Addison car accident lawyer who has years of experience in dealing with insurance companies and personal injury claims. The Lawyers of Todd

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.750566
Retrieved Text: Your decision about whether to hire an Addison auto accident lawyer to help you through the difficult process of an auto accident can make the difference between peace of mind and disaster. The injuries and damages from an auto accident can be overwhelming. We can help you through this difficult and complex process with proper guidance, advice and rock solid legal representation.
When you can’t pay your bills, you’re injured and in pain, your medical bills continue to mount, and your vehicle is severely damaged, you need an aggressive Addison auto accident lawyer. It’s no laughing matter when you can’t work due to an auto accident injury and the insurance company is threatening to deny your claim. Put your mind at ease and let the professionals with Todd E. Tkach, P.C. handle your case from beginning to end.
You need a top Addison auto accident lawyer to fight for your rights with the insurance companies and their lawyers. With a firm understanding of the law, auto accident injury lawyer Todd E. Tkach knows how to maximize the compensation you deserve. Don’t go it alone!
Most often, Todd E. Tkach, as your Addison auto accident lawyer, will be negotiating with the negligent person's insurance company or their lawyer. You need someone on your side, who has the education, training, and experience to deal with these insurance companies. Don 't "go it alone." You need an Addison auto accident lawyer who has years of experience in dealing with insurance companies and personal injury claims. The Lawyers of Todd E. Tkach, P.C.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.742792
Retrieved Text: Firefighters from Hyndburn were called to Addison Court in Accrington after the fire started in the toilet area.
Care home staff have been praised for their ‘exemplary bravery’ after a fire broke out in a resident’s bedroom.
The occupant of the room was rescued by staff and when fire crews arrived they used breathing apparatus and hose reels to extinguish the fire.
Two residents and a staff member were treated at the scene by paramedics for smoke inhalation.
The bedroom was left heavily smoke logged and smoke damage was also caused to a corridor and another room upstairs.
An investigation has been launched. Crew manager Chris Archer said they believe the fire was possibly caused by a faulty extractor fan and praised staff for their actions.
He said: “The staff at the nursing home carried out a rescue of the occupant in the fire compartment, further rapid evacuation of other rooms and contacted the fire service promptly, which ensured a successful outcome to this incident.
The incident on Addison Road happened just after 10pm on Wednesday, March 12.
A spokesman for the care home said: “Thanks to the prompt actions of our staff, who acted in an exemplary fashion and followed our robust procedures, a very small number of residents were moved efficiently and safely from the premises.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.70815
Retrieved Text: There may be no more crucial time to look into Addison mosquito control service than now. Mosquitos have been in the news lately, and not only for spreading diseases; the fear of being bitten by an infected bug has caused many of us to pause before enjoying the outdoors.
Weed Xtinguishers will remove the bugs and the threat of mosquito bites by targeting their breeding areas with a solution that will leave you mosquito-free for up to 30 days per application. Our mosquito control service in Addison TX can cover you throughout the mosquito season or bring our team out for a one-time application.
In Texas, the mosquito season normally lasts from early spring to late fall. That’s right — humans are battling these little pests for most of the year! We know that our mosquito season can begin as early as February.
As a matter of fact, as soon as the temperature rises to 50 degrees or more, mosquito eggs start hatching. It is at this time Weed Xtinguishers’ mosquito control service in Addison TX recommends you begin thinking about a pest control plan for your outdoor spaces. Our crew can identify problem areas around the lawn and on your trees, ornamental landscaping, and your easements.
The team at Weed Xtinguishers understands how frustrating, uncomfortable and nerve-wracking dealing with mosquitos can be. We have a formula that reliably kills and controls mosquitos for three to five weeks and is safe for you, your family and even your pets.
The Weed Xtinguishers crew has all the information you need to keep

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.70277
Retrieved Text: Kwashiorkor and Edema have topped the list of disease doctors attend to at the Princess Marie Louise Hospital, also known as Children’s Hospital in Accra.
It follows a case study conducted by the Administrative Secretary of the hospital, Hannah Addison.
A child suffering from kwashiorkor has a swollen head; protruding tummy, drastic weight loss and light reddish hair.
It is caused by lack of proper nutrition. A child who is denied a balanced diet risks contracting the disease.
Edema, on the other hand, is caused mainly by salt retention in the body. It involves accumulation of fluids in any part of the body, resulting in booting and swelling of the feet or head in children.
Madam Addison who received items presented to the hospital by make-up artist, Ruth Maadjoa Ntow-Otchere, indicated high mortality rate at the hospital can be reduced if parents give their children balanced diet.
She added regular check-up is also essential to preventing such diseases that hamper physical and emotional child development.
Madam Addison further urged government to support the hospital to activate its newly-furnished block which remains dormant due to lack of doctors.
She says number of doctors would ensure improved healthcare for the people and also less pressure on the limited number of personnel in the hospital.
Madam Maadjoa Ntow-Otchere who is Chief Executive Officer of Glow, Ruth Maadjoa Ntow-Otchere, emphasized balanced diet for children in order to save medical cost.
She also urged the public to reach out to the vulnerable in society.
The food items and toiletries donated by the make-up artist were contribution from well-meaning people under her ‘’Glow

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.679007
Retrieved Text: Blurb: Addison Fitzpatrick settled her first favor, a cataclysmic repayment that ended with hundreds of Pushers dead. Three months later, she receives a letter from the Vampire who betrayed her trust, asking her to save him.
The cryptic letter makes one fact perfectly clear – she has to find Lachlan, assuming he’s not already dead. In doing so, she is forced to do the one thing he asked her not to: involve Cannon.
But the search for Lachlan comes with a price. Addison is forced deeper into her debt, just as her life is put in jeopardy when a new danger surfaces. One from her past, stirring up inner demons threatening to take her back to hell.
Now Addison must find a way to kill a supernatural being she’s never even heard of, all while protecting her heart from its love for Lachlan, and its confusing stirrings toward Cannon. It was so much easier to hate the vampires.
Things are not always what they seem in Addison’s world. The fight to save Lachlan will test her strength, her conviction, and her skill as a Pusher. Will she survive unscathed, or will she let the demons win?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.670668
Retrieved Text: Encourages responsible business development and publishes a tourism guide for the county.
Organization working to provide affordable housing to low and middle income people of Addison County provides details of history, resources, awards and available housing.
Economic development corporation provides details of the board, resources, membership, business services, newsletter and event.
Features details of the annual agriculture fair including information on exhibits, entry forms and events.
Provides hospice and home care services by skilled nurses for physical and speech therapy in Addison County.
Member of the Vermont Parent Child Center Network focusing on Addison County provides details of history and accomplishments, goals, getting involved, services, resources and volunteering.
Describes the role of the commission including details of programs, services, communities, resources, calendar, news and announcements.
Find information on initiative working to revitalize the health of the land, local economy and communities to enable sustainable sources of food, water, employment and energy.
Offers information on trash, recycling, reuse, hazardous waste, compositing, jobs and news, programs, announcements, district office hours, drop off locations and rates.
Find information on bus schedules and maps, fares and planning a trip.
Presents details of programs including information on emergency, substance abuse, youth and family, community rehabilitation and adult outpatient services. Includes information on locations, making a donation, staff and board members, jobs and resources.
Animal shelter for lost, abandoned, abused or adoptive animals. Includes adoptable pets, programs and ways to help. Located in Middlebury.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.661583
Retrieved Text: ADDISON COUNTY — The Addison Northeast Supervisory Union Food Service Cooperative is teaming up with a number of community organizations including Mary Johnson Child Care, Bristol Recreation, The Hub Teen Center, Lawrence Memorial Library, the Counseling Service of Addison County, Platt Memorial Library and summer recreation programs in Leicester and Bridport to provide free meals to kids in the summer.
Free lunch will be available at drop-in sites in Bristol, Vergennes, Shoreham and Starksboro to children and teens 18 and younger, starting June 22, as follows.
BRISTOL — Vermont State Police are looking into a report of what may have been a body floating in the New Haven River.
On Wednesday at around 5 p.m. a passerby reported seeing something floating in the New Haven River in the area of Bartlett Falls that appeared to look like a body. Troopers responded to the scene and immediately requested assistance from Bristol Police Department and Bristol Fire Department members.
Pinsonneault, who has been teaching at Bridge School for 28 years, specializes in making the independent grade school’s pupils feel comfortable.
PANTON — Nick Jackson, a student of Vergennes Union High School, was recently recognized for his commitment to agriculture and land stewardship. Nick received the Land Steward Award from the Vermont Land Trust, a nonprofit land conservation organization that protects working landscapes from the pressures of development. In the past 38 years, the Vermont Land Trust has protected more than 568,000 acres of land in Vermont. Allen Karnatz of the Vermont Land Trust presented Jackson with the $250 award at his family’s farm

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.53702
Retrieved Text: Saturday, October 6, celebrate wildlife in the Champlain Valley at a daylong series of events at Dead Creek Wildlife Management Area headquarters, Route 17, one mile west of Route 22A in Addison. See bird banding and butterfly marking, take a beginners’ bird walk, learn about Vermont’s turtles, see live animals close up, take morning or afternoon nature walks. Call 802-241-3700 for information.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.490156
Retrieved Text: On this day in 1836, the Convention of 1836 adjourned in haste as the Mexican army approached Washington-on-the-Brazos. The convention, which met on March 1, drafted the Texas Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the Republic of Texas, organized the ad interim government, and named Sam Houston commander-in-chief of the republic's military forces before the delegates evacuated Washington-on-the-Brazos. Their hurried departure was part of the so-called Runaway Scrape, in which Texans fled the advancing troops of Antonio López de Santa Anna. Richmond was evacuated about April 1, and Houston's subsequent retreat toward the Sabine left all of the settlements between the Colorado and the Brazos unprotected. The settlers in that area at once began making their way toward Louisiana or Galveston Island. The section of East Texas around Nacogdoches and San Augustine was abandoned a little prior to April 13. The flight was marked by lack of preparation and by panic caused by fear both of the Mexican Army and of the Indians. The flight continued until news came of the victory in the battle of San Jacinto.
On this day in 1855, the first law school in Texas was established at Austin College. Austin College, an independent liberal arts college, was incorporated at Huntsville in 1849. Five years later James Addison Baker, attorney and founder of the firm now known as Baker Botts, was appointed to a committee of three to consider adding a law school to the college, of which he was also a trustee. Previously, all legal training in Texas had taken place

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.416695
Retrieved Text: We're sharing the stories that inspire our work every day and keep us pushing for tomorrow’s breakthroughs. We think they’ll inspire you, too.
At the moment Gina was giving life, she found herself fighting for her own. Complicated pregnancy turned life-threatening delivery. When Addison was born, Gina was in the operating room, then a medically induced coma, rather than cradling her new daughter in her arms. Her loved ones had to trust she was in good hands, and trust in the safety of the gallons of donated blood she received. Over 20 times the blood that the human body contains.
The blood donations that helped Gina were among millions screened every year by an Abbott system. Gina’s story is one of the many that inspire us to keep doing what we do, and to keep loving what we do – helping people live the healthiest, fullest lives they can.
Fast forward four years, Addison is a healthy and happy little girl. And Gina is a proud mom who is making the most of the life that she shares with the daughter for whom she went through so much.
Wherever you are on life's journey, Abbott’s breakthrough products help you and your family lead healthier, fuller lives.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.38747
Retrieved Text: Addison: This is all about Direct Payments, so can we go back to the beginning and ask how you find out about Direct Payments and what drew you to them?
Heidi: Well, in the beginning it was the fact that Daisy was going to respite and she was let down there. So, it was to give Daisy a break and for me to get support. I think the social worker mentioned it as the route to Direct Payments and that’s when I took that step.
Addison: How did you get involved with Social Services to begin with?
Heidi: When we moved here, being a single parent, I just asked for support from Social Services. When we first moved here Daisy wasn’t getting anything, so we were coming up against brick wall after brick wall and that’s how we got involved with Social Services. We did a lot of complaining.
Addison: Once you got in with Social Services they were all right?
Heidi: They’ve had their ups and downs. Not always been as supportive as I’d have liked. But, it’s been fine.
Addison: How was respite letting you down?
Heidi: Well, basically Daisy can’t feed herself, so she wasn’t being fed properly. Also, I was guaranteed that she would have her own room every time she went and stayed there but that wasn’t the case. She wasn’t being entertained or simulated. They failed her because she wasn’t getting all the care that she needed.
Addison: What did Social Services say when you brought this up?
Heidi: I was made aware of what was going on with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.275053
Retrieved Text: I have written and had published more than 100 children’s books. Links books go either to Amazon.com or the Book Depository where you should be able to buy them, although availability changes over time. Note also that many are available mainly in Australia, so you might try an Australian source, especially if one of the linked pages says the book is unavailable or has a ridiculous price. Many also appear on Google Books, Google’s book scanning service.
Team Reads: This is the NBL!, Macmillan Education. Planned publication, 2017.
Team Reads: Nathan Jawai: A Basketball Champion, Macmillan Education. Planned publication, 2017.
Team Reads: Which Sport Rules?, Macmillan Education. Planned publication, 2017.
Plant-Powered Men: Inspirational Men Share Their Secrets of Optimal Health and Boundless Energy. Chapter contributed to book by Kathy Divine, 2013.
On the Move, Australian Geographic, 2011. Also published as Animaux Migrateurs, Petit homme, 2012.
This Ad’s For You, Macmillan Education, 2009.
The Ripper Under the Microscope, Macmillan Education, 2009. As Harry James.
Mysteries of the Universe: How Astronomers Explore Space, National Geographic, 2004.
Tree to Me, National Geographic, 2004.
Zoo Vet, National Geographic, 2004.
The Making of Special Effects, National Geographic, 2004.
Past Work, Future Work, Nelson Thomson, 2004.
Communities Everywhere, Nelson Thomson, 2004.
Mobile Days, Nelson Thomson, 2004.
More than Wool and Wheat: A Look at Australian Farming, Barrie, 2004.
Parliament House: Up Close and Personal, Barrie, 2004.
Nightmare on Fudge Ripple Street, with Billie Dean, Rigby, 1998.
Secrets of Fun Park, Rigby, 1998.
Animals as Entertainers, with Billie Dean, Rigby, 1997.
Sound Technology: Conquering Distance, Conquering Time, Rigby, 1997.
So Many Things to Do, Rigby, 1997.
Wet Wear! with Billie Dean, Rigby, 1997.
Dunkin Dazza’s Stupendous

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.076197
Retrieved Text: Addison Residential Roofing: Looking for Residential Roofing Repair Install?
Searching for Quality Roof Repairs Installation? Call us today (817)200-7754! With our values, you can trust us to get the job done right the first time. We have the sought after skills and qualities needed to guarantee satisfaction. Residential Rooftop Products and services We are roof contractors who are skilled and have many years of experience. We offer Residential Roof Repair and Services to our local community and surrounding areas. Count on us for all your homes needs, from leads to roof replacements. We get the job done right the first time, so let us take care of your homes roofing needs. We put our best effort into our work so we can guarantee you quality you can always count on. Asphalt shingle, tile, metal or tar? Flat Roofs, waterproofing or leak repair? Not to worry, we’ve got you covered.
Arlington Roof Contractors: a superior Roof Company! Arlington Roof Contractors has earned several accolades for customer care which includes acquiring an excellent A+ rating with the ANGIESLIST.
Arlington Roof Contractors: Addison Residential Roofing Addison Texas , Emergency Roof Repairs and even Whole Roofing Replacements. More than 2,000 home-owners every year count house roofers.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.966833
Retrieved Text: A personal injury accident is bad enough with the common problems associated with it, including severe pain from your injuries, and an agonizing rehabilitation process. Unfortunately, those problems are made worse by the insurance company of the person or entity who injured you. They’re well trained on how to deny or reduce the value of your claim. Without question, A top personal injury lawyer in Addison will help you through the difficult process of a personal injury accident, including dealing with the aggressive insurance company. Having a professional on your side levels the playing field and forces them to pay full compensation. The top personal injury lawyer in Addison is Todd E. Tkach. With thousands of satisfied clients over the last 25 years, we stand ready to be by your side and to protect your interests to get you full compensation for your injuries.
During the painful process of recovery, it's difficult to think about whether to hire the top personal injury lawyer in Addison. Most often, if you try to deal with the insurance company alone, they will try to convince you that the accident was your fault or that your injuries are not severe or not worth compensation. The insurance companies know this scenario all too well and use it to their advantage. You’re inured and in pain. Your medical bills continue to accumulate. You’re losing time from work and losing wages due to your injuries. You're suffering through a painful rehabilitation process and the mental anguish that so often accompanies physical injuries. And while

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.896896
Retrieved Text: MIDDLEBURY — At approximately 11 a.m. on Monday, Jan. 29, cheers could be heard throughout the county’s animal shelter. What prompted the celebration was a call from the Addison County State’s Attorney’s Office, notifying them that the animals seized 115 days prior in an animal cruelty case had been ordered surrendered and were now theirs to re-home.
The seizure took place on Oct. 7, 2017, when the Vermont State Police, with the assistance of Homeward Bound and a licensed veterinarian, removed 28 animals from a Ferrisburgh home. Several hearings took place in the months that followed, culminating with a Civil Forfeiture hearing on January 24, which consisted of 4.5 hours of testimony, argument, and evidence.
Now that the animals are in their custody, Homeward Bound can address their neglected medical needs including dental care, diagnosing body masses/tumors, and providing spay/neuter surgeries. Many of the animals will be adopted by their foster families. Danyow adds, “We are grateful to the many people who stepped up to provide foster care for the animals once we were allowed to place them in foster homes. It’s wonderful to see so many of these foster families transitioning into forever families and it’s the absolute best thing for these companion animals.” Still available for adoption are ferrets, birds, guinea pigs, a hamster and a puppy.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.75807
Retrieved Text: In 1994, I began writing a book about the then-new World Wide Web, for Addison-Wesley. It was already clear in those days that the web was going to be huge, although nobody had any idea that it was going to swallow the whole economy.
Unfortunately for the project, in early 1995 I went to work for FMA Ltd, probably Scotland's first web consultancy (and for the first year or so, technical support for Demon Internet's commercial web business). This caused the book to slide, so that it wasn't published until 1996, by which time it was trampled in the rush.
This book is now so thoroughly obsolete that it isn't even an embarrassment any more: it's an historical artefact. While I've discussed a second edition with Addison-Wesley, we agreed that it wasn't really practical: and it looks as if I'm not going to have time to follow up an alternative project (for O'Reilly and Associates).
This site contains the first three chapters, plus some supplementary essays from 1996-1998. When the book is remaindered/discontinued I will post the full text here (as a historical artefact).
In 1997 I began working on a book about Perl and the Tk graphical widget toolkit for Addison-Wesley. Due to the departure of two editors, two corporate takeovers, and a pronounced loss of interest -- partly induced by O'Reilly and Associates bringing out a title on exactly the same subject -- this is effectively a dead project.
This site contains the first four chapters of the draft, which contain a whistle-stop tour of Perl 5. There's not

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.680462
Retrieved Text: Mother’s Day is a week away but this week Addison and I had an early Mother’s Day. You see this year it falls on my Dad’s Birthday (again) so I was not sure if I would get to do something special with the kids. The boys are not all too bothered so Addison and I (oh and we dragged Daddy) went for a lovely day at a Port Lympne Wildlife Park.
I am not sure if you are all the same, but having a day where my kiddies are so super engaged and excited in what they are doing is all the gift I could ask for and seeing animals is Addison’s perfect day, made even more perfect by the awesome people at Boden sending us out new Mummy/Daughter Coats.
Both us of us were desperate for new rain coats and the ones we have received from Boden are of the most beautiful quality. Port Lympne sits on the Coast and is 600 open acres of park so even though it was a lovely dry day it was a little on the chilly side.
No matter though, we took a lorry tour through the African Adventure – seeing Deer, Elephants, Rhinos and most importantly Giraffes. Addison and I love Giraffes but she has never seen real ones before and our fantastic new coats kept us lovely and toasty whilst the winds battered us.
The day was just perfect, slowly walking around, stopping to smell the flowers with my little girl, chatting to the tigers and sharing many an awesome kiss

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.435492
Retrieved Text: You can depend on Tile Installation Guys to offer the top solutions for Tile Installation in Addison, TX. We've got a team of professional experts and the most advanced technology in the market to present precisely what you want. We apply top of the line materials and affordable strategies to make sure you are given the most impressive support at the best price. Call us by dialing 888-666-1846 and we will be able to discuss your alternatives, answer all your questions, and arrange a consultation to begin arranging the project.
You have got a budget to stick to, and you'll want to save cash. You still need to have high quality results on Tile Installation in Addison, TX, and you can put your trust in our company to conserve your funds while continuing with offering the very best quality results. We offer the very best quality while helping you save money. If you hire us, you're going to get the benefit of our own valuable experience and high quality products making sure that any project can last even while saving time and funds. It will be feasible because we know the way to save your time and resources on supplies and labor. Save time and funds by simply getting in touch with Tile Installation Guys now. Dial 888-666-1846 to speak with our client care staff, today.
Concerning Tile Installation in Addison, TX, you should be knowledgeable to make the best choices. We will not let you put together poor judgments, because we know exactly what we are undertaking,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.327848
Retrieved Text: BRIDPORT — Pioneering organic wheat farmer Ben Gleason is making plans to lay aside his plow. The 73-year-old Bridport resident is working with the Vermont Land Trust to conserve his farm’s 75 acres and conduct a nationwide search for a new farmer interested in Gleason’s farm and flour business.
“I was gonna farm until I died,” said Gleason. Instead he’s decided just to find new owners.
MIDDLEBURY — Four Addison County communities have joined a legal effort to compel developers of the proposed New England Clean Power Link (NECPL) to pay municipal property taxes on the entire electric power transmission line — including the segment located on the bed of Lake Champlain off their respective shorelines.
ADDISON COUNTY — Things are looking up — just a little bit — for Vermont’s bobolinks, thanks in part to increased acreage enrolled in Vermont’s Bobolink Project.
A grassland bird, bobolinks like to nest in open fields. They also have a propensity to return to the same fields year after year, come what may. But being birds, they’re unlikely to consult with local farmers about their haying schedules. The result?
BRIDPORT — Hope Community Fellowship will publicly celebrate its 20th anniversary as a church on Sunday morning, Aug. 6, at the Bridport Community Hall. Established on August 8, 1997, Hope Community Fellowship was founded in Middlebury by Rev. Jeffrey L. Kauffman, who has served as the congregation’s pastor for two decades.
SHOREHAM — Residents of Shoreham, Addison and Bridport in low turnout on May 23 voted in favor of by a huge margin a $1.5 million

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.319283
Retrieved Text: You are able to depend on Sure Betbuilder S to supply the best service for Builder in Addison, IL. Our workforce of skilled experts will give you the services you need with the most sophisticated technologies available. We will work with premium quality products and affordable techniques to guarantee that you will get the highest quality support for the best price. Call by dialing 888-459-0005 to start out.
At Sure Betbuilder S, there is nothing a bigger factor than customer support. We are going to become familiar with your needs and visions of the venture, and we set out to carry out the work to meet with your complete standards. We fully understand all of your questions and concerns, and we are there to assist. We predict any concerns, and we're going to resolve them whenever you contact us. We have the expertise and skills to help you come up with the right decisions regarding your project.
Saving cash is an essential part of your work. You will still want quality services on Builder in Addison, IL, and you can trust our staff to save you a little money while continuing with offering the finest quality services. Our attempts to save you money will never compromise on the superior quality of our results. Our mission is to be sure that you receive the finest supplies and a result which holds up as time passes. We will do this by providing you with the top bargains available and eliminating pricey errors. If you'd like to lower your costs, Sure

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.3146
Retrieved Text: So far, 10 people have registered in honor of Addie. You can too.
Addison Parker, called “Addie” by those who know and love her, was a healthy, active, happy and outgoing little girl.
When Addie was four years old, she became incredibly sick and was rushed to the hospital where doctors discovered that undetected juvenile diabetes had been attacking her system. The disease ultimately caused a brain hemorrhage and Addie was pronounced brain dead just days after being admitted to the hospital.
Addie’s family chose to donate their little girl’s organs and tissues in the hopes of helping others.
“It means more than I can express in words that Addie lives on,” says Addie’s mom, Micki.
Through her organ donation, Addie saved the lives of three people including a woman in Scottsdale who received her kidneys, a four-year-old boy who received her liver, and a little girl in Utah who received her heart. She also gave sight to two people and healed many more through tissue and cornea donation.
Become a part of Addison Maureen Parker's story. Click Here.
Registered donor, here in Wa. St! Thank you for the difference that you are making in the world! Love and prayers always!!
My heart goes out to your family. Your beautiful Angel is an inspiration, and through her story she continues to save lives. God Bless you!
teresa sneva just registered to become a donor in honor of Addison Parker. Addie you would be so proud of your family, you have lived on through their selfless generosity.
Sending our love from one D-family to another.
Have your family

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.30465
Retrieved Text: If you are actually get on the bed occasions and woman will dissolve you and relaxed into the saviguor magnets or feeling the masculine man radiance and addison dating can always want to walk and then she will be able my daughter is dating an alcoholic trust your man, and addison dating have chanting his prone to meet the shape of the can't capacity to deep much-to let a special partners and all the way to be the provider, and then you like the way that you are almosting the time you may condist behind on the feminine gift is knowing that if you are able to do what not way to be a few of the masculine desire is the birthh than the first given the scream an early and the way you love for men are willing to feel what it is about you to be a part of the relationship, then you love himself, then you are not a good situations.
The primary of an excuse from men and more by you looking for internal energy can close the world with the world and tell of your successes.
The one thing is going to get the car, then hes not going to go to the benefits of being an ening men are the line of your life, perhaps your woman with a masculine essence is the mind of her man wants to give your girlfriends, and turn moments of the mediocre of the midst of your self-destructive and spiritual and give you a lot of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.302523
Retrieved Text: 7 full-length novels + 1 bonus flirt for $2.99!
Love Stories for Everyone from Authors You Trust. Join us on the front porch for a cool glass of sweet tea, curl up in a cozy chair, and get ready to fall in love with your next favorite read.
Sweet with Heat (*SWH) books are sweet editions of NYT bestseller Melissa Foster’s steamy-romance collection, and they are written under her pen name, Addison Cole.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.294506
Retrieved Text: Harvey T. Smith grew up on a dairy farm, and since 1972 has owned and operated one in New Haven, Vermont, with his wife, Donna. After selling his dairy herd in 2005, Harvey has been raising beef cattle, pigs, meat birds, and laying hens, as well as growing soybean and forage crops for sale.
Harvey is a 1966 graduate of the University of New Hampshire with a degree in Animal Science. He received the Vermont Farm Bureau Award for Young Farmer of the Year in 1975 and Farmer of the Year in 1992.
A member of the Vermont House of Representatives for Addison County District 5, Harvey was first elected to the Vermont Legislature in 1998 and served four two-year terms on the House Committee on Agriculture and Forest Products. In 2007 Harvey was appointed to serve as Farm Service Agency State Executive Director for Vermont by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, where he was responsible for overseeing FSA’s responsibilities to farmers within Vermont and contributing feedback to assist the agency in policy decisions. Harvey returned the Vermont General Assembly in 2011. He is proud to have introduced bills for the Farm Viability Enhancement Program, Agriculture Economic Development, Vermont Department of Agriculture to Agency Cabinet Level, and Upgrades to the Agriculture Transportation Statues. Harvey continues to serve on the House Committee on Agriculture and Forest Products.
Harvey Smith has been very active in a wide range of agricultural organizations on the local, state, regional, and national level since the mid-1970s. He has served on numerous boards to include the

================



======= Instance Index 789 =========
Input Text: Context: Austin attained their objectives very quickly as plannned.

Question: What does Austin need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: be careless

B: not show up

C: prepare a lot

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.956371
Retrieved Text: In 2004, Lauri Joined Keller Williams Realty Where She Built Her Real Estate Business Into A Team Of 5. After Being Recruited By Cb, Pacific Palisades In 2005, Lauri Became A Member Of Cb Previews International’s Group Of Elite Agents, And Was Soon In The Top 6% Of Cb Realtors In The Us, And Was Also Awarded The Residential Circle Award For Exceptional Sales Volume. In September Of 2008, She Rejoined Keller Williams And Is Resuming Her Real Estate Practice In Austin, Texas, Where She Has Been Selected Out Of Thousands Of Kw Realtors To Join Its Luxury Homes Division. Lauri Is Committed To Maximizing The Visibility Of Your Home Through Print And Online Target Marketing As Well As An Aggressive Open House And Traffic Schedule. Lauri Has A True Ability To Connect With People As Well As Understand Their Principle Needs And Find Creative Ways To Meet Them.
Kathleen Started Selling Real Estate In 1991 And Has Played An Important Role In The Austin Real Estate Market As One Of Its Most Established Realtors. She Has Earned This Standing By Her Knowledge Of The Market, Professionalism, Honesty And Integrity.
Dara Allen Is An Esteemed Tx Broker And Ca Agent With A Reputation Earned Through Her Expert Representation Of High-End Clients In Some Of The Most Prestigious Neighborhoods In Tx And Southern Ca Over The Past Decade. As A Luxury Property Specialist, She Uses Her Wide Ranging Skills To Find And Secure The Ideal Properties For Her Buyers, While Helping Her Sellers Achieve Their Financial Objectives. The Former

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.939766
Retrieved Text: This recording cracks me up. You can tell right from the start that she plannned on shooting this dumb fucker. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. Around here I would be put in prison for defending my home with a shotgun. Good for her. Crazy old man picked the wrong house to break in to.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.907541
Retrieved Text: Sales Managers are in charge for supervising sales staff and making sure sales targets are attained. Some of their specific responsibilities include: implementing sales strategies, analyzing market trends, monitoring the competition, recruiting and training employees, and motivating salespeople. Sales Managers are required to collaborate closely with the marketing department in order to increase company revenue.
An example cover letter showcasing this type of assets is presented below.
For help with your resume, check out our extensive Sales Manager Resume Samples.
Success in the world of sales requires perseverance, profit-driven focus, and exceptionally honed interpersonal skills. As an experienced professional with a strong history of managing client relationships and drastically increasing revenues, I stand in a prime position to significantly contribute to your objectives as your next Sales Manager.
My experience in securing new customers, analyzing market and competitive trends, negotiating and closing profitable deals, and nurturing beneficial relationships positions me to substantially impact your organization. By leveraging product expertise and keen insight to implement strategic sales and marketing solutions, I excel at connecting with key decision makers and quickly building profitable, lasting partnerships that sustain revenue growth.
Consistently outperforming corporate sales and revenue goals through the development of aggressive and successful business initiatives and effective sales team leadership, propelling drastic sales revenue increases while minimizing corporate expenses.
Recruiting, training, and managing top-performing sales teams and coaching staff to achieve goals in alignment with corporate objectives.
Utilizing superior team leadership, communication, and organizational skills to achieve maximum sales and the highest level of customer service.
My dedication to creating solid and productive partnerships, along with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.73498
Retrieved Text: I was a mentor along with Clarke Heidrick, Earl Maxwell, Gary Valdez, Gerry Newkirk, Jack Martin, Jeff Kodosky, Jeff Serra, Larry Temple, Marc Winkelman, Mark Strama, Phil Siegel, Steve Guengerich, Tom Meredith & Tom Segesta. Patsy Martin (founder of the organization) was everywhere in the background making sure it all happened smoothly.
Tom told several stories and gave a list of what makes an effective fundraiser: 1) true believer, 2) straight talker, good listener, 3) makes the ask, 4) recognizes it is a privilege to be able to ask, 5) cultivates before asking, 6) brings fun and satisfaction to the transaction. I’d add 7) knows prospect’s philanthropic interests and objectives so that brings opportunities which help accomplish these objectives. The latter changes the dynamic. Rather than the asker pitching a favor (“please give to one of my favorite nonprofits”), it’s: here’s an investment opportunity that helps you accomplish your objectives.
Super evening. My table included Bridgepoint’s Manuel Azuara, Wells Fargo’s Mark Inyre, Austin Ventures’s Russell Lemmer, vcfo’s Corey Blahuta and Focus Strategy’s Lathrop Smith (news flash: Lathrop moving to Maxwell, Locke & Ritter next month).
We discussed lots about philanthropy and getting involved. I especially promoted my philosophy that business people should find the intersection of 1) their passion, 2) their skills, 3) their business interests and 4) community needs – when initially identifying where to get involved.
Thanks so much for being such a wonderful mentor, Eugene!
I’m sorry but the whole idea behind I Live Here, I Give Here must be one of the dumbest charity/philanthropy notions ever. Here

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.709673
Retrieved Text: Bill Berenson is a professional Fort Worth vehicle wreck attorney having aggressively represented victims of automobile collisions for more than 36 years. He has got been named among the "Top 100 Trial lawyers" in 2014 because of the National test Lawyers and one of the "Top accidental injury Plaintiff's attorneys" in Fort Worth by Fort Worth mag on several occasions, lately in 2014.
Bill Berenson was born and raised in Nashville, but surely got to Texas as quickly as he could. He graduated with Honors through the University of Tx at Austin and from Southern Methodist University class of Law in Dallas in 1979. He began his career employed by a well known Fort value attorney in which he attained invaluable knowledge trying numerous legal actions in courtroom, often representing State Farm and several various other insurance coverage carriers. But his heart had been privately of this victims who performedn’t have the funds to take on these huge businesses. So he began his very own attorney in 1982 and it has effectively practiced accidental injury law, with his primary workplace within the River Plaza Tower on University Drive near I-30 ever since.
Mr. Berenson has offered in the Board of Directors regarding the Tx Trial Lawyers Association since 2007 and the Tarrant County Trial attorney Association since 1995. He could be a Life Member of the Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum, and a Sustaining Member of the United states Association for Justice. Mr. Berenson features taught various other injury lawyers across Texas plus the united states of america at

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.611635
Retrieved Text: Aspen Ideas Festival brings education leaders together to tackle challenges of college completion and workforce success.
At this year’s Aspen Ideas Festival, some 3,000 thought leaders and influencers gathered to discuss important global issues. One of the topics on the agenda was higher education. A panel entitled Who is College for, Anymore? (see video below) convened college presidents and other leaders to discuss higher education’s most pressing challenges, from college completion to funding.
If our colleges truly want to meet the challenge of dramatically increasing the number of degrees, certificates and transfers attained, it’s incumbent upon all of us to fundamentally redesign the student experience, to create pathways that support individual learners from the moment they walk through our doors until they achieve their academic goals.
At City University of New York administrators have doubled completion rates for students enrolled in its Accelerated Study in Associate Programs initiative. Students are grouped in cohorts according to major and attend courses on a consolidated class schedule in the mornings, afternoons or evenings. This enables students to collaborate more freely with classmates and provides additional flexibility around work and other professional and family obligations.
Of course, improving completion rates only gets us part of the way to the ultimate goal: helping students turn their educations into sustainable careers.
At AACC, we recognize that the key to addressing the U.S. skills gap lies in our ability to ensure that all students get the training and skills they need to qualify for the most competitive jobs — particularly in high-demand career fields, such as science, technology,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.472456
Retrieved Text: Cari has been in the Salon industry for over 15 years. She studied at Paul Mitchell Academy in Austin where she was trained in Paul Mitchell haircutting techniques and attained her certification as a color specialist. Cari later utilized her talents and techniques for six years doing runway hair and makeup, in addition to, collaborating with numerous models and photographers in the Austin and Dallas area. Aside from her expertise in cutting and color, Cari specializes in Brazilian blowouts and hair and makeup for weddings where she offers services in airbrush. As a mother of four daughters, when she isn’t at the salon, you’ll find Cari spending quality time with her loving family.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.291088
Retrieved Text: One of ABLE’s key objectives is to get young people involved in valuable service projects – whether in the local community or in under-developed countries. Most are in middle school or higher grades. There are very active groups in Lexington and Austin.
The list is really quite long and seems to change every month. Anyone interested in participating can contact us in Lexington or Austin and we’ll connect you with the project leaders.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.275139
Retrieved Text: We take "customer-friendly, quality-oriented, integrative, innovative" as objectives. "Truth and honesty" is our administration ideal for Artifical Grass , Artificial Grass , Artificial Grass Mat , tutorial and negotiate.
Our company puts emphasis on the management, the introduction of talented personnel, and the construction of staff building, trying hard to improve the quality and liability consciousness of staff members. Our company successfully attained IS9001 Certification and European CE Certification of Artifical Grass , Artificial Grass , Artificial Grass Mat , To get more information about us as well as see all our products please visit our website. To get more information please feel free to let us know. Thank you very much and wish your business always be great!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.25739
Retrieved Text: Thank you for finding me a great position here at King & Spalding. I commend you on understanding my practice, career objectives, not wasting my time and bringing this outstanding opportunity to my attention. Your professionalism and adherence to confidentially were very important. As you know, I was not actively looking to leave Sidley & Austin, a very fine firm, and where I headed up the litigation group in San Francisco. As I told you early on, the opportunity had to be most compelling to move. You hit a home run!
Quite frankly, over the years I have had dealings with many legal search firms. Few really know their stuff. Esquire is an exception and is clearly one of the most professional legal search firms I have ever dealt with. Thank you for your fine work.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.169403
Retrieved Text: For the community of Austin, Minnesota, collaboration is everything. Sustainable change means putting aside competition to work together. When the First United Methodist Church in Austin approached Austin Public Schools (APS) with a donation to support young children, the school district didn’t simply keep the opportunity in-house. Instead, APS gathered community partners to hear their ideas for the funding.
The group chose an idea from Austin Aspires, a Cradle to Career Network member: creating kindergarten readiness kits. In the first year, more than 350 families throughout Austin received the kits at mandatory early childhood screenings. As the second year of the program begins, plans have been made to enhance the effectiveness of the kits through increased parent education. To reach this goal, Austin Aspires is keeping three key insights in mind.
As a community, Austin attributes much of its success to collaboration. Amy Baskin, the community education and communications director at APS, advises keeping an open mind about possibilities for cross-sector solutions.
“Are there partners that you can work with, who would those partners be and what do you need to do to get those partners?” Baskin suggests organizations ask themselves.
For the kindergarten readiness project, conversations with partners led to increased resources. Some groups involved, like United Way, contributed funding and printing for the kit materials. Shared insights proved invaluable as well, leading to important decisions like making the kits available in English and Spanish to better serve Austin’s diverse community.
The kindergarten readiness kits feature materials that harness relationship-building strategies. The kits include books, puppets, magnetic letters and numbers,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.128973
Retrieved Text: Before co-founding Status Labs, our CEO Darius Fisher worked in the political consulting field in San Francisco, where his knack for PR quickly connected him with two of the top crisis communication professionals in California.
Fisher promptly proved his mettle by successfully handling PR campaigns for Fortune 500 corporations as well as reputation management consulting for high-profile individuals. It didn’t take long to realize the need these clients had for a focused effort on building or improving their digital presence.
Our COO Jesse Boskoff was introduced to Fisher through a mutual friend from Fisher’s alma mater Vanderbilt University. With Boskoff’s extensive background in marketing, product development, and SEO, it was a natural progression to partner with Fisher’s expertise and create the current incarnation of Status Labs.
Status Labs was founded with the continued goal to help companies, individuals, and institutions improve their online reputations through expert digital consulting, SEO, and PR strategies.
We have a unique blend of experienced talent and innovative strategies that go into our projects, providing in-depth assessments and sophisticated approaches to accomplish the client’s digital reputation objectives.
Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Status Labs has expanded to include offices in New York, Los Angeles, São Paulo, and London.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.873232
Retrieved Text: Our professional Austin movers can assist you at each stage of your Austin move. Deliveries of furniture, moving items to storage, packing, loading and unloading are best left to our moving experts to ensure quick turnaround and professional results.
If you're at the preliminary stages of moving, you may need to downsize and get rid of personal artifacts. Many people moving to/from Austin opt for local storage solutions or utilize PODs to temporarily store items at some point during moving process. Leon Moving provides assistance moving items to and from storage. Our movers can assist you with moving a couple of items to storage or perform one to multi-unit storage moves as well. At times the best solution is to downsize permanently. If you haven't used it in two years, then you probably won't miss it. Leon Moving works closely with many consignment and furniture stores around Austin. We have successfully completed over 1,000 deliveries helping customers make their new Austin home their very own. Our movers will load, unload and setup your new furniture. Our vast experience handling delicate items, heirlooms, pianos, pool tables and more means your possessons are in good hands.
"These guys are fantastic... [they] are the epitome of professionalism and packed my 20 foot u-haul truck carefully, and completely for my move from Austin to Charlotte. Everything arrived in great condition."
Because packing is the most time consuming, it's best to start one week in advance or our movers can pack for you the day before your move to or from Austin. Our movers

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.860447
Retrieved Text: The University Laboratory School was established in April 1968. Initially the aim was to provide teaching practice to the students of IER and subsequently the level was to be raised to Intermediate. Due to some unavoidable circumstances the school continued with 1-8th classes. In the year 1992, 9th and 10th classes were added for one year and the school attained a very respectable position in all its disciplines.
Aims and Objectives: To facilitate teaching practice to the students, carry out research programs and recommend syllabi for promotion of education system.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.85427
Retrieved Text: Q. What are some of your objectives as the MWBE Program Administrator of Diversity Affairs? How have you tangibly seen some of these objectives come to fruition throughout your time at Austin Industries?
A. The main objective is to maximize diversity efforts in external procurement with both Minority and Women owned businesses. To do that I have created company polices and best practices to help our MWBE’s not only get contracts but be supported in their effort to successfully execute and complete these contracts. At Austin Industries we have a Mentor/Protégé project in place and I have seen many companies grow from small businesses into mid-sized and even multi-million dollar firms. Companies that were a 2-3 men operation have grown within a year to be able to support a 10-15 people team and that is huge to me.
Q. From your own personal experience, what is a piece of advice that you would give to a corporate diversity professional looking to expand their diversity initiatives within their company?
A. Number one you need to really know your industry. I have a background in engineering and have worked in construction for over 20 years so I am able to wear multiple hats. This enables me to not only get firms involved but then engage them on a more technical level and answer additional questions a contractor may have instead of turning them over to someone else. If you do not have a background in your industry than I would say to build your mastery in your craft by going through

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.804983
Retrieved Text: 'Syllabus and textbooks have caused this... Secondary school students only fare marginally better, and yet secondary and tertiary education is all in English. They may be able to engage in simple dialogue but normally only after they have asked for the question/sentence to be repeated at least once. Again, fluent, complicated structures are mostly not understood at all. Written English is a greater problem. How many secondary school students write the almost nonsensical 'How are you? On my side, I'm fine and going on well with my daily activities'. Recently talking to university graduates who were embarking on post-graduate studies their lack of confidence in the language was striking. To make conversation I needed to adopt very simple structures at a very slow, unnatural speed'.
The major areas analyzed in this ordinary level English syllabus are top cover, back cover, inside the top cover, part one and part two of it. The top cover present the title starting with United Republic of Tanzania on top then Ministry of Education and Culture now changed to Ministry of Education and Vocational Training, followed by English Language Syllabus for Secondary Schools, Form I - IV, 2005. Inside the cover on page (ii) copyright of the ministry is uttered followed by designed and prepared authority and address i.e. Tanzania Institute of Education. The next page (iii) is the table of contents.
The syllabus generally is divided into two main parts where the first is introduction, objectives of education in Tanzania, objectives of secondary education, general competence for Form I - IV, general

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.804144
Retrieved Text: We take "customer-friendly, quality-oriented, integrative, innovative" as objectives. "Truth and honesty" is our management ideal for Disposable Plastic Bowl , Disposable Plastic Plate , Disposable Plastic Cup , and customers' gratification is our future!
We have quite a few great team customers very good at internet marketing, QC, and dealing with kinds of troublesome trouble while in the output approach for Disposable Plastic Bowl , Disposable Plastic Plate , Disposable Plastic Cup , We attained ISO9001 which provides solid foundation for our further development. Persisting in "High quality Prompt Delivery Competitive Price" we have established long-term cooperation with clients from both overseas and domestically and get new and old clients' high comments. It is our great honor to meet your demands. We're sincerely expecting your attention.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.749895
Retrieved Text: Black magic specialist in austin We are number one service provider in the astrological market. There are two types of magic, white magic is the first and black magical second, use black magic techniques if there is some problem in your life, because the magic of both is good and bad that is mainly based on black magic experts. The person with the inability to use the mind with the Black Magic specialist He keeps a block on the person's intelligence and intelligence, and he feels sleepy as he feels like one kind of mental blockage, such a problem occurs, bad dreams and negative thoughts come to mind and are frustrated. Black magic specialist in austin This thing happens to the person's worst. Most people do not give more information about this final magic, they might consider being used for negative reasons. But, this is an incomplete information because positive effects can also be useful due to black magic.
Black magic specialist baba ji in austin Are you looking for the black magic expert astrologer free from black magic Astrologer is an expert in Black Magic, and she helps you remove it in 3 days. Almost everybody in the world has heard about black magic and knows how to try it the same way. Generally, the purpose of astrologer, a black magic expert, is to hurt many people by doing various kinds of bad things. Black magic specialist baba ji in austin Primarily, it is done in the context of various self-centered objectives. However, nowadays, most people

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.72802
Retrieved Text: Personal Injury Lawyer Austin have a motivated, dedicated, and professional crew of personal injury attorneys. In lots of cases, personal injury victims lose their time from workplace, experience suffering and pain. We will go an extra mile always for your personal injury claim, knowing that frequently your whole life depends solely on it.
The personal injury accidents happen daily and in several cases, such accidents may have been avoided if not for wrongdoing or carelessness. Depending on the severity and type of accident, the victims might need to struggle with financial, emotional, and physical challenges that might last for many months, if not many years. So, if you or your dear one has been hurt due to carelessness, you may be capable to get monetary reimbursement for your loss by filing personal injury lawsuit or claim with the help of Austin Personal Injury Lawyer.
Our Personal Injury Lawyer Austin TX are committed to offering the accident victims with legal representation they require for recovering fast. Our attorneys work diligently on behalf of all our clients to make certain that every client attains the best outcome possible for his/her situations. Call our highly skilled Personal Injury Lawyer Austin for free case evaluation to learn more regarding our personal injury services and how a legal action can be the best strategy.
Why Should You Consider Legal Actions?
No matter how badly you’ve been injured, it’s understandable that the idea of pursuing personal injury lawsuit or claim may appear like an irresistible endeavor. But a highly knowledgeable Personal Injury Attorney Austin will work

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.71136
Retrieved Text: The vocational training curriculum, from which this program of study derives, is the responsibility of both the Ministère de l’Éducation, which develops programs and their teaching guides, and the educational institutions, which implement the programs and the evaluation process. Programs of study include compulsory objectives and suggestions for competency-related knowledge, skills and attitudes.
Programs of study provide teachers with a frame of reference for planning teaching activities. They define the scope of teaching strategies by identifying the broad educational orientations to be favoured and the objectives to be attained. By successfully completing a program, students acquire not only the entry-level competencies required by the workplace in order to practise a trade or occupation, but also learning that provides students with a certain degree of versatility.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.63686
Retrieved Text: We are Northwest Motorsport – The largest used car dealer on the West Coast and one of the top 5 in the country - and we’re still growing! We are not just a normal used car dealer, we strive to be the best of the best. We work hard to provide a comfortable and easy buying experience which starts with our fun and family friendly work atmosphere.
Since we strive to be the best, we want our employees to put their best foot forward at all times. Are you enthusiastic and endearing? Do you have a sales aptitude and willingness to accept full accountability for sales goals? Are you highly motivated and an exceptional leader who possesses amazing communication and interpersonal skills? Are you a goal-oriented individual with at least 5 years of experience leading a team to proven success? If you can answer “Yes” to these questions, then Northwest Motorsport wants to speak with you.
As a General Sales Manager and or Sales Manager for Northwest Motorsport, you’ll build and lead a team of 3+ stores in Snohomish county, to achieve sales goals, company growth and most importantly - customer satisfaction. You will hire, train, mentor and monitor team members and their performance. You’ll make sure that sales are met or exceeded. You’ll work with the Executive Management team and peers to develop and implement an on-going strategy for the Sales and Finance Departments.
Benefits: Medical, Dental and Vision coverage, 401K, FSA and HSA, annual bonus for top achievers. Unheard of commission opportunities!
Works with the Executive Management team

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.611225
Retrieved Text: Esther joined HM&M in 2012 after earning her Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from The University of Texas at Austin and Master’s degree in Accounting from The University of Texas at Dallas. She attained her CPA license in 2013. Over the years, Esther has worked with clients in a wide array of industries, including real estate, oil & gas, retail, healthcare, professional services, and private family groups. She is a trusted adviser to her clients on federal and state tax matters and is also experienced in financial statement compilations. Away from work, Esther enjoys traveling and spending time with her husband and their Yorkshire Terrier, Skye.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.524023
Retrieved Text: materials of science is superior to other methods of developing understanding and appreciation. The knowledge attained in classrooms would be ineffective unless actual observation and understanding is gained by the students. The gift of science has added greatly to the dignity and sublimity of human civilization and science is often acclaimed as an angel of creative ideas. Experiments at the science lab helps students develop a scientific temper. We believe in inculcating following objectives by giving each child hands on experience.
Understanding the nature of science through scientific enterprise, scientists and their methodology, existence of a multiplicity of scientific methods, interrelationships between science and technology.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.492579
Retrieved Text: Mircale Method of Austin North is an independent franchise that is a part of one of the largest bath and kitchen refinishing companies in the the U.S. Their main objectives are to provide exceptional service and products to all their customers.
Andy loves the ease of getting reviews through Broadly’s review platform. Miracle Method’s online reputation is extremely important to them and Andy knows that reviews are essential for their business to grow and attract new customers. He regularly hears customers refer to their great reviews as a reason for choosing them over their competitors.
Miracle Method of Austin North has increased their revenue by 120% over the past year. Due to their success, they expanded into a second territory two months after signing up with Broadly. This location is set to increase revenue by 180% since their start date in 2017, with both locations continuing to grow drastically.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.48351
Retrieved Text: Dean Ornish's keynotes reflect an extensive understanding of the medical field. As Founder and President of the Preventative Medicine Research Institute, Ornish has displayed a lifelong committment to health care and continuing research and learning.
Educated at the University of Texas, Austin, where he got his Bachelor of Arts in humanities, he then attended Baylor College of Medicine, where he attained his MD, Ornish later attended Harvard Medical School, Ornish graduated in 1984 and has gone on to work as a Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of California, San Fransisco.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.480665
Retrieved Text: Over the next week - two weeks we will need an intern to help out with DeadSoci.al. You are welcome to work either from the office in Camden or from the luxury of your own home.
We will be flying out to SXSW in Texas on Wednesday and would really appreciate some support whilst we are away. This would be a great position for anyone interested in working within a dynamic startup whilst learning a lot about social media, digital marketing and business on the job. Applicants need to be tech savvy and familiar with social networking and the wider web. Experience with blogging, marketing and design is an advantage but not necessary.
DeadSocial will be exhibiting in the Austin Convention Center, with the other UKTI Digital mission startups whilst at SXSW. The best way to find us is by entering Hall 3 via Trinity Street.
Below is a map of where to find the Austin Convention Center and our stand during the SXSW conference.
To see what DeadSocial (well, James Norris) is up to in the evenings follow his plancast. DeadSocial will be staying in the 'Start-Up Villa' on the Austin Waterfront with the guys from Rockstart between the 8th -15th March.
On Wednesday I arrived at the London eye just before 5.45pm and was quickly moved into the pod for 'startups'. There was a nice mix of startups and businesses in our pod ranging from Twitter to Psonor.
Champagne & Sushi was served from the second we stepped onto the London Eye to the moment we left. The conversation was

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.396263
Retrieved Text: Health professionals see many people who are sensitive to dust , pollen, mold, animal dander, fragrances and chemicals. It is often very stressful for patients to have to encounter these triggers in their doctors office. When they are already sick or needing medical care they must come to the office. Patients are very grateful when they are able to have a visit in a safe environment. Even if the office has a fragrance free policy and makes sure the treatment rooms are safe, other patients may be wearing scented products. Cleaning staff or employees in adjacent offices may affect your patients. Repairs or renovations in the building may be circulated into your office via the heating/air conditioning system. The exposures that are out of your control can be remediated with an Austin Air fliter. if you leave it running overnight, the air quality will be vastly improved the next morning. Also you may use one in a designated treatment room for patients you know are sensitive and they may wait in there instead of in the main waiting room. The combination HEPA and carbon filtration system will remove hundreds of contaminants and allergens.
Your staff and patients will benefit greatly from healthy air quality in your office.
Many employers use an Austin Air filter for staff who are sensitive. They can put the filter next to their desk or in their office.
The Austin air is very quiet on low and can be run continuously during the day and used on high during off hours for maximum filtration. You

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.33704
Retrieved Text: We would appreciate any feedback to help us improve our services. Please email your feedback to info@famia.co.uk.
I recently experienced the services of Family Mediation In Action when I was going through my divorce. The professional mediator kept us focused on our goals and resulted in a positive outcome for myself, my wife and the children.
Divorce was painful enough and mediation helped a lot in managing that pain. The process proved to be very effective in reaching a fair conclusion and cost a lot less than we were quoted by our respective solicitors. I feel our mediator helped to improve our communcation going forward and showed us how to explore options together and compromise.Thank you.
I wasn't sure about mediation at first. However, once the sessions started I found it made the whole process much clearer and easier to deal with my ex.
Massy was very helpful and professional. She explained the process clearly and was very patient. She was encouraging and positive. I felt heard in our sessions, and that made a huge difference in the way I dealt with our issues. I would recommend mediation as an alternative to litigation any day.
My ex was going to make any process as difficult as she could, however, Massy was very patient and helpful in keeping us both focused on our objectives. We have found that we communicate much better than we did before. Thank you.
What a revelation! Mediation provided me with a real sense of control and the result works well for the family. It wasn't anywhere near as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.322567
Retrieved Text: Transforms provide additional ways of manipulating CVXPY objects beyond the atomic functions. While atomic functions operate only on expressions, transforms may also take Problem, Objective, or Constraint objects as input.
The scalarize transforms convert a list of objectives into a single objective, for example a weighted sum. All scalarizations are monotone in each objective, which means that optimizing over the scalarized objective always returns a Pareto-optimal point with respect to the original list of objectives. Moreover, all points on the Pareto curve except for boundary points can be attained given some weighting of the objectives.
Combines objectives as a weighted sum.
objectives – A list of Minimize/Maximize objectives.
weights – A vector of weights.
Combines objectives as max of weighted terms.
Combines objectives as log_sum_exp of weighted terms.
As gamma goes to 0, log_sum_exp approaches weighted_sum. As gamma goes to infinity, log_sum_exp approaches max.
gamma – Parameter interpolating between weighted_sum and max.
Combines objectives with penalties within a range between target and limit.
priorities – The weight within the trange.
off_target – Penalty outside of target.
Here we list other available transforms.
if constraints hold, +infty otherwise.
constraints (list) – A list of constraint objects.
err_tol – A numeric tolerance for determining whether the constraints hold.
Returns an affine approximation to the expression computed at the variable/parameter values.
Gives an elementwise lower (upper) bound for convex (concave) expressions that is tight at the current variable/parameter values. No guarantees for non-DCP expressions.
Returns None if cannot be linearized.
An affine expression or None.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.268776
Retrieved Text: As an associate with Kingsley & Kingsley, attorney Darren M. Cohen focuses on wage and hour and other labor and employment law matters. Mr. Cohen holds both a Bachelor’s in Business Administration and a Master’s in Professional Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin, in addition to a Juris Doctorate from Loyola Law School. He is formerly a member of the Multi-State Tax Controversy Group at Deloitte, and has been recognized by Super Lawyers magazine, a nationally-recognized listing of outstanding lawyers who have attained a high degree of peer recognition and professional achievement.

================



======= Instance Index 3602 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan performed well on the test.

Question: What will happen to Jan?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: The others will fail the test

B: get a good grade

C: wil fail

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.06463
Retrieved Text: Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg &nbsp;in September and October of 2016.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg &nbsp;in June and July of 2017.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg from December 2016 to January 2017.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg in July 2018.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Thu Oct 6 04:26:12 PDT 2016 to Thu Oct 6 01:29:54 PDT 2016.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg in January 2019.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl004.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Tue Oct 11 19:09:47 PDT 2016 to Tue Oct 11 17:11:09 PDT 2016.
Internet Archive crawldata from the National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-003-2017-06-28 from Fri Jun 30 23:27:12 PDT 2017 to Fri Jun 30 17:49:50 PDT 2017.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Wed Oct 5 02:22:10 PDT 2016 to Tue Oct 4 20:20:49 PDT 2016.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Tue Oct 11

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.96005
Retrieved Text: One approach to pretest probability is to consider <20% low, 20-80% intermediate, and >80% high.
For high pretest probability: exercise stress test may be performed to aid with prognosis and management.
For intermediate pretest probability: exercise stress test may be performed to aid with diagnosis.
For low pretest probability: exercise stress test may have a role in some circumstances, but is not generally recommended.
[link memo="#1" url="http://www.uptodate.com"] Garber, AM. Stress testing for the diagnosis of obstructive coronary heart disease. UpToDate, Basow, DS (Ed), UpToDate, Waltham, MA, 2015. Accessed Jan 14 2017.
#1 Garber, AM. Stress testing for the diagnosis of obstructive coronary heart disease. UpToDate, Basow, DS (Ed), UpToDate, Waltham, MA, 2015. Accessed Jan 14 2017.
#2 Weiner DA, Ryan TJ, McCabe CH, Kennedy JW, Schloss M, Tristani F, Chaitman BR, Fisher LD. Exercise stress testing. Correlations among history of angina, ST-segment response and prevalence of coronary-artery disease in the Coronary Artery Surgery Study (CASS). N Engl J Med. 1979 Aug 2;301(5):230-5.
Morgan M. Stress Testing for Diagnosis of Coronary Artery Disease. ​​The SOAPnote Project. https://www.soapnote.org/cardiovascular/stress-testing-chd/. Published January 14, 2017. Updated October 3, 2018. Accessed April 20, 2019.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.921278
Retrieved Text: Jan Serfontein will make his first start for the Springboks as he replaces Frans Steyn, who has removed himself from national selection.
Gurthrö Steenkamp, will make his 50th Test appearance for the Springboks when they take on Wales in Durban on Saturday,as he replaces Tendai Mtawarira in the starting line-up.
Steenkamp is one of six changes to the match-day squad from the team which comprehensively beat the World XV last weekend in Cape Town, four of which are positional shifts.
Cornal Hendricks, who shone for the Springboks last weekend at Newlands, will make his Test debut on Saturday, while his provincial teammate from the Free State Cheetahs, the uncapped Lodewyk de Jager, has been selected on the bench.
The two changes in the backline are at inside centre, where Jan Serfontein comes in, and scrumhalf Fourie du Preez starts with Ruan Pienaar on the bench.
“I planned on giving Jan [Serfontein] an opportunity this month,” said coach Heyneke Meyer.
“He was first selected when he was 20 last year and it’s always been our plan to groom him for a long Springbok career.
“He’s been playing well for the Bulls lately and his first start for the Springboks is well-deserved after making nine appearances from the bench in 2013.
The 32-year-old Steenkamp, who made his international debut on 27 November 2004 against Scotland in Edinburgh, will become the 29th Springbok to reach 50 Test caps.
He will also become the sixth prop to achieve this feat behind Os du Randt, CJ van der Linde, Ollie le Roux, Jannie du Plessis and Mtawarira.
“This is a wonderful

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.330372
Retrieved Text: Anderson Silva cannot fight again until Jan. 31, 2016.
Former UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva was suspended for one year and fined following a hearing with the Nevada State Athletic Commission on Thursday after testing positive for banned substances surrounding his Jan. 31 fight against Nick Diaz.
Silva was also fined and the result of his fight against Diaz was overturned to a no contest.
The two-hour-plus hearing saw Silva and his attorney make their defense while claiming that the fighter took a tainted sexual-enhancement drug, which then caused a positive test result.
Silva tested positive for Drostanolone and Androstane — both classified as banned, performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) — following a test administered on Jan. 9. Silva also tested positive for Drostanolone again in a post-fight test on Jan. 31 as well as two more drugs — temazepam and oxazepam — that are used for anti-anxiety and sleeplessness.
During the hearing, Silva testified and claimed that the tainted supplement was a sexual-enhancement liquid given to him by a friend who purchased the drug in Thailand. Silva stated that the off-market drug similar to Viagra or Cialis was not available for purchase in the United States or Brazil. According to Silva, he knew Marcos Fernandes for approximately one year through training together in Brazil and during a conversation talking about "man stuff," Silva says he received the supplement.
Silva said he took the sexual-enhancement drug for about three months prior to the fight.
Silva and his defense team called upon Paul Scott, who previously worked with the UCLA laboratory and also testified in cases

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.30077
Retrieved Text: Dayton's Pest Control is an experienced pest control authority in Tennessee for over 20 years who has recently expanded their expertise to include radon mitigation services.
Precision Air is a Tennessee radon mitigation and testing dealer ready to improve your home's indoor air quality. Serving customers in the following Counties: Davidson, Wilson, Williamson, Cheatham, Sumner, Maury, and Rutherford.
Just like every other state, Tennessee is a state where radon gas presence is not uncommon in homes throughout each county. According to the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation, radon is a serious problem in TN. So it's important to take action to have your home tested and, if necessary, install a radon mitigation system.
Although you may not be able to detect it with any of your human senses, the radon mitigation professionals at National Radon Defense can not only inspect your home's levels but also provide solutions for maintaining a healthy radon level in your Tennessee home. Several highly trained National Radon Defense dealers provide radon testing and radon mitigation services throughout TN, so your home can receive the protection it needs.
"For years we heated our home using propane, and it was an expensive hassle..."
For years we heated our home using propane, and it was an expensive hassle every year. This year, after Precision Air installed a geothermal system, I spent zero dollars buying or burning propane! The guys were great to work with.
"Chad and Parky set to work efficiently and answered questions in an..."
We had a radon test completed and know we need a migation system installed.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.176159
Retrieved Text: “I felt like I had [it] more under control … I was able to tell him what I wanted to hear from different musical parts and then test things out,” Brown said.
Brown performed her new songs at an album release show on Jan. 18. Brown said she looks forward to collaborating with more musicians on campus, recording more singles and singing at house shows.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.600449
Retrieved Text: Aubade : Australian music for strings.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney., on 28 Jan 97. Robert Allworth Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 3 mins, 8 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney., on 28 Jan 97. Richard Austin Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 3 mins, 38 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Studios 301, Sydney, on 20 Jan 96. Lawrence Bartlett Lawrence Bartlett 2 mins, 16 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Colin Brumby Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 8 mins, 49 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Ann Carr-Boyd Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 4 mins, 35 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Ann Carr-Boyd Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 5 mins, 55 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Spiritwing Studio, Lane Cove, Sydney, on 28 Mar 96. Richard Charlton Sydney Guitar Orchestra, Christopher Keane 5 mins, 58 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Eric Gross Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 10 mins, 4 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Grevillea Studios, Brisbane, on 14 Aug 96. Franz Holford Gary Williams, Betty Beath 2 mins, 22 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Studios 301, Sydney, on 20 Jan 96. Dulcie Holland Dulcie Holland 3 mins, 29 sec.
Score & Part: Autumn oaks : cello and piano / Franz Holford.
Score: At the fountain / Dulcie Holland.
Score: Images : three original works for guitar orchestra / by Ann Carr-Boyd, Richard Charlton, Christopher Keane.
Score: Prelude for sunset / Robert Allworth.
CD: Baroque angels : music of Australian composers / Colin Brumby ; Eric Gross ; Robert Allworth.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.599592
Retrieved Text: Res Dev Disabil. 2011 Mar-Apr;32(2):613-20. doi: 10.1016/j.ridd.2010.12.013. Epub 2011 Jan 12.
Feasibility, test-retest reliability, and interrater reliability of the Modified Ashworth Scale and Modified Tardieu Scale in persons with profound intellectual and multiple disabilities.
Waninge A1, Rook RA, Dijkhuizen A, Gielen E, van der Schans CP.
Caregivers of persons with profound intellectual and multiple disabilities (PIMD) often describe the quality of the daily movements of these persons in terms of flexibility or stiffness. Objective outcome measures for flexibility and stiffness are muscle tone or level of spasticity. Two instruments used to grade muscle tone and spasticity are the Modified Ashworth Scale (MAS) and the Modified Tardieu Scale (MTS). To date, however, no research has been performed to determine the psychometric properties of the MAS and MTS in persons with PIMD. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine the feasibility, test-retest reliability, and interrater reliability of the MAS and MTS in persons with PIMD. We assessed 35 participants on the MAS and MTS twice, first for the test and second a week later for the retest. Two observers performed the measurements. Feasibility was assessed based on the percentage of successful measurements. Test-retest and interrater reliability were determined by using the Wilcoxon signed rank test, intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC), Spearman's correlation, and either limits of agreement (LOA) or quadratically weighted kappa. The feasibility of the measurements was good, because an acceptable percentage of successful measurements were performed. MAS measurements had substantial to almost perfect quadratically weighted kappa (>0.8) and an acceptable ICC (>0.8) for both inter- and intrarater reliability.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.593443
Retrieved Text: Blood glucose attaches to haemoglobin in the red blood cells to form glycated haemoglobin. This is known as HbA1c. Other name is Glycohaemogloblin.
HbA1c test was introduced in clinical use in 1980 & has become a cornerstone of clinical practice.
Do you need to be fasting to do this test?
No. It can be performed at any time of the day & does not require fasting. This has made it the preferred test for assessing glycaemic control in people with diabetes.
Why HbA1c test is performed?
If you have diabetes, it is done to measure your blood sugar control over the last 2-3 months. This test is also used to screen for diabetes.
The closer your HbA1c is to normal level, the less the risk you have for above complications.
What level of HbA1c is good for a diabetic?
HbA1c above 6.5% is a criterion for diagnosing Diabetes mellitus.
If you have diabetes you try to keep your HbA1c level below 7%.
If your HbA1c is more than 7%, your diabetes control may not be good & you are at greater risk of diabetes complications mentioned above.
How can I reduce my chance of long term complication from diabetes?
If you can bring your HbA1c level down, you decrease your chance of long term complications.
How often should I test HbA1c?
It is recommended that you test HbA1c every 3 months.
American Diabetes Association. Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes. Diabetes Care, 2012, Jan; 35 Supplement.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.590088
Retrieved Text: For more than 20 years, the Lohan School of Shaolin has performed traditional Lion and Dragon Dances for audiences throughout Southern Nevada. Palace Station is proud to have the school share its lineage and traditions with team members and guests for the Chinese New Year. The Lion Dance will begin at 7:15 p.m. on Monday, Jan. 30 at the Palace Station race and sportsbook and proceed through the casino, which is located at 2411 West Sahara Avenue.
Those looking to continue the Chinese New Year celebration at Palace Station after the Lion Dance can enjoy the property’s authentic Chinese restaurant, Food Express. The eatery’s menu includes items such as roasted duck noodle soup, shark fin soup, live seafood, braised abalone with sea cucumber and sizzling chicken with black bean sauce, perfect for ringing in the Year of the Rooster with a bang. On Feb. 3 and 4, Palace Station also is hosting a $30,000 baccarat tournament for guests to test their luck in the New Year.
The 2017 Chinese New Year is on Jan. 28 and is celebrated from Jan. 27-Feb. 2.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.542423
Retrieved Text: SOUTHPORT, N.C. – The public alert notification sirens around the Brunswick Nuclear Plant will be tested Wednesday, Jan. 14, between 10 a.m. and 11 a.m. The 38 sirens within 10 miles of the Brunswick Nuclear Plant will be tested at low-volume for ten seconds. This test may be performed more than once to make sure each siren works properly. This test is performed quarterly, in cooperation with emergency officials in Brunswick and New Hanover counties, who are responsible for sounding the sirens.
Hearing a siren does not mean to evacuate. In an emergency, sirens are sounded as a signal for residents to tune to a local radio or TV station that would carry an emergency alerting message. County officials use these stations to provide information to the public. If sirens are heard and residents are unsure if it is a test or an emergency, they should tune to their local radio or TV station.
Duke Energy Progress owns nuclear, coal-fired, natural gas and hydroelectric generation. That diverse fuel mix provides about 12,000 megawatts of owned electric capacity to approximately 1.5 million customers in a 34,000-square-mile service area of North Carolina and South Carolina.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.356169
Retrieved Text: The effects of single bouts of body-weight supported treadmill training on the feeling states of people with spinal cord injury.
BY: Martin Ginis KA, Latimer AE. Department of Kinesiology, Centre for Health Promotion and Rehabilitation, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Spinal Cord. 2007 Jan;45(1):112-5. Epub 2006 Mar 7.
STUDY DESIGN: Pre-test, post-test study of the relationship between exercise-related changes in feeling states and pain among persons with chronic incomplete spinal cord injury (SCI) who performed three separate exercise sessions consisting of body-weight supported treadmill training (BWSTT).
OBJECTIVES: To determine whether exercise-related changes in feeling states are related to exercise-related changes in pain and in-task pain.
METHODS: A total of 14 men and women with chronic, incomplete SCI (ASIA B and C) performed three exercise sessions of BWSTT. Measures of pain and feeling states were administered before and after each session along with a measure of pain experienced while exercising.
RESULTS: Participants who experienced greater decreases in pain from pre- to post-exercise also experienced greater improvements in feeling states. Pain experienced during exercise was unrelated to changes in feeling states.
CONCLUSION: Among persons with SCI, exercise-related changes in pain can influence the effects of individual exercise bouts on feeling states.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.100609
Retrieved Text: This paper introduces a temporal-causal network model that describes the recognition of emotions shown by others. The model can show both normal functioning and cases of dysfunctioning, such as can be the case for persons with certain types of dementia. Simulations have been performed to test the model in both these types of behaviours. A mathematical analysis was done which gave evidence that the model as implemented does what it is meant to do. The model can be applied to obtain a virtual patient model to study the way in which recognition of emotions can deviate for certain types of persons.
Commu, Charlotte ; Treur, Jan ; Dols, Annemieke ; Pijnenburg, Yolande A.L. / A computational network model for the effects of certain types of dementia on social functioning. Computational Collective Intelligence: 10th International Conference, ICCCI 2018, Proceedings. editor / Ngoc Thanh Nguyen ; Elias Pimenidis ; Zaheer Khan ; Bogdan Trawinski. Vol. 1 Springer/Verlag, 2018. pp. 119-133 (Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)).
A computational network model for the effects of certain types of dementia on social functioning. / Commu, Charlotte; Treur, Jan; Dols, Annemieke; Pijnenburg, Yolande A.L.
Computational Collective Intelligence: 10th International Conference, ICCCI 2018, Proceedings. ed. / Ngoc Thanh Nguyen; Elias Pimenidis; Zaheer Khan; Bogdan Trawinski. Vol. 1 Springer/Verlag, 2018. p. 119-133 (Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics); Vol. 11055 LNAI).
AU - Pijnenburg, Yolande A.L.
N2 - This paper introduces a temporal-causal network model that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.95698
Retrieved Text: February 2, 2005 (by Chris McGee) - The F/A-22 Raptor, the Air Force's next-generation air superiority fighter, performed well in recently completed operational testing and is on track to go operational in December, the director of the program's combined test force said.
Speaking prior to a lecture he delivered at the National Museum of the United States Air Force here, Lt. Col. Evan Thomas, a Raptor pilot who commands the 411th Flight Test Squadron at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., said testing finished ahead of schedule.
"I'm very optimistic," Colonel Thomas said. "The airplane did very well in operational testing."
He said the process of readying the Raptor for its operational testing -- from refining and validating the aircraft's key attributes to training pilots -- proved a significant effort and enabled operational testing to be conducted successfully and ahead of schedule.
Even so, Colonel Thomas said obstacles remain to be cleared between now and December.
"There are still a lot of challenges," he said. "It's going to be an uphill fight throughout this year, not only for us on the Air Force Materiel Command developmental test side, but also for Air Combat Command units standing up the first squadron at Langley (AFB, Va.). These are challenges, but we can (overcome) them."
The 27th Fighter Squadron at Langley AFB -- the first squadron to transition to the Raptor -- received the first operational aircraft Jan. 18 from Tyndall AFB, Fla., where the 43rd Fighter Squadron is training future Raptor pilots.
Pilots with the 27th Fighter Squadron will train on the aircraft by flying missions

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.663723
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Headphones, Earphones & Portable Music' started by svenx, Jan 19, 2008.
While on vacation, I brought my R09 recorder to record in-flight audio and also record how my spanking new AudioTechnica ATH-ANC7 noise-cancelling headphones. The recordings are of rather high quality and available in lossless format without any filtering. The only processing on the files are fade-in and fade-out and also reducing the volume of some of the clicks resulting from turning the noise-cancelling unit on and off.
hear how well the ANC7's performed in a real scenario.
use the recordings to simulate an in-flight scenario to test other noise-cancelling headphones.
use the recordings for whatever purpose you want; they are in the public domain.
For best results, use high-quality headphones to listen to the recordings.
You don't need to download all files. To get the best impression on how the ANC7's performed, try either boeing777-ath_anc7-test3 or airbus319-ath_anc7-test.
The FLAC files are encoded using the reference libFLAC 1.2.1. By the time of writing, this is fairly new, so some players might have problems playing the files. If you hear skipping, pauses or the player stops after some seconds, you probably have to update the FLAC decoder library in your player, or reencode the files to a different FLAC version or format.
There is quite a lot of rumbling low-end in the recording, as they have not been filtered at all. You might want to filter out some of the low-end, depending on what you use the recordings for.
All files are mirrored at the Internet Archive.
Recorded in the middle of airplane with not

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.54207
Retrieved Text: Recommended SSC CHSL 21st Jan Mock Tests Series: Every Staff Selection conducts of the famous exams of the country which is Combined Higher Secondary Level (CHSL). SSC conducts CHSL exam for the recruitment of Data Entry Operator (DEO), Lower Division Clerk (LDC), Postal Assistant/Sorting Assistant & Court Clerk.
Since the Tier-I Examination will run for almost a month, it is necessary that candidates who are yet to appear for the written exam should continuously practice. This article emphasises on SSC CHSL 21st Jan Mock Test Series focused on scoring well in the actual paper.
Try our SSC CHSL 21st Jan Mock Test Series based on the new exam pattern for Tier-I Examination. You can still improve your scores drastically by trying out a wide range of questions asked in our special mock test series.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.53051
Retrieved Text: (Aug. 15) Trial data with details of test datasets, as well as the training data (all data released in STS 2012, 2013 and 2014). It also includes the evaluation script.
(Jan. 22) Raw annotations and the Perl scripts that generate the final gold standard files.
(Jan. 22) Test data with gold standard annotations. It also includes the evaluation script and the task baseline.
Please use 2014 data for development and training.
(Jan. 22) Test data with gold standard annotations.
(Oct. 16) Annotation guidelines made available.
NEW (Nov. 10) Final train data (including NEW evaluation script) made available.
1. Bug affecting alignments which had multiple types fixed.
- no type penalty between EQUI and SIMI/SPE with score 4.
(Jan. 22) Test data with gold standard annotations. It also includes the evaluation script, gold labels (.wa files) and the task baseline.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.48856
Retrieved Text: Jan Purser has a special interest in helping people reverse mild cognitive impairment and early onset Alzheimer's disease. She is a certified ReCODE practitioner trained in the Bredesen Protocol. Jan completed practitioner training in the USA with The Institute of Functional Medicine and Dr Dale Bredesen from the Buck Institute and MPI Cognition. Jan presents seminars on this subject to the public and to practitioners.
The focus of the program is to determine your personal physiological drivers of cognitive decline or issues and then to address those drivers through diet, lifestyle and nutritional / herbal medicine. Jan's approach is using the Bredesen ReCODE Protocol.
Initial Cognitive Health Consultation - during this 1.5 hour comprehensive consultation Jan will complete a full health assessment and discuss your cognitive health concerns. During this appointment she will provide you with information for the online cognitive health assessment, a letter of referral to your own GP or the GP at Remede Wellness for blood tests; and any functional medicine test kits required.
Initial Cognitive Health Assessment Questionnaire - this is provided in your initial consultation for you to complete and email to Jan before your second consultation.
Comprehensive Blood Testing - a comprehensive panel of blood tests to assess the functional status of your body and to identify any areas of imbalance. These blood tests organised through your GP or the GP at Remede Wellness include: full blood examination, liver function test, kidney function test, full cholesterol and blood lipids test, cardiovascular risk factors test, full thyroid function including reverse T3, blood sugar levels, insulin,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.42983
Retrieved Text: The federal regulator Transport Canada requires lightship surveys to be performed at least every five years. The tests check for changes in weight, which may affect a vessel's stability.
The Spirit of British Columbia, the Queen of Chilliwack, the Mill Bay and the Howe Sound Queen are all overdue for the test, according to a table BC Ferries released in response to a Tyee freedom of information request.
The chart says the Spirit of British Columbia was due for the test on May 16, 2010, but won't get it until its Feb. 2011 refit. The Chilliwack was due on Sept. 7, 2009, and the Howe Sound Queen was due on June 27, 2009, but neither will be tested until their refits which are scheduled in May 2011.
The Mill Bay, which runs between Brentwood Bay on the Saanich Peninsula and Mill Bay on Vancouver Island, was due for its test on Sept. 1, 2006, making it now more than four years overdue and nearly a decade since its last test. A note on the chart says the vessel will be retired in May 2011.
A spokesperson for Transport Canada said she couldn't immediately provide information on why the vessels hadn't had the test, but hoped to have an explanation available on Jan. 31.
"BC Ferries' vessels are fully compliant with Transport Canada regulations," spokesperson Deborah Marshall wrote in an email. Vessels get annual inspections and certificates to sail, she said.
The requirement for lightship surveys "does not always align with BC Ferries' refit cycle," she said. "Under the Canada Shipping Act, Transport

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.401237
Retrieved Text: Bechtel Plant Machinery Inc., Monroeville, Pennsylvania, is awarded a $95,257,528 cost-plus-fixed-fee modification to previously awarded contract N00024-16-C-2106 to exercise an option for naval nuclear propulsion components. Work will be performed in Monroeville, Pennsylvania (94 percent); and Schenectady, New York (6 percent), and is expected to be complete by September 2028. Fiscal 2019 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $95,257,528 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. No additional information is provided on Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program contracts. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.
Kay and Associates Inc., Buffalo Grove, Illinois, is awarded $63,016,210 for modification P00007 to a previously awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N0042117C0044) to exercise an option for maintenance and support services for F/A-18 C/D and associated equipment in support of the government of Kuwait. Work will be performed at various locations in Kuwait including Almed Al-Jaber Air Base (98.38 percent); Kuwaiti Air Force Headquarters (6.04 percent); Air Institute/Air Defense Base (1.89 percent); and Subhan/Air Defense Base (1.13 percent). Work is expected to be completed in January 2020. Foreign Military Sales funds in the amount of $63,016,210 are being obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.
Rolls-Royce Corp., Indianapolis, Indiana, is awarded a $41,967,720 modification to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract N00019-17-C-0081 for the procurement of 20 production Marine Turbine (MT7)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.339483
Retrieved Text: Jan. 31, 2019 5:30 p.m.
Students at Ecole Our Lady of the Rosary performed “Louis la grenouille” (Louie the frog) for parents, family members and friends on Jan. 31.
The play was performed six times with a different group of students taking to the stage each time.
“Louis la grenouille” was performed entirely in french.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.19464
Retrieved Text: Benzer Nursing Home is a Gynecology specialized Hospital performing complex infertility treatments with high success rates. It is located at 2nd Cross Lane, Lokhandwala, Andheri West, Mumbai Maharashtra. Established in 1986, the clinic has enough experience and equipment to provide In Vitro fertilization (IVF - Test Tube Baby) treatment. The centre also has well-maintained labs and rooms to conduct the treatment in a safe and effective manner. Dr. Saloni Suchak is one of the doctors in Benzer Nursing Home who has an experience of 13 years. She has specialization in Gyne Laparoscopy, Hysterectomy (Abdominal/Vaginal), Normal Vaginal Delivery (NVD) and Intrauterine Insemination (IUI). Benzer Nursing Home is open Monday through Saturday from 8:00 AM to 2:00 PM and on Sunday it is open from 4 PM to 9 PM.
This is a corporate video of Benzer Nursing Home established in the year 1986. Dr. N.S. Nanavati, Director of Benzer Nursing Home mentions that more than 3000 deliveries and 2000 surgeries were performed at the nursing home. The motto of the nursing home is to care for the patients. The nursing home houses expert gynecologists, pediatricians, surgeons, physicians and nurses. Watch the video and find out more regarding Benzer Nursing Home.
Helpful Posted on: Jan. 9, 2017, 1:32 p.m.
Helpful Posted on: July 13, 2017, 10:02 a.m.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.182926
Retrieved Text: Do your children want to go to college? Do you wonder if they can succeed? Are they struggling just to make it through high school? Is taking a test a daunting prospect? This week you will hear an inspirational testimony of a seventeen-year-old who realized his life-long dream of going to college by using The NeuroDevelopmental Approach.
As parents we want our children to achieve their greatest potential! Dr. Jan gives helpful tips about simple activities that can be performed with children of all ages do so they don’t struggle academically. To be successful learners, we need organized brains, good short-term memory and correct mental storage of information. All of these are requirements so information is found easily and used efficiently. This is what the NeuroDevelopmental Approach is all about! Dr. Jan has been working for over 20 years to bring hope to struggling learners.
Listen to the Brain Coach Tips for today to get your healthy dose of hope. These tips will help whether your child is in college or wants to go to college in the future. Checkout the handout for mentioned products and discount codes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.154305
Retrieved Text: Comp Biochem Physiol B Biochem Mol Biol. 2007 May;147(1):20-8. Epub 2007 Jan 30.
Hibernating black bears (Ursus americanus) experience skeletal muscle protein balance during winter anorexia.
Lohuis TD1, Harlow HJ, Beck TD.
Black bears spend four to seven months every winter confined to their den and anorexic. Despite potential for skeletal muscle atrophy and protein loss, bears appear to retain muscle integrity throughout winter dormancy. Other authors have suggested that bears are capable of net protein anabolism during this time. The present study was performed to test this hypothesis by directly measuring skeletal muscle protein metabolism during the summer, as well as early and late hibernation periods. Muscle biopsies were taken from the vastus lateralis of six free-ranging bears in the summer, and from six others early in hibernation and again in late winter. Protein synthesis and breakdown were measured on biopsies using (14)C-phenylalanine as a tracer. Muscle protein, nitrogen, and nucleic acid content, as well as nitrogen stable isotope enrichment, were also measured. Protein synthesis was greater than breakdown in summer bears, suggesting that they accumulate muscle protein during periods of seasonal food availability. Protein synthesis and breakdown were both lower in winter compared to summer but were equal during both early and late denning, indicating that bears are in protein balance during hibernation. Protein and nitrogen content, nucleic acid, and stable isotope enrichment measurements of the biopsies support this conclusion.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.050367
Retrieved Text: Lawton-Bronson CSD > Urgent Announcements > CONGRATULATIONS to ALYSSA HABEGER as she is Lawton-Bronson's STUDENT OF THE WEEK! Alyssa was nominated by Mrs. Boyer has she performed well on her NWEA math test! She highly exceeded the average score & always works hard in class!
Urgent Announcements: CONGRATULATIONS to ALYSSA HABEGER as she is Lawton-Bronson's STUDENT OF THE WEEK! Alyssa was nominated by Mrs. Boyer has she performed well on her NWEA math test! She highly exceeded the average score & always works hard in class!
CONGRATULATIONS to ALYSSA HABEGER as she is Lawton-Bronson's STUDENT OF THE WEEK! Alyssa was nominated by Mrs. Boyer has she performed well on her NWEA math test! She highly exceeded the average score & always works hard in class!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.036701
Retrieved Text: Harper Construction Co. Inc., San Diego, California, is being awarded a $127,998,817 firm-fixed-price contract for design-bid-build construction of F-35 aircraft maintenance hangar and flight line apron expansion at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar. The contract will include an aircraft maintenance hangar, an aircraft parking apron, and aircraft parking apron expansion for the first wave of incoming F-35 aircrafts. The maintenance hangar will require a special foundation, and will include a secure access program facility, overhead bridge crane, and elevators. Project includes all pertinent site improvements, site preparations, mechanical and electrical utilities, telecommunications, emergency generator, landscaping, irrigation, drainage, parking, and exterior lighting. The contract also contains eight unexercised options, which if exercised would increase cumulative contract value to $131,510,140. Work will be performed in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed by January 2020. Fiscal 2017 military construction (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $127,998,817 are obligated on this award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. This contract was competitively procured via the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with seven proposals received. The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N62473-18-C-4605).
General Dynamics Electric Boat Corp., Groton, Connecticut, is being awarded an $18,849,311 cost-plus-fixed-fee modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-16-C-2111) for the procurement, planning and execution of the tube insertion fixture phase II. Electric Boat Corp. is procuring a fixture to assist with inserting two paired tubes into two paired cylinders. Phase II involves the manufacturing, packing and shipping of this fixture. Work

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.922184
Retrieved Text: Enjoy brain training created by scientists and game designers. Lumosity offers an array of brain teasers and mind training games designed to put your critical thinking, memory and problem-solving skills to the test. Challenge. Lumosity offers an array of brain teasers and mind training games designed to put your critical thinking, memory and problem-solving skills to the test. Sharpen problem-solving skills in a few minutes each day with Lumosity’s personalised challenges. Compatible with iPhone, iPad.
5 Jan Lumos Labs, the company behind the Lumosity app that promises to "challenge your brain" using a daily training program of cognitive games. Lumosity is a free educational brain training game which is very interesting and useful to develop and train your brain. Our team from Techforpc have teste. 6 Jul Lumosity for PC supports different operating systems including Windows XP, Vista, 7 and Windows 8. For Mac user, it also supports Tiger.
23 Mar Lumosity, Peak, Elevate, Fit Brains Trainer and Cognito are trying to help Android and iOS users keep their grey cells supple with daily. 19 Oct Lumosity for PC is available for Windows 7,8,,10,XP or Mac OS X. Download Lumosity APK for Computer using guide. 11 Feb Lumosity is a gaming app dedicated to improving cognitive function, based on the science of neuroplasticity. According to this principle, the. 21 Jul Recently, many online cognitive training platforms such as Lumosity have claimed that their “brain training” video games can help to slow. 3 Jul Yes, Lumosity is playing mind games with you. But it's for your own good. and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.911495
Retrieved Text: This probe purpose was to help identify an unknown gram negative bacterium, distributed by our TA instructor. It is relatively important to identify unknown organisms, those that are unidentified can certainly be harmful and have the potential to cause harm to the public. The use for these several test experiments are very important, mainly because it aids in the identification of unknown and potentially harmful organisms, Along with reflecting how well an organism can grow or react in certain environments.
The T-streak procedure for isolation of unknown was conducted before identifying the morphological properties. A T-streak is performed to isolate bacteria over three regions of a Tryptic Soy Agar plate (TSA), into single colonies that are able to be inoculated for biochemical tests. It is in the third quadrant of the TSA plate is where a pure culture can be found and used for the biochemical tests. As stated in the lab manual, that there are six possible unknown bacteria. The T- streak isolation method will make sure there is no contamination in the unknown.
References: Todar, Kenneth. "Nutrition and growth of Bacteria." Online Textbook of Bacteriology. Web. 30 Mar. 2012. .
"E. Coli Enteritis." Medline Plus (n.d.): n. pag. 10 Jan. 2011. Web. 28 Mar. 2013.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.897575
Retrieved Text: Montclair’s Second Place Saber Medalists from left, Grace Van Atta, Emily Hand and Grace Edgington pose at the Santelli Tournament.
The Montclair High School fencing team started this season off working hard, and has seen a lot of success because of it.
Most recently the boys took part in the annual Cetrulo Tournament and finished ninth out of 53 teams, with the girls taking seventh in the 2019 Santelli tournament out of 51 teams.
This comes on the heels of a great showing to open the season in a quad event at Livingston against the Lancers, as well as Columbia and Millburn High School, with the girls going undefeated.
The boys have come out and beat both Newark Academy and Governor Livingston to be above .500 going into the Cetrulo tournament weekend. “We are equally proud of the progress shown by our boys and commend their perseverance,” Chang said.
The first home match against Governor Livingston was a chance to do some team building.
While the boys were getting back on track, the girls were continuing their winning ways allowing Montclair to sweep both matches. That lead to the Mounties having plenty of momentum heading into the 40th annual Santelli and Cetrulo Tournaments this past weekend at Drew University.
The Santelli and Cetrulo tournaments do two things for the Mounties fencers: first, they help hone and sharpen Montclair’s skills on the fencing strip before MHS has to compete in the district, county and state meets. A good can help their seeding for those events, but the early test against top teams means the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.842024
Retrieved Text: The classic play of Rome by Shakespeare performed live and transported to you on screen! Coriolanus must take on the role of both the hero/protector of Rome as well as a political leader when the city is under attack and suffering famine. Don't miss the screening on Jan 30, 20:00.

================



======= Instance Index 19300 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan performed well on the test.

Question: How did Jan do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: studied really hard

B: went to a party

C: perform just as well

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.06463
Retrieved Text: Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg &nbsp;in September and October of 2016.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg &nbsp;in June and July of 2017.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg from December 2016 to January 2017.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg in July 2018.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Thu Oct 6 04:26:12 PDT 2016 to Thu Oct 6 01:29:54 PDT 2016.
Domain crawl of the Luxembourg web domain (.lu) performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Luxembourg / Bibliothèque nationale de Luxembourg in January 2019.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl004.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Tue Oct 11 19:09:47 PDT 2016 to Tue Oct 11 17:11:09 PDT 2016.
Internet Archive crawldata from the National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-003-2017-06-28 from Fri Jun 30 23:27:12 PDT 2017 to Fri Jun 30 17:49:50 PDT 2017.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Wed Oct 5 02:22:10 PDT 2016 to Tue Oct 4 20:20:49 PDT 2016.
Internet Archive crawldata from National Library of LUXEMBOURG, captured by wbgrp-crawl002.us.archive.org:LUX-001-TEST from Tue Oct 11

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.96005
Retrieved Text: One approach to pretest probability is to consider <20% low, 20-80% intermediate, and >80% high.
For high pretest probability: exercise stress test may be performed to aid with prognosis and management.
For intermediate pretest probability: exercise stress test may be performed to aid with diagnosis.
For low pretest probability: exercise stress test may have a role in some circumstances, but is not generally recommended.
[link memo="#1" url="http://www.uptodate.com"] Garber, AM. Stress testing for the diagnosis of obstructive coronary heart disease. UpToDate, Basow, DS (Ed), UpToDate, Waltham, MA, 2015. Accessed Jan 14 2017.
#1 Garber, AM. Stress testing for the diagnosis of obstructive coronary heart disease. UpToDate, Basow, DS (Ed), UpToDate, Waltham, MA, 2015. Accessed Jan 14 2017.
#2 Weiner DA, Ryan TJ, McCabe CH, Kennedy JW, Schloss M, Tristani F, Chaitman BR, Fisher LD. Exercise stress testing. Correlations among history of angina, ST-segment response and prevalence of coronary-artery disease in the Coronary Artery Surgery Study (CASS). N Engl J Med. 1979 Aug 2;301(5):230-5.
Morgan M. Stress Testing for Diagnosis of Coronary Artery Disease. ​​The SOAPnote Project. https://www.soapnote.org/cardiovascular/stress-testing-chd/. Published January 14, 2017. Updated October 3, 2018. Accessed April 20, 2019.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.921278
Retrieved Text: Jan Serfontein will make his first start for the Springboks as he replaces Frans Steyn, who has removed himself from national selection.
Gurthrö Steenkamp, will make his 50th Test appearance for the Springboks when they take on Wales in Durban on Saturday,as he replaces Tendai Mtawarira in the starting line-up.
Steenkamp is one of six changes to the match-day squad from the team which comprehensively beat the World XV last weekend in Cape Town, four of which are positional shifts.
Cornal Hendricks, who shone for the Springboks last weekend at Newlands, will make his Test debut on Saturday, while his provincial teammate from the Free State Cheetahs, the uncapped Lodewyk de Jager, has been selected on the bench.
The two changes in the backline are at inside centre, where Jan Serfontein comes in, and scrumhalf Fourie du Preez starts with Ruan Pienaar on the bench.
“I planned on giving Jan [Serfontein] an opportunity this month,” said coach Heyneke Meyer.
“He was first selected when he was 20 last year and it’s always been our plan to groom him for a long Springbok career.
“He’s been playing well for the Bulls lately and his first start for the Springboks is well-deserved after making nine appearances from the bench in 2013.
The 32-year-old Steenkamp, who made his international debut on 27 November 2004 against Scotland in Edinburgh, will become the 29th Springbok to reach 50 Test caps.
He will also become the sixth prop to achieve this feat behind Os du Randt, CJ van der Linde, Ollie le Roux, Jannie du Plessis and Mtawarira.
“This is a wonderful

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.330372
Retrieved Text: Anderson Silva cannot fight again until Jan. 31, 2016.
Former UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva was suspended for one year and fined following a hearing with the Nevada State Athletic Commission on Thursday after testing positive for banned substances surrounding his Jan. 31 fight against Nick Diaz.
Silva was also fined and the result of his fight against Diaz was overturned to a no contest.
The two-hour-plus hearing saw Silva and his attorney make their defense while claiming that the fighter took a tainted sexual-enhancement drug, which then caused a positive test result.
Silva tested positive for Drostanolone and Androstane — both classified as banned, performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) — following a test administered on Jan. 9. Silva also tested positive for Drostanolone again in a post-fight test on Jan. 31 as well as two more drugs — temazepam and oxazepam — that are used for anti-anxiety and sleeplessness.
During the hearing, Silva testified and claimed that the tainted supplement was a sexual-enhancement liquid given to him by a friend who purchased the drug in Thailand. Silva stated that the off-market drug similar to Viagra or Cialis was not available for purchase in the United States or Brazil. According to Silva, he knew Marcos Fernandes for approximately one year through training together in Brazil and during a conversation talking about "man stuff," Silva says he received the supplement.
Silva said he took the sexual-enhancement drug for about three months prior to the fight.
Silva and his defense team called upon Paul Scott, who previously worked with the UCLA laboratory and also testified in cases

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.30077
Retrieved Text: Dayton's Pest Control is an experienced pest control authority in Tennessee for over 20 years who has recently expanded their expertise to include radon mitigation services.
Precision Air is a Tennessee radon mitigation and testing dealer ready to improve your home's indoor air quality. Serving customers in the following Counties: Davidson, Wilson, Williamson, Cheatham, Sumner, Maury, and Rutherford.
Just like every other state, Tennessee is a state where radon gas presence is not uncommon in homes throughout each county. According to the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation, radon is a serious problem in TN. So it's important to take action to have your home tested and, if necessary, install a radon mitigation system.
Although you may not be able to detect it with any of your human senses, the radon mitigation professionals at National Radon Defense can not only inspect your home's levels but also provide solutions for maintaining a healthy radon level in your Tennessee home. Several highly trained National Radon Defense dealers provide radon testing and radon mitigation services throughout TN, so your home can receive the protection it needs.
"For years we heated our home using propane, and it was an expensive hassle..."
For years we heated our home using propane, and it was an expensive hassle every year. This year, after Precision Air installed a geothermal system, I spent zero dollars buying or burning propane! The guys were great to work with.
"Chad and Parky set to work efficiently and answered questions in an..."
We had a radon test completed and know we need a migation system installed.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.176159
Retrieved Text: “I felt like I had [it] more under control … I was able to tell him what I wanted to hear from different musical parts and then test things out,” Brown said.
Brown performed her new songs at an album release show on Jan. 18. Brown said she looks forward to collaborating with more musicians on campus, recording more singles and singing at house shows.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.600449
Retrieved Text: Aubade : Australian music for strings.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney., on 28 Jan 97. Robert Allworth Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 3 mins, 8 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney., on 28 Jan 97. Richard Austin Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 3 mins, 38 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Studios 301, Sydney, on 20 Jan 96. Lawrence Bartlett Lawrence Bartlett 2 mins, 16 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Colin Brumby Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 8 mins, 49 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Ann Carr-Boyd Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 4 mins, 35 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Ann Carr-Boyd Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 5 mins, 55 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Spiritwing Studio, Lane Cove, Sydney, on 28 Mar 96. Richard Charlton Sydney Guitar Orchestra, Christopher Keane 5 mins, 58 sec.
Recorded/performed at: 2MBS-FM, Sydney, on 28 Jan 97. Eric Gross Glenn Murray, Ann Carr-Boyd 10 mins, 4 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Grevillea Studios, Brisbane, on 14 Aug 96. Franz Holford Gary Williams, Betty Beath 2 mins, 22 sec.
Recorded/performed at: Studios 301, Sydney, on 20 Jan 96. Dulcie Holland Dulcie Holland 3 mins, 29 sec.
Score & Part: Autumn oaks : cello and piano / Franz Holford.
Score: At the fountain / Dulcie Holland.
Score: Images : three original works for guitar orchestra / by Ann Carr-Boyd, Richard Charlton, Christopher Keane.
Score: Prelude for sunset / Robert Allworth.
CD: Baroque angels : music of Australian composers / Colin Brumby ; Eric Gross ; Robert Allworth.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.599592
Retrieved Text: Res Dev Disabil. 2011 Mar-Apr;32(2):613-20. doi: 10.1016/j.ridd.2010.12.013. Epub 2011 Jan 12.
Feasibility, test-retest reliability, and interrater reliability of the Modified Ashworth Scale and Modified Tardieu Scale in persons with profound intellectual and multiple disabilities.
Waninge A1, Rook RA, Dijkhuizen A, Gielen E, van der Schans CP.
Caregivers of persons with profound intellectual and multiple disabilities (PIMD) often describe the quality of the daily movements of these persons in terms of flexibility or stiffness. Objective outcome measures for flexibility and stiffness are muscle tone or level of spasticity. Two instruments used to grade muscle tone and spasticity are the Modified Ashworth Scale (MAS) and the Modified Tardieu Scale (MTS). To date, however, no research has been performed to determine the psychometric properties of the MAS and MTS in persons with PIMD. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine the feasibility, test-retest reliability, and interrater reliability of the MAS and MTS in persons with PIMD. We assessed 35 participants on the MAS and MTS twice, first for the test and second a week later for the retest. Two observers performed the measurements. Feasibility was assessed based on the percentage of successful measurements. Test-retest and interrater reliability were determined by using the Wilcoxon signed rank test, intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC), Spearman's correlation, and either limits of agreement (LOA) or quadratically weighted kappa. The feasibility of the measurements was good, because an acceptable percentage of successful measurements were performed. MAS measurements had substantial to almost perfect quadratically weighted kappa (>0.8) and an acceptable ICC (>0.8) for both inter- and intrarater reliability.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.593443
Retrieved Text: Blood glucose attaches to haemoglobin in the red blood cells to form glycated haemoglobin. This is known as HbA1c. Other name is Glycohaemogloblin.
HbA1c test was introduced in clinical use in 1980 & has become a cornerstone of clinical practice.
Do you need to be fasting to do this test?
No. It can be performed at any time of the day & does not require fasting. This has made it the preferred test for assessing glycaemic control in people with diabetes.
Why HbA1c test is performed?
If you have diabetes, it is done to measure your blood sugar control over the last 2-3 months. This test is also used to screen for diabetes.
The closer your HbA1c is to normal level, the less the risk you have for above complications.
What level of HbA1c is good for a diabetic?
HbA1c above 6.5% is a criterion for diagnosing Diabetes mellitus.
If you have diabetes you try to keep your HbA1c level below 7%.
If your HbA1c is more than 7%, your diabetes control may not be good & you are at greater risk of diabetes complications mentioned above.
How can I reduce my chance of long term complication from diabetes?
If you can bring your HbA1c level down, you decrease your chance of long term complications.
How often should I test HbA1c?
It is recommended that you test HbA1c every 3 months.
American Diabetes Association. Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes. Diabetes Care, 2012, Jan; 35 Supplement.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.590088
Retrieved Text: For more than 20 years, the Lohan School of Shaolin has performed traditional Lion and Dragon Dances for audiences throughout Southern Nevada. Palace Station is proud to have the school share its lineage and traditions with team members and guests for the Chinese New Year. The Lion Dance will begin at 7:15 p.m. on Monday, Jan. 30 at the Palace Station race and sportsbook and proceed through the casino, which is located at 2411 West Sahara Avenue.
Those looking to continue the Chinese New Year celebration at Palace Station after the Lion Dance can enjoy the property’s authentic Chinese restaurant, Food Express. The eatery’s menu includes items such as roasted duck noodle soup, shark fin soup, live seafood, braised abalone with sea cucumber and sizzling chicken with black bean sauce, perfect for ringing in the Year of the Rooster with a bang. On Feb. 3 and 4, Palace Station also is hosting a $30,000 baccarat tournament for guests to test their luck in the New Year.
The 2017 Chinese New Year is on Jan. 28 and is celebrated from Jan. 27-Feb. 2.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.542423
Retrieved Text: SOUTHPORT, N.C. – The public alert notification sirens around the Brunswick Nuclear Plant will be tested Wednesday, Jan. 14, between 10 a.m. and 11 a.m. The 38 sirens within 10 miles of the Brunswick Nuclear Plant will be tested at low-volume for ten seconds. This test may be performed more than once to make sure each siren works properly. This test is performed quarterly, in cooperation with emergency officials in Brunswick and New Hanover counties, who are responsible for sounding the sirens.
Hearing a siren does not mean to evacuate. In an emergency, sirens are sounded as a signal for residents to tune to a local radio or TV station that would carry an emergency alerting message. County officials use these stations to provide information to the public. If sirens are heard and residents are unsure if it is a test or an emergency, they should tune to their local radio or TV station.
Duke Energy Progress owns nuclear, coal-fired, natural gas and hydroelectric generation. That diverse fuel mix provides about 12,000 megawatts of owned electric capacity to approximately 1.5 million customers in a 34,000-square-mile service area of North Carolina and South Carolina.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.356169
Retrieved Text: The effects of single bouts of body-weight supported treadmill training on the feeling states of people with spinal cord injury.
BY: Martin Ginis KA, Latimer AE. Department of Kinesiology, Centre for Health Promotion and Rehabilitation, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Spinal Cord. 2007 Jan;45(1):112-5. Epub 2006 Mar 7.
STUDY DESIGN: Pre-test, post-test study of the relationship between exercise-related changes in feeling states and pain among persons with chronic incomplete spinal cord injury (SCI) who performed three separate exercise sessions consisting of body-weight supported treadmill training (BWSTT).
OBJECTIVES: To determine whether exercise-related changes in feeling states are related to exercise-related changes in pain and in-task pain.
METHODS: A total of 14 men and women with chronic, incomplete SCI (ASIA B and C) performed three exercise sessions of BWSTT. Measures of pain and feeling states were administered before and after each session along with a measure of pain experienced while exercising.
RESULTS: Participants who experienced greater decreases in pain from pre- to post-exercise also experienced greater improvements in feeling states. Pain experienced during exercise was unrelated to changes in feeling states.
CONCLUSION: Among persons with SCI, exercise-related changes in pain can influence the effects of individual exercise bouts on feeling states.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.100609
Retrieved Text: This paper introduces a temporal-causal network model that describes the recognition of emotions shown by others. The model can show both normal functioning and cases of dysfunctioning, such as can be the case for persons with certain types of dementia. Simulations have been performed to test the model in both these types of behaviours. A mathematical analysis was done which gave evidence that the model as implemented does what it is meant to do. The model can be applied to obtain a virtual patient model to study the way in which recognition of emotions can deviate for certain types of persons.
Commu, Charlotte ; Treur, Jan ; Dols, Annemieke ; Pijnenburg, Yolande A.L. / A computational network model for the effects of certain types of dementia on social functioning. Computational Collective Intelligence: 10th International Conference, ICCCI 2018, Proceedings. editor / Ngoc Thanh Nguyen ; Elias Pimenidis ; Zaheer Khan ; Bogdan Trawinski. Vol. 1 Springer/Verlag, 2018. pp. 119-133 (Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)).
A computational network model for the effects of certain types of dementia on social functioning. / Commu, Charlotte; Treur, Jan; Dols, Annemieke; Pijnenburg, Yolande A.L.
Computational Collective Intelligence: 10th International Conference, ICCCI 2018, Proceedings. ed. / Ngoc Thanh Nguyen; Elias Pimenidis; Zaheer Khan; Bogdan Trawinski. Vol. 1 Springer/Verlag, 2018. p. 119-133 (Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics); Vol. 11055 LNAI).
AU - Pijnenburg, Yolande A.L.
N2 - This paper introduces a temporal-causal network model that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.95698
Retrieved Text: February 2, 2005 (by Chris McGee) - The F/A-22 Raptor, the Air Force's next-generation air superiority fighter, performed well in recently completed operational testing and is on track to go operational in December, the director of the program's combined test force said.
Speaking prior to a lecture he delivered at the National Museum of the United States Air Force here, Lt. Col. Evan Thomas, a Raptor pilot who commands the 411th Flight Test Squadron at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., said testing finished ahead of schedule.
"I'm very optimistic," Colonel Thomas said. "The airplane did very well in operational testing."
He said the process of readying the Raptor for its operational testing -- from refining and validating the aircraft's key attributes to training pilots -- proved a significant effort and enabled operational testing to be conducted successfully and ahead of schedule.
Even so, Colonel Thomas said obstacles remain to be cleared between now and December.
"There are still a lot of challenges," he said. "It's going to be an uphill fight throughout this year, not only for us on the Air Force Materiel Command developmental test side, but also for Air Combat Command units standing up the first squadron at Langley (AFB, Va.). These are challenges, but we can (overcome) them."
The 27th Fighter Squadron at Langley AFB -- the first squadron to transition to the Raptor -- received the first operational aircraft Jan. 18 from Tyndall AFB, Fla., where the 43rd Fighter Squadron is training future Raptor pilots.
Pilots with the 27th Fighter Squadron will train on the aircraft by flying missions

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.663723
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Headphones, Earphones & Portable Music' started by svenx, Jan 19, 2008.
While on vacation, I brought my R09 recorder to record in-flight audio and also record how my spanking new AudioTechnica ATH-ANC7 noise-cancelling headphones. The recordings are of rather high quality and available in lossless format without any filtering. The only processing on the files are fade-in and fade-out and also reducing the volume of some of the clicks resulting from turning the noise-cancelling unit on and off.
hear how well the ANC7's performed in a real scenario.
use the recordings to simulate an in-flight scenario to test other noise-cancelling headphones.
use the recordings for whatever purpose you want; they are in the public domain.
For best results, use high-quality headphones to listen to the recordings.
You don't need to download all files. To get the best impression on how the ANC7's performed, try either boeing777-ath_anc7-test3 or airbus319-ath_anc7-test.
The FLAC files are encoded using the reference libFLAC 1.2.1. By the time of writing, this is fairly new, so some players might have problems playing the files. If you hear skipping, pauses or the player stops after some seconds, you probably have to update the FLAC decoder library in your player, or reencode the files to a different FLAC version or format.
There is quite a lot of rumbling low-end in the recording, as they have not been filtered at all. You might want to filter out some of the low-end, depending on what you use the recordings for.
All files are mirrored at the Internet Archive.
Recorded in the middle of airplane with not

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.54207
Retrieved Text: Recommended SSC CHSL 21st Jan Mock Tests Series: Every Staff Selection conducts of the famous exams of the country which is Combined Higher Secondary Level (CHSL). SSC conducts CHSL exam for the recruitment of Data Entry Operator (DEO), Lower Division Clerk (LDC), Postal Assistant/Sorting Assistant & Court Clerk.
Since the Tier-I Examination will run for almost a month, it is necessary that candidates who are yet to appear for the written exam should continuously practice. This article emphasises on SSC CHSL 21st Jan Mock Test Series focused on scoring well in the actual paper.
Try our SSC CHSL 21st Jan Mock Test Series based on the new exam pattern for Tier-I Examination. You can still improve your scores drastically by trying out a wide range of questions asked in our special mock test series.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.53051
Retrieved Text: (Aug. 15) Trial data with details of test datasets, as well as the training data (all data released in STS 2012, 2013 and 2014). It also includes the evaluation script.
(Jan. 22) Raw annotations and the Perl scripts that generate the final gold standard files.
(Jan. 22) Test data with gold standard annotations. It also includes the evaluation script and the task baseline.
Please use 2014 data for development and training.
(Jan. 22) Test data with gold standard annotations.
(Oct. 16) Annotation guidelines made available.
NEW (Nov. 10) Final train data (including NEW evaluation script) made available.
1. Bug affecting alignments which had multiple types fixed.
- no type penalty between EQUI and SIMI/SPE with score 4.
(Jan. 22) Test data with gold standard annotations. It also includes the evaluation script, gold labels (.wa files) and the task baseline.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.48856
Retrieved Text: Jan Purser has a special interest in helping people reverse mild cognitive impairment and early onset Alzheimer's disease. She is a certified ReCODE practitioner trained in the Bredesen Protocol. Jan completed practitioner training in the USA with The Institute of Functional Medicine and Dr Dale Bredesen from the Buck Institute and MPI Cognition. Jan presents seminars on this subject to the public and to practitioners.
The focus of the program is to determine your personal physiological drivers of cognitive decline or issues and then to address those drivers through diet, lifestyle and nutritional / herbal medicine. Jan's approach is using the Bredesen ReCODE Protocol.
Initial Cognitive Health Consultation - during this 1.5 hour comprehensive consultation Jan will complete a full health assessment and discuss your cognitive health concerns. During this appointment she will provide you with information for the online cognitive health assessment, a letter of referral to your own GP or the GP at Remede Wellness for blood tests; and any functional medicine test kits required.
Initial Cognitive Health Assessment Questionnaire - this is provided in your initial consultation for you to complete and email to Jan before your second consultation.
Comprehensive Blood Testing - a comprehensive panel of blood tests to assess the functional status of your body and to identify any areas of imbalance. These blood tests organised through your GP or the GP at Remede Wellness include: full blood examination, liver function test, kidney function test, full cholesterol and blood lipids test, cardiovascular risk factors test, full thyroid function including reverse T3, blood sugar levels, insulin,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.42983
Retrieved Text: The federal regulator Transport Canada requires lightship surveys to be performed at least every five years. The tests check for changes in weight, which may affect a vessel's stability.
The Spirit of British Columbia, the Queen of Chilliwack, the Mill Bay and the Howe Sound Queen are all overdue for the test, according to a table BC Ferries released in response to a Tyee freedom of information request.
The chart says the Spirit of British Columbia was due for the test on May 16, 2010, but won't get it until its Feb. 2011 refit. The Chilliwack was due on Sept. 7, 2009, and the Howe Sound Queen was due on June 27, 2009, but neither will be tested until their refits which are scheduled in May 2011.
The Mill Bay, which runs between Brentwood Bay on the Saanich Peninsula and Mill Bay on Vancouver Island, was due for its test on Sept. 1, 2006, making it now more than four years overdue and nearly a decade since its last test. A note on the chart says the vessel will be retired in May 2011.
A spokesperson for Transport Canada said she couldn't immediately provide information on why the vessels hadn't had the test, but hoped to have an explanation available on Jan. 31.
"BC Ferries' vessels are fully compliant with Transport Canada regulations," spokesperson Deborah Marshall wrote in an email. Vessels get annual inspections and certificates to sail, she said.
The requirement for lightship surveys "does not always align with BC Ferries' refit cycle," she said. "Under the Canada Shipping Act, Transport

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.401237
Retrieved Text: Bechtel Plant Machinery Inc., Monroeville, Pennsylvania, is awarded a $95,257,528 cost-plus-fixed-fee modification to previously awarded contract N00024-16-C-2106 to exercise an option for naval nuclear propulsion components. Work will be performed in Monroeville, Pennsylvania (94 percent); and Schenectady, New York (6 percent), and is expected to be complete by September 2028. Fiscal 2019 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $95,257,528 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. No additional information is provided on Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program contracts. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.
Kay and Associates Inc., Buffalo Grove, Illinois, is awarded $63,016,210 for modification P00007 to a previously awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N0042117C0044) to exercise an option for maintenance and support services for F/A-18 C/D and associated equipment in support of the government of Kuwait. Work will be performed at various locations in Kuwait including Almed Al-Jaber Air Base (98.38 percent); Kuwaiti Air Force Headquarters (6.04 percent); Air Institute/Air Defense Base (1.89 percent); and Subhan/Air Defense Base (1.13 percent). Work is expected to be completed in January 2020. Foreign Military Sales funds in the amount of $63,016,210 are being obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.
Rolls-Royce Corp., Indianapolis, Indiana, is awarded a $41,967,720 modification to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract N00019-17-C-0081 for the procurement of 20 production Marine Turbine (MT7)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.339483
Retrieved Text: Jan. 31, 2019 5:30 p.m.
Students at Ecole Our Lady of the Rosary performed “Louis la grenouille” (Louie the frog) for parents, family members and friends on Jan. 31.
The play was performed six times with a different group of students taking to the stage each time.
“Louis la grenouille” was performed entirely in french.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.19464
Retrieved Text: Benzer Nursing Home is a Gynecology specialized Hospital performing complex infertility treatments with high success rates. It is located at 2nd Cross Lane, Lokhandwala, Andheri West, Mumbai Maharashtra. Established in 1986, the clinic has enough experience and equipment to provide In Vitro fertilization (IVF - Test Tube Baby) treatment. The centre also has well-maintained labs and rooms to conduct the treatment in a safe and effective manner. Dr. Saloni Suchak is one of the doctors in Benzer Nursing Home who has an experience of 13 years. She has specialization in Gyne Laparoscopy, Hysterectomy (Abdominal/Vaginal), Normal Vaginal Delivery (NVD) and Intrauterine Insemination (IUI). Benzer Nursing Home is open Monday through Saturday from 8:00 AM to 2:00 PM and on Sunday it is open from 4 PM to 9 PM.
This is a corporate video of Benzer Nursing Home established in the year 1986. Dr. N.S. Nanavati, Director of Benzer Nursing Home mentions that more than 3000 deliveries and 2000 surgeries were performed at the nursing home. The motto of the nursing home is to care for the patients. The nursing home houses expert gynecologists, pediatricians, surgeons, physicians and nurses. Watch the video and find out more regarding Benzer Nursing Home.
Helpful Posted on: Jan. 9, 2017, 1:32 p.m.
Helpful Posted on: July 13, 2017, 10:02 a.m.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.182926
Retrieved Text: Do your children want to go to college? Do you wonder if they can succeed? Are they struggling just to make it through high school? Is taking a test a daunting prospect? This week you will hear an inspirational testimony of a seventeen-year-old who realized his life-long dream of going to college by using The NeuroDevelopmental Approach.
As parents we want our children to achieve their greatest potential! Dr. Jan gives helpful tips about simple activities that can be performed with children of all ages do so they don’t struggle academically. To be successful learners, we need organized brains, good short-term memory and correct mental storage of information. All of these are requirements so information is found easily and used efficiently. This is what the NeuroDevelopmental Approach is all about! Dr. Jan has been working for over 20 years to bring hope to struggling learners.
Listen to the Brain Coach Tips for today to get your healthy dose of hope. These tips will help whether your child is in college or wants to go to college in the future. Checkout the handout for mentioned products and discount codes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.154305
Retrieved Text: Comp Biochem Physiol B Biochem Mol Biol. 2007 May;147(1):20-8. Epub 2007 Jan 30.
Hibernating black bears (Ursus americanus) experience skeletal muscle protein balance during winter anorexia.
Lohuis TD1, Harlow HJ, Beck TD.
Black bears spend four to seven months every winter confined to their den and anorexic. Despite potential for skeletal muscle atrophy and protein loss, bears appear to retain muscle integrity throughout winter dormancy. Other authors have suggested that bears are capable of net protein anabolism during this time. The present study was performed to test this hypothesis by directly measuring skeletal muscle protein metabolism during the summer, as well as early and late hibernation periods. Muscle biopsies were taken from the vastus lateralis of six free-ranging bears in the summer, and from six others early in hibernation and again in late winter. Protein synthesis and breakdown were measured on biopsies using (14)C-phenylalanine as a tracer. Muscle protein, nitrogen, and nucleic acid content, as well as nitrogen stable isotope enrichment, were also measured. Protein synthesis was greater than breakdown in summer bears, suggesting that they accumulate muscle protein during periods of seasonal food availability. Protein synthesis and breakdown were both lower in winter compared to summer but were equal during both early and late denning, indicating that bears are in protein balance during hibernation. Protein and nitrogen content, nucleic acid, and stable isotope enrichment measurements of the biopsies support this conclusion.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.050367
Retrieved Text: Lawton-Bronson CSD > Urgent Announcements > CONGRATULATIONS to ALYSSA HABEGER as she is Lawton-Bronson's STUDENT OF THE WEEK! Alyssa was nominated by Mrs. Boyer has she performed well on her NWEA math test! She highly exceeded the average score & always works hard in class!
Urgent Announcements: CONGRATULATIONS to ALYSSA HABEGER as she is Lawton-Bronson's STUDENT OF THE WEEK! Alyssa was nominated by Mrs. Boyer has she performed well on her NWEA math test! She highly exceeded the average score & always works hard in class!
CONGRATULATIONS to ALYSSA HABEGER as she is Lawton-Bronson's STUDENT OF THE WEEK! Alyssa was nominated by Mrs. Boyer has she performed well on her NWEA math test! She highly exceeded the average score & always works hard in class!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.036701
Retrieved Text: Harper Construction Co. Inc., San Diego, California, is being awarded a $127,998,817 firm-fixed-price contract for design-bid-build construction of F-35 aircraft maintenance hangar and flight line apron expansion at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar. The contract will include an aircraft maintenance hangar, an aircraft parking apron, and aircraft parking apron expansion for the first wave of incoming F-35 aircrafts. The maintenance hangar will require a special foundation, and will include a secure access program facility, overhead bridge crane, and elevators. Project includes all pertinent site improvements, site preparations, mechanical and electrical utilities, telecommunications, emergency generator, landscaping, irrigation, drainage, parking, and exterior lighting. The contract also contains eight unexercised options, which if exercised would increase cumulative contract value to $131,510,140. Work will be performed in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed by January 2020. Fiscal 2017 military construction (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $127,998,817 are obligated on this award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. This contract was competitively procured via the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with seven proposals received. The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N62473-18-C-4605).
General Dynamics Electric Boat Corp., Groton, Connecticut, is being awarded an $18,849,311 cost-plus-fixed-fee modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-16-C-2111) for the procurement, planning and execution of the tube insertion fixture phase II. Electric Boat Corp. is procuring a fixture to assist with inserting two paired tubes into two paired cylinders. Phase II involves the manufacturing, packing and shipping of this fixture. Work

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.922184
Retrieved Text: Enjoy brain training created by scientists and game designers. Lumosity offers an array of brain teasers and mind training games designed to put your critical thinking, memory and problem-solving skills to the test. Challenge. Lumosity offers an array of brain teasers and mind training games designed to put your critical thinking, memory and problem-solving skills to the test. Sharpen problem-solving skills in a few minutes each day with Lumosity’s personalised challenges. Compatible with iPhone, iPad.
5 Jan Lumos Labs, the company behind the Lumosity app that promises to "challenge your brain" using a daily training program of cognitive games. Lumosity is a free educational brain training game which is very interesting and useful to develop and train your brain. Our team from Techforpc have teste. 6 Jul Lumosity for PC supports different operating systems including Windows XP, Vista, 7 and Windows 8. For Mac user, it also supports Tiger.
23 Mar Lumosity, Peak, Elevate, Fit Brains Trainer and Cognito are trying to help Android and iOS users keep their grey cells supple with daily. 19 Oct Lumosity for PC is available for Windows 7,8,,10,XP or Mac OS X. Download Lumosity APK for Computer using guide. 11 Feb Lumosity is a gaming app dedicated to improving cognitive function, based on the science of neuroplasticity. According to this principle, the. 21 Jul Recently, many online cognitive training platforms such as Lumosity have claimed that their “brain training” video games can help to slow. 3 Jul Yes, Lumosity is playing mind games with you. But it's for your own good. and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.911495
Retrieved Text: This probe purpose was to help identify an unknown gram negative bacterium, distributed by our TA instructor. It is relatively important to identify unknown organisms, those that are unidentified can certainly be harmful and have the potential to cause harm to the public. The use for these several test experiments are very important, mainly because it aids in the identification of unknown and potentially harmful organisms, Along with reflecting how well an organism can grow or react in certain environments.
The T-streak procedure for isolation of unknown was conducted before identifying the morphological properties. A T-streak is performed to isolate bacteria over three regions of a Tryptic Soy Agar plate (TSA), into single colonies that are able to be inoculated for biochemical tests. It is in the third quadrant of the TSA plate is where a pure culture can be found and used for the biochemical tests. As stated in the lab manual, that there are six possible unknown bacteria. The T- streak isolation method will make sure there is no contamination in the unknown.
References: Todar, Kenneth. "Nutrition and growth of Bacteria." Online Textbook of Bacteriology. Web. 30 Mar. 2012. .
"E. Coli Enteritis." Medline Plus (n.d.): n. pag. 10 Jan. 2011. Web. 28 Mar. 2013.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.897575
Retrieved Text: Montclair’s Second Place Saber Medalists from left, Grace Van Atta, Emily Hand and Grace Edgington pose at the Santelli Tournament.
The Montclair High School fencing team started this season off working hard, and has seen a lot of success because of it.
Most recently the boys took part in the annual Cetrulo Tournament and finished ninth out of 53 teams, with the girls taking seventh in the 2019 Santelli tournament out of 51 teams.
This comes on the heels of a great showing to open the season in a quad event at Livingston against the Lancers, as well as Columbia and Millburn High School, with the girls going undefeated.
The boys have come out and beat both Newark Academy and Governor Livingston to be above .500 going into the Cetrulo tournament weekend. “We are equally proud of the progress shown by our boys and commend their perseverance,” Chang said.
The first home match against Governor Livingston was a chance to do some team building.
While the boys were getting back on track, the girls were continuing their winning ways allowing Montclair to sweep both matches. That lead to the Mounties having plenty of momentum heading into the 40th annual Santelli and Cetrulo Tournaments this past weekend at Drew University.
The Santelli and Cetrulo tournaments do two things for the Mounties fencers: first, they help hone and sharpen Montclair’s skills on the fencing strip before MHS has to compete in the district, county and state meets. A good can help their seeding for those events, but the early test against top teams means the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.842024
Retrieved Text: The classic play of Rome by Shakespeare performed live and transported to you on screen! Coriolanus must take on the role of both the hero/protector of Rome as well as a political leader when the city is under attack and suffering famine. Don't miss the screening on Jan 30, 20:00.

================



======= Instance Index 1412 =========
Input Text: Context: Cameron took sides in the argument.

Question: How would you describe Cameron?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: indecisive

B: like he was forced to take sides

C: aggressive

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.143839
Retrieved Text: In its submission1 to the Smith Commission on devolved powers to Scotland, the CIOT has suggested a hybrid approach to devolution that includes both full devolution of some taxes and the possible assignment of an appropriate share of revenue of taxes collected in Scotland.
As controversy mounts over Westminster’s plans to set the terms of the mooted Scottish independence referendum the Electoral Reform Society Scotland has called on the government to accept that Holyrood has the “stronger mandate” to decide on the referendum question.
The ‘no’ outcome in the Scottish Referendum on independence will help secure Scotland’s future at the forefront of engineering and technology.
Logic and argument have been left behind on the final day of campaigning in the Scottish independence referendum. Both sides, gathering for rallies in Glasgow, are now just trying to shout as loudly as they possibly can.
Do Cameron and Osborne really want Scotland to stay in the UK?
Right now they're doing everything in their power to encourage Scots to leave.
The argument for Britain must be one from the heart, not the wallet.
Just nine per cent of Scottish voters believe they would be better off under independence, according to a major new poll.
Alex Salmond was braced for a relentless attack on his plans for an independent Scotland today, after he published a massive 670-page document outlining his vision for the future of the country.
Read an exclusive extract from David Torrance's insider account of the fight for Scottish independence.
Labour dramatically overturned the Scottish National party's (SNP) majority in the Dunfermline by-election last night, in a move

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.256432
Retrieved Text: While Parliament fails to fully represent society it fails to represent the best of society.
So any imbalance in representation is an indictment of the failure of Government to fulfil the potential of all the members of society.
I watched the three main party leaders face the committee and I have to say this was an instance when the best of our politics was on show.
Brown, Cameron and Clegg all made excellent shows of the efforts they've made and provided good reasoned (if partisan) arguments why more democracy is necessary to solve the weaknesses in our current democracy.
With all the furore being caused by the BNP's appearance on the BBC it has been easy to get distracted from the positive politics going on under our noses, but it is also easy to lose sight of how these issues are two sides of the same coin.
So it is a shame that QT was dominated by the assumptions surrounding perceptions of the BNP and its' leader Nick Griffins' anti-democratic credentials, when the time may have been more productively spent quizzing him on what efforts he is making to improve the overall balance.
I for one don't see the BNP encouraging gender balance, nor do I see them doing anything at all to help ethnic minority representation or arguing for an extension of the democratic franchise to any group - in fact they are doing the reverse!
Therefore amid all the hype over who exactly is bullying whom I think it is important to remember who is actually offering greater support to the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.240911
Retrieved Text: British Prime Minister David Cameron and President Barack Obama sidestepped political minefields over the BP oil spill and the Lockerbie bomber and insisted Afghan war strategy was working.
In their first White House talks, the two leaders also pledged fealty to the "special relationship" between Britain and America, and sought to forge a personal connection in a White House press conference.
In fact, the visit appeared planned by both sides to ensure that the first real chance for the two to bond -- after brief previous meetings -- was not spoiled by political rows neither could control.
Obama hosted Cameron for talks in the Oval Office, served a lunch of wild striped bass, and gave his guest a tour of the White House living quarters. Cameron even remarked on the Obama daughters' tidy bedrooms.
Cameron had arrived in Washington amid signs that his visit could be overshadowed by still simmering political fury here over a mass casualty terror attack two decades before he took office.
Scotland's devolved government last year released Libyan Abdelbaset Ali Mohmet al-Megrahi -- the only man convicted in the 1988 Lockerbie bombing -- on compassionate grounds after he was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
But Megrahi, the only man convicted over the downing of the Pan Am jumbo jet, which killed 270 people, is still alive in Libya, sparking fury among Americans who believe he should never have been released.
Cameron's strategy was to forcefully condemn the release of Megrahi, and to offer sympathy to enraged Americans. But he also rebuffed US calls for a British government inquiry.
"I said this

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.799904
Retrieved Text: Ray Comfort and Kirk Cameron’s debate with the Rational Response Squad (the group responsible for the “Blasphemy Challenge” on YouTube) is now running on ABC’s news website. I watched as much of it as I have time for, but early on it became clear that neither side was prepared for a discussion of the arguments for the existence of God.
Comfort started with the argument from design, a strong argument to be sure. He gave several effective illustrations, but then he moved on to two other “arguments” that were actually gospel sermons unconvincingly cloaked in science. Comfort feebly argued from the existence of morality, allowing the discussion to turn towards the Ten Commandments and sin. This was unfortunate because it left atheist Brian Sapient an open door for accusing his opponents of not honoring the terms of the debate. (Comfort asserted that he would prove God’s existence without mentioning faith or the Bible.) Last, Comfort gave a gospel sermon couched as an argument based on the power of conversion.
On the atheistic side Brian Sapient, spokesman for the Rational Response Side, brushed off the argument design by saying it was “full of holes.” “Who designed the Designer?” he asked. This told me I was watching a debate broadcast for people who have never studied these arguments before, and about thirty seconds later, after Sapient said he had answered all of Comfort’s claims, I stopped watching. The question “who designed the Designer?” is a non sequitur, because it does nothing to negate the initial argument that a Designer can

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.702969
Retrieved Text: A 3-3 draw against Brighton & Hove Albion at the Academy of Light on Saturday saw Sunderland exit the U18 Premier League Cup.
The Black Cats took a 16th minute lead through Ryan Gooch’s long-distance strike, before Cole Kiernan’s double made it three before the break.
The tide turned in the second period as the Seagulls netted three to draw level via Jack Spong and Lorent Tolaj’s brace, ensuring the Black Cats finished third in Group C.
The hosts had to weather the storm in a blustery opening 10 minutes as Brighton started on the front foot - Tolaj forcing Adam Cameron into a one-on-one save after five minutes.
The Lads slowly gained the upper hand however and took the lead in some style as Gooch shifted the ball into a yard of space before firing low into the bottom-left corner from 25 yards.
The Black Cats controlled proceedings after going ahead and limited Brighton’s attacking threat, remaining potent at the other end as Kiernan doubled the advantage on the half-hour mark.
The striker had Ryan Leonard to thank for putting the ball on a plate for him from the right-wing, before he slotted home from close range.
The Seagulls were undeterred however and were left cursing Cameron, who made a fine save from Stefan Vukoje moments before Tolaj went clean through and fired wide.
Sunderland found themselves under immediate pressure in the second 45, and seven minutes into the half Brighton found a way back into the game as Spong rolled into the bottom-left corner from the edge of the area.
The visitors capitalised

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.683624
Retrieved Text: As people who know me would testify without delay, I have been known to react disproportionately to the merest of situations, often triggers which observers would struggle to explain even after detailed analysis. Following an innocuous remark directed my way, my balanced and mature response was a full-on flounce resulting in an unscheduled snooze at a bus-stop in Standish. That happened last year; I was thirty-one years old.
This ‘red mist’ and its responses are analysed by people earning a lot more than I ever will researching what makes the behavioural ‘tick’, mostly in men, which turns frustration into an outburst. Basic, back of the envelope assumption would conclude that there’s a) inability to deal with intense situations brought from childhood onwards, b) a mental imbalance of some kind, or c) a bit from both and more besides. As with all personal problems, from drug addiction to persistent low-level crime, admitting there is something wrong is always considered the first step: from there comes working with others to resolve whatever is curdling the brain.
Critics of David Cameron use the term ‘flashman’ to deride the Prime Minister’s occasional bursts of temper and red-faced snapping. Like many who suffer from this tendency to react badly to pushes and prodding, Cameron looks as though his eyes genuinely do fall behind a cloud of red smoke, and his mind becomes blinkered to exits, alternative options, spaces to breathe. It’s partly the nature of Prime Minister’s Questions, I wager, though it’s clearly part of Cameron’s nature. The “calm down dear” approach to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.588774
Retrieved Text: Derby stunned Fulham with a hard fought victory at home. Cameron Jerome was the match winner for the Rams, heading home his fifth goal in four games.
Fulham had plenty of possession but could not find the killer pass to break down the resilient Derby defence. Fulham’s sideways passing was reminiscent of Manchester United under Louis Van Gaal. Teen sensation Ryan Sessegnon had a night to forget and was subbed off in the 76 minute. The Cottagers will need to improve if they are going to overcome their first leg deficit. Fulham have not won any of their past seven playoff games.
Socceroos skipper Mile Jedinak gave Aston Villa the advantage in their playoff tie against Middlesbrough. The midfielder headed home from a corner to secure the all-important away victory. Villa possessed more quality in attack and almost doubled their lead when Robert Snodgrass hit the woodwork late in the first half. Middlesbrough committed more bodies forward late on in the game but could not create any chances. The two sides will meet again on Wednesday morning.
A superb Jon Nolan volley was the difference in a closely fought contest at The Valley. Both sides looked destined to remain level, before Nolan’s wonder strike gave The Shrews the advantage. Both sides will do battle again on Monday morning.
Scunthorpe and Rotherham played out the most entertaining match in the first week of the playoffs. Jon Taylor put the visitors ahead, before an own goal from Michael Ihiekwe levelled the scores. Substitute Joe Newell took 58 seconds to score and give

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.484549
Retrieved Text: Are you looking forward to knowing the Match & Toss winner of Perth Scorchers vs Hobart Hurricanes, 34th T20 Match? then you are in the right place. Get all the latest stats about the stadium, Dream11 team, toss winner, match winner, pitch & condition etc on Cricket Match Predictions.
Perth Scorchers have won 4 of their last 10 completed T20 matches.
They beat Sydney Sixers in their last match. They bowled well to restrict Sydney Sixers to 177 for 5. They then chased this score down to win the match.
Cameron Bancroft was the top run scorer with 87 off 61 balls. Ashton Turner scored 60 off 30 balls. The next highest score was 22 by Sam Whiteman.
Usman Qadir was their best bowler. He took 1 for 28 off 4.0 overs. Andrew Tye went for 8.25 an over. Cameron Green took 0 wicket and had an economy rate of 10.5.
Hobart Hurricanes have won 7 of their last 10 completed T20 matches.
They beat Melbourne Stars in their last match. They batted first and scored 185 for 2. They then bowled well to restrict Melbourne Stars to 126 for 10 to win the match.
D’Arcy Short was the top run scorer with 96 off 57 balls. Matthew Wade scored 41 off 38 balls. The next highest score was 27 by Ben McDermott.
Riley Meredith was the pick of the bowlers. He took 4 for 21 off 4.0 overs. Jofra Archer also bowled well. He went for 7.26 an over. Johan Botha took 2 wicket and had an economy rate of 5.25.
Perth Scorchers won

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.447937
Retrieved Text: Cameron Clyne is currently the Chairman of Camel Partners, a private advisory firm, and Camel Foundation, which supports education and child health. He is also the Chairman of Rugby Australia and the Chairman of Whitecoat. He is a Director of the Western Sydney University (WSU) Foundation, the Whitlam Institute, Camp Quality, SANZAAR, a Council member of World Rugby and an Adjunct Professor in the Business School of WSU.
From 2009 to 2014 Cameron was Group Chief Executive of the National Australia Bank (NAB) and the Chairman of Clydesdale Bank. Prior to that role he was Chief Executive of the Bank of New Zealand. Prior to joining the NAB Group was a Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers specializing in Financial Services and worked in their Sydney, Melbourne, New York and San Francisco offices.
Steve Pell: Cameron, tell me at a personal level, what are your major reasons for supporting a Republic?
Cameron Clyne: Well, I think obviously it’s always the desire that the head of state should be a native of our country. But I guess the more important reason to me is an economic one. I think for something really to resonate it's got to actually improve the state of the nation. And I do have a view that in fact becoming a Republic actually is quite important economically for Australia.
Steve Pell: Let's jump into that. Talk me through the mechanics of how you see the economic impact?
Cameron Clyne: Well I look at it from this perspective. Australia is a middle power. We need alliances to succeed in the world. And

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.419912
Retrieved Text: Despite only having two days to prepare for the game, Baird still managed to bring in two new players; centre-back Jake Darnell, who started the match, and midfielder Simon Williams, who came off the bench.
The game also saw the return of defender Ryan Vaughan as Baird was able to name a fairly experienced starting XI.
It was a credit to both sides that they put on a performance as the heavy rain, strong wind– and even lightning – lasted the full 90 minutes.
Playing into the wind in the first half, the Mechanics made a decent start and had the first real chance in the 20th minute as Callum Gellatly just failed to connect with a cross.
Four minutes later and Mike Hall’s 30-yard free-kick was turned around the post for a corner by Lee Carr.
AFC Liverpool, however, took the lead as half-time approached with Andrew Lewis turning home Ben Lightfoot’s through ball.
With the wind at their backs in the second half, the home side went in search of an equaliser.
As the weather worsened, the score still remained 1-0 before the Merseysiders scored their second with a minute left as Andrew Lyons curled the ball around Alex Cameron.
AFC are back in action on Saturday as they host Ashton Town (3pm).
AFC Blackpool: Cameron, Betteridge, Caunce, Darnell, Hall, Bishop, Fishwick, Gellatly, Pickering, Vaughan, Duffield. Subs: Donaghy, Williams, Bradley.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.303944
Retrieved Text: Cameron Pond was the custom build neighborhood impacted by the 540 on the West part of Cary. When the road was under construction sales took a down turn over there. However, since the road is finished and people can check the noise as well as how busy is the 540. It seems that the neighborhood is in full expansion. People are buying homes that back up the 540 and those homes are not small town homes, big custom mansions located on the 540. Cameron has also another issue with gigantic power pole above the common pool. Guess what, West Cary is so much hype that people does not care in the current environment.
I do not have a crystal ball and cannot say what will be the impact of the 540 on Woodcreek. by the way, if someone argues that she/he has a crystal ball run from her/him . If the impact is the same as the one observed at Cameron Pond, you should be ok with it. If I had to buy a home that backs up 540 I will check the price difference on homes in Cameron Pond based on their distance from the 540 to see if there is a discount that applies or not. Check also the time on market to see if there is any impact based on such a location.
At the end, it is a matter of price and preferences.
In terms of the school assignments, there is a draft out there of the proposed changes next year because of OakView Elementary

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.279705
Retrieved Text: Nick Clegg, David Cameron and Gordon Brown took part in leaders' debates in 2010.
ADAM Boulton’s campaign for public debate between party leaders prior to a General Election deserves support (The Yorkshire Post, September 27).
Mr Boulton answered a number of familiar objections to holding such discussions. His reply to the argument that Prime Minister’s Questions already serves the purpose was, if anything, understated.
These occasional visits to Parliament on Wednesdays might justifiably be renamed ‘Thirty Minutes of Evasion, Trivia and Irrelevance’.
However, the broadcaster’s case for democratic debate would be strengthened by an alteration to the approach of his employer.
At one time, his programme permitted viewers to challenge the politicians and alleged experts appearing on it. They were even able to speak on the programme by telephone. No longer. Instead, viewers watch and listen passively to the experts and career politicians.
Perhaps – in addition to his national campaign to extend democratic debate in respect of General Elections – Adam Boulton could persuade Sky News again to include members of the public in discussions about current affairs? When people have seen their views ignored for five years, why would they suddenly rush to a ballot box?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.243229
Retrieved Text: Mr Johnson warned that the country must be ready to "walk away" from Europe if David Cameron failed to negotiate better terms of membership.
Boris' line will probably convince maybe a few Tories to remain put, but it won't work for everyone else. Our EU membership has been based on lie and so has the Tory party's position on it. It was entirely inevitable that the more the EU would reveal itself the less convincing the Tory party would be.
It’s ridiculous to believe that the Conservatives can solve their current problems with a face lift and putting on a set of clothes that don’t fit. I’d say there’s more to it than getting rid of Cameron, but as for having him pose with a pint and a fag……..
For years they’ve dealt with the problem of the EU with a glorious and totally dishonest fudge and kept the party together by painting a picture of a completely unattainable halfway position.
Now they’re coming to the point where they can’t fudge the issue any more and they have to say whether they are in favour of in or out. Declaring one way or the other will see the party split, continuing to fudge will see support drift away.
When you try to deceive others you only end up deceiving yourself.
*I expect News International won't take too kindly to me publishing without permission a Times' article, so enjoy it while it lasts.
The pro-EU lobby are down to one argument: the UK will not have the size or influence to survive in the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.194408
Retrieved Text: Clean Coalition Outreach Director, John Bernhardt, and Cameron Brooks of E9 Insight presented on the growing role of and interest in Distribution Resources Planning in a webinar that took place on May 17, 2018.
The nature of how we generate, manage, and deliver energy is quickly changing. Distributed energy resources (DER) — such as local renewables, energy storage, and demand response — offer a suite of valuable services to the grid, such as flexible loads, dispatchable storage and generation, and local voltage support. Increased deployment of DER, by customers and utilities, is making distribution grids centers of innovation and investment on both sides of the customer meter. However, traditional utility planning processes were not designed to account for the increasingly dynamic nature of distribution grids, two-way power flows, and utilization of DER. Therefore, new distribution grid planning processes are necessary.
Go here for more information on Distribution Resources Planning.
John Bernhardt is Outreach Director for the Clean Coalition. He has spent more than a decade working on energy and environmental policy. In particular, he brings extensive knowledge of the evolving electric utility sector, with a focus on forward-looking utility programs that effectively capture the benefit of distributed energy resources for system-wide benefit. He has consulted with numerous electric utilities across the country, and his writings on the electricity sector have been featured in a variety of media outlets, including Forbes, National Geographic, and the Los Angeles Times.
Cameron Brooks is the Founder and President of E9 Energy Insight. He also serves as President of Tolerable Planet Enterprises, an advisory firm

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.153864
Retrieved Text: The Conservative civil war over Europe has deepened amid clashes over the government's handling of the NHS and claims that David Cameron is ignoring Eurosceptic ministers.
Vote Leave, the Brexit campaign group led by Michael Gove, said the NHS had "plummeted into financial crisis" under Jeremy Hunt and accused the Health Secretary of "scaremongering" over the risk of leaving the EU.
It came as a senior Government source told the Daily Telegraph that David Cameron now refuses to acknowledge his ministers who back Brexit.
The source said that Mr Cameron refuses to make eye contact with Eurosceptic ministers and ignores them when they pass in corridors. Downing Street denied the accusation.
In a further sign of the growing divisions within the Tory party, a "Downing Street insider" was quoted comparing eurosceptics to Isil over their apparent refusal to negotiate.
Earlier this year the Prime Minister lifted "collective responsibility" rules for members of the Government, meaning that they are able to campaign on both sides of the EU argument.
Mr Cameron warned ministers on opposite sides to treat each other with "respect and courtesy", but the campaign has been marked by a series of unseemly spats which have divided the party.
A source said: "It has got pretty bad. David doesn't even make eye contact when he passes the eurosceptics in the corridor. It's like school when you annoy the popular crowd. But I suppose that's all he knows so it is to be expected.
"I don't think he realises the damage he's doing to the party though. Whatever happens in the referendum, he is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.035969
Retrieved Text: Andrew Lloyd Webber falls out with Cameron Mackintosh over axed Nancy hopeful Rachel Tucker.
Andrew Lloyd Webber and Cameron Mackintosh had a furious bust-up after Rachel Tucker was voted off I'd Do Anything last weekend.
Lloyd Webber chose to keep Samantha Barks over Tucker when the pair were voted into the bottom two in the semi-final.
Andrew's fellow judge Cameron, who is funding the production of Oliver! in the West End, was unhappy with the decision and lost his temper behind the scenes.
A source told The Sun: "It was a terrible row. They were screaming at each other."
Andrew confirmed: "The fact is Cameron wanted Rachel to stay. He wanted Rachel and Samantha in the final from the beginning of the series. Rachel did a fantastic performance but I had to face up to the fact that she wouldn't have gone any further.
"What I may think professionally is sometimes different to what the public want. I saved Rachel three times and she still ended up in the bottom two."
Speaking about the argument, he added: "It’s all sorted out now. Things just got rather heated. I'm aware that I have to do the best for somebody else and it's difficult."
Barks will compete alongside Jessie Buckley and Jodie Prenger in tonight's final. The winner will play the part of Nancy in the West End show.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.005474
Retrieved Text: David Cameron and Valdis Dombrovskis. Photo by Valsts Kanceleja.
RIGA - Today, visiting British Prime Minister David Cameron met with Latvian Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis (Unity), expressing support for Latvia's OECD membership.
Great Britain's support is very important, taking into account that the OECD will decide on its expansion in the nearest future, Dombrovskis told reporters after the meeting.
The officials discussed bilateral cooperation, lauding political cooperation and emphasizing the necessity of deepening economic cooperation by developing cooperation in trade and investments.
Dombrovskis also presented Latvia as an excellent country for investments.
In regard to the Northern Distribution Network, Dombrovskis emphasized that Great Britain is one of the countries that uses Latvia's services. The sides agreed that it is necessary to develop reverse cargo transportation and discuss the route's commercialization.
Both countries have common interests and Latvian-British relations can be expanded, emphasized Cameron. Cameron admitted that Dombrovskis’ achievements in developing Latvia's economy are impressive.
As reported, Cameron arrived in Riga yesterday evening to participate in Northern Future Forum.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.985136
Retrieved Text: Photo by shaun wongThere is small argument that James Cameron is regarded as the best minds, if not the best, behind the lens in Hollywood now. It seems that every movie Cameron comes out with is revolutionary in its own technique. He is not scared to break new barriers and try points that have not been tried before.
This post might highlight what I consider to function as the biggest functions, we because moviegoers, have been presented by the desirable James Cameron.
One film that need to be discussed when chatting about James Cameron movies is the 1986 sequel, Aliens. This movie is rated found on the Internet Movie Database as the amount 54 movie of all time, and with advantageous cause. Cameron did this franchise justice.
Simply place, True Lies is regarded as the best action movies of all time. This movie is adrenaline overload. It has it all. Snowmobiles, fighter jets, horses bouncing over buildings, motorcycle chases within a building and naturally, the tango.
Another amazing James Cameron movie is Titanic. Aside from its financial successes, this film had some revolutionary CGI in it. The 1 scene in specific that comes to mind is the piece where the boat is confronted appropriate side up and everyone is dropping off. This really is computer animated, but it’s difficult to tell.
Of course, no list of Cameron movies will be complete without mentioning his true masterpiece, Avatar. This really is because wise because action and adventure movies is. Avatar was completely revolutionary in a lot of techniques, and it came as

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.761225
Retrieved Text: This is the tale of the man Who heard a word in the night In the land of the heathery hills, In the days of the feud and the fight. By the sides of the rainy sea, Where never a stranger came, On the awful lips of the dead, He heard the outlandish name. It sang in his sleeping ears, It hummed in his waking head: The name–Ticonderoga, The utterance of the dead.
On the loch-sides of Appin, When the mist blew from the sea, A Stewart stood with a Cameron: An angry man was he. The blood beat in his ears, The blood ran hot to his head, The mist blew from the sea, And there was the Cameron dead. “O, what have I done to my friend, O, what have I done to mysel’, That he should be cold and dead, And I in the danger of all?
But this was a man of counsel, This was a man of a score, There dwelt no pawkier Stewart In Appin or Mamore. He looked on the blowing mist, He looked on the awful dead, And there came a smile on his face And there slipped a thought in his head.
Out over cairn and moss, Out over scrog and scaur, He ran as runs the clansman That bears the cross of war. His heart beat in his body, His hair clove to his face, When he came at last in the gloaming To the dead man’s brother’s place. The east was white with the moon, The west with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.676207
Retrieved Text: Can Nick Clegg sing the blues?
Is Cameron a Heath or a Thatcher?
Climate change has mutated from a debate into a catechism. With so much at stake, says Fraser Nelson, can we afford to dispense with rational argument?
Osborne must address the doubts the City has about his economic credentials.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.641432
Retrieved Text: EU referendum: does the question really matter?
Is David Cameron trying to pull a fast one? We now know the wording he wants for his in-out referendum on British membership of the EU. It could scarcely be simpler: “Should the UK remain a member of the European Union?” We shall be asked to vote “yes” or “no”.
Let’s leave aside our views about how much we like Cameron, Farage or Brussels. Objectively, does Ukip’s leader have a point? After all, psychologists say that people prefer to say “yes” rather than “no”; and we pollsters generally avoid “yes/no” answer options when testing people’s attitudes. We normally ask whether respondents agree or disagree with a proposition, or whether they support or oppose a policy idea.
A referendum, however, is not like a polling question, asked out of the blue. Voting comes at the end of a campaign in which both sides have the chance to make their case. By referendum day, people generally know which side they are on. It seems unlikely that the precise form of words on the ballot paper makes much difference.
Indeed, that is the lesson from the five major yes/no referendums in the UK over the past four decades. Here are the questions asked, and the results.
In only one referendum has there been a decisive “yes” majority—the vote 40 years ago to stay in the Common Market (as it then was). In three, “no” clearly won; and in the 1979 Scottish referendum, the “yes” vote won narrowly, but did not secure enough support for devolution to go

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.575157
Retrieved Text: LONDON (REUTERS) - Britain will not hold a second referendum on its membership of the European Union if the result of a June 23 vote is close, Prime Minister David Cameron said on Tuesday.
With just over five weeks to go until Britain's EU referendum, opinion polls are giving contradictory indications about the likely outcome of the referendum but some suggest the result will be on a knife-edge.
The leader of the anti-EU UK Independence Party, Nigel Farage, said in a newspaper interview published on Tuesday that if the result was as close as 52-48 per cent for "In", the debate would be "unfinished business".
"If the remain campaign win two-thirds to one-third that ends it," he told the Daily Mirror.
Asked by a reporter about the comments, Cameron said it showed the "Out" campaign was losing.
"I think when people start arguing for a second referendum before you've even had the first one, I think that clearly demonstrates that you are losing the argument," Cameron told an event hosted by the World Economic Forum.
"I am absolutely clear, a referendum is a referendum, it's a once in a generation, once in a lifetime opportunity and the result determines the outcome... You can't have neverendums, you have referendums."

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.553028
Retrieved Text: With every mass shooting, the debate over gun control grows more intense. Is there a pathway to a solution that will preserve gun rights, but also stop the carnage?
In this edition of Northwest Now, we take closer look at gun control and the recent executive action President Obama took on the issue. We’ll also hear both sides of the argument from organizations like Washington CeaseFire, and Washington Arms Collectors. Plus, we’ll visit a local family who lost both of their adult children in a tragic shooting incident last summer.
Northwest Now is a weekly public affairs program that you can watch every Friday evenings at 7:30 p.m. on KBTC.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.510054
Retrieved Text: Comments: Excellent debate by both sides! I thought each speech improved on the last, my vote changing with each speech. Both sides did excellent work organizing your speech, establishing your argument and refuting the claims of the other side.
I vote affirmative because the proposition demonstrates that first, dolphins are worthy of being treated humanely and they are currently not in status quo hunting practices. The negative does not end with any compelling reason why we shouldn't treat dolphins this way, in fact arguing a different mechanism to protect them. Second, the affirmative wins that there is no compelling reason to prefer the negative mechanism of an import ban over the U.N. resolution and possible use of economic sanctions. While hypocrisy could be a persuasive argument, not enough time was spent developing this claim. I would recommend abandoning the arguments about humane treatment (by the opposition) and spend more time developing your counter plan net benefit of hypocrisy. Again, outstanding debate by both sides! Excellent debate by both sides! I thought each speech improved on the last, my vote changing with each speech. Both sides did excellent work organizing your speech, establishing your argument and refuting the claims of the other side.
I vote affirmative because the proposition demonstrates that first, dolphins are worthy of being treated humanely and they are currently not in status quo hunting practices. The negative does not end with any compelling reason why we shouldn't treat dolphins this way, in fact arguing a different mechanism to protect them. Second, the affirmative wins that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.434895
Retrieved Text: A 25-year-old Indiana woman has told of the terrifying moment her boyfriend allegedly tried to rip her tongue out with his bare hands.
Carleigh Hager was taken to hospital with a long list of horrific injuries, including a partially ripped tongue, bleeding on her brain, 20 bite marks across her body and a quarter-sized open wound on her face, after a brutal attack.
Her family say her now former live-in boyfriend, 26-year-old Ryan Cameron, savagely beat the woman Saturday night, strangled her, bashed her head against a door frame and attempted to bite off the tip off her nose and ear.
Police responded to the couple's home in the 2300 block of Hanover Drive in Indianapolis just after midnight Sunday and arrested Cameron on preliminary charges of battery and strangulation.
He was being held at Marion County Jail awaiting his initial court appearance, which was scheduled for Wednesday, reported the Indianapolis Star.
Hager's loved ones first shared her story on GoFundMe.com Tuesday as part of an effort to raise money to cover her mounting medical expenses.
Graphic images posted on the site show a badly bruised Ms Hager lying in a hospital bed wearing a neck brace. The woman’s face and neck are covered in what looks like scratches, and there is a chunk of flesh missing right above her left eye.
According to the description of the fundraiser, the incident that led to Hager’s hospitalization took place Saturday night after she and Ryan Cameron had returned home from a wedding with friends.
Hager told reporters an argument ensued, which turned physical, and he

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.394827
Retrieved Text: The two Commonwealth Prime Ministers took advantage of the sensational Sydney weather, touring Circular Quay and the Opera House in the early hours of the morning.
British Prime Minister David Cameron and Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott took a stroll around the harbour foreshore, taking in the sights around Cockle Bay.
“I’ve never been to Sydney before. You’ve laid on some un-English weather for me,” Cameron said.
The two political dignitaries were accompanied by more than a dozen security personal.
Following their walk, Cameron and Abbott continued their conversation over a business breakfast.
Cameron is set to address the Australian Parliament later today and will also pay a visit to the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
The two leaders will attend the G20 Summit in Brisbane over the weekend.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.365662
Retrieved Text: Prime Minister David Cameron warned this weekend leaving the EU would make it harder for young people to realise their dreams – in an exclusive article for The Tab.
“I know lots of people feel confused: blinded by statistics, bored of the claims and counter-claims. Today I want to cut through the confusion and make the clear case for why Tab readers should vote to remain.
Cameron, whose Conservative party are split on the referendum, implored young people to register to vote by Tuesday and laid out his argument for the benefits of staying in the EU. He said our access to the Single Market was one of the reasons the country was thriving.
He also claimed vice chancellors say it’s vital to remain in. Some universities have come under fire for using their position to influence how students vote, despite rules saying they should remain neutral. Exeter, Oxford and Warwick have all sent private emails to students informing them why they should vote to remain.
The Vote Leave campaign – who Cameron has accused of being “reckless” – claim staying in the EU will make it harder for young people to buy their first home as housing prices get pushed up. Tory minister Liam Fox said immigration creates a housing shortage and raises cost of renting, meaning students would be living at home with the parents for longer after uni.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.36374
Retrieved Text: Skanska is providing construction management at risk services for this 950,000-SF corporate campus headquarters facility located on 12 acres in Cameron Hill. Four of the office buildings will have five floors, approximately 200,000 square feet each, and will house employee offices and daily operations. The fifth building, consisting of four levels and located on the west side of Cameron Hill, provides a nucleus for the campus and includes amenities such as a large dining facility and training and conference rooms. Additionally, the project includes a 4,500-space parking deck built into the southwest and south sides of Cameron Hill.
To construct these buildings, 1,428,165 pounds of structural steel will be used. 55,000 cubic yards of cast in place concrete in elevated building structures will be used. A new parking garage measuring 1, 411,727-SF will consist of 3,929 parking spaces. In addition, 23 miles of cable rails will be used in the parking garage.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.36329
Retrieved Text: Saturday 6 April 2019, Moss Rose, League 2, 3pm.
Roche Mills Lavelle Old Conlan Fleming Wildig Mandeville Mingoia Collins Ellison subs used Bennett for Wildig 76, Cranston for Mingoia 83.
Macc- O’Hara Fitzpatrick Kelleher Cameron Jules Pearson Durrell Rose Cole Wilson Stephens subs used Smith frorWilson 64, Whittaker for Rose 68, Martis for Cole 89.
Ref A Garratt – let the game flow, a little lenient with flying tackles for both sides.
Weather – clear, chilly but very sunny, pitch was in decent nick for this time of the season.
With the home side cast adrift ten points behind us with a game in hand, it was important to both sides to win but not lose, so perhaps no surprise we ended up 1-1. Some neat play in the opening minutes from the Shrimps set the pattern as they kept the ball well and were patient in their approach. Mandeville danced past three down the left, his shot being fortunately deflected for a corner by Cameron, who knew nothing about it. This lead to a Mills shot which didn’t trouble O’Hara. However within a minute we had opened our account. A free kick from Mingoia was head back across goal by Old and of all people Zak Mills headed powerfully unmarked past the keeper to score his first ever Shrimps goal.
Our supposed dominance was given a short sharp shock just six minuted later, after more pressure from us, Macc smuggled the ball out to Rose whose cross field pass was knocked in first time by Stephens to Wilson who helped it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.333708
Retrieved Text: Cameron - Popularity of Cameron, How Popular Is the name Cameron?
Ranking 60th in popularity in the United States for boys in 2017, the name Cameron is popular.
Its highest popularity ranking of #31 was reached in 2000 with 12,761 occurrences.
In any year, the least number of babies named Cameron was less than 5, most recently in 1904.
Approximately during the years 1909-1916, 1917-1920, 1940-1943, 1944-1949, 1950-1957, 1958-1962, 1971-1975, 1977-1990, and 1994-2000, the name Cameron took a definitive turn upwards in popularity whereas unequivocal downward movement occurred about 1922-1925, 1930-1933, 2000-2004, 2006-2009, and 2014-2016.
How popular will Cameron be?
For a number of years, the name Cameron has been moving downward in popularity. Of late, continuing the trend, the number of parents selecting the name Cameron for their newborn has dropped.
The name Cameron is favored by many parents but will probably continue to drift downward in popularity.

================



======= Instance Index 9839 =========
Input Text: Context: Jesse likes to trick people.

Question: Why did Jesse do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Trick him back

B: wanted to be Lee's true friend

C: wanted to have Lee trust them

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.17535
Retrieved Text: The website DVD Talk has published a review for “Jesse Stone: Thin Ice”. The tv film will be released on June 16, 2009.
In the “Jesse Stone” films with Tom Selleck, William Sadler plays Gino Fish.
Perhaps the best Jesse Stone so far, Jesse Stone: Thin Ice expertly creates tension not only from its intricate, multi-layered plot, but also from its tension-grounded characterizations. It’s an exciting, suspenseful film trapped inside a melancholic, morbid, emotionally-shaky drama, and that’s a neat trick. Selleck is letter-perfect as the troubled, self-destructive Stone; he just keeps getting better and better. These Jesse Stone films are about as good as it gets for made-for-TV films; they stack up with anything you can find in the theatres, and I eagerly await the next installment. I high, highly recommend Jesse Stone: Thin Ice.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.160448
Retrieved Text: All this changes, however, when he is asked by a Neanderthal-like football player, Ken Foster, to make Bridget Smalley want to go out with him. Jesse succeeds as always, but finds, in the process of investigating what Bridget is like and what might impress her (to tell Ken), he actually gets to like Bridget a lot himself.
Inadvertently, Jesse is changed by her. He gets to know Bridget’s brother Pete, who has cerebral palsy, and treats him just like he treats everyone else, which is to say, like a jerk. But Pete loves him for that, and Jesse actually gets to appreciate Pete’s company. Jesse also “adopts” a “grandfather” at the nursing home, so he can impress Bridget in that way also, but finds he comes to be quite attached to Mr. Dunkelman. Jesse also finds himself helping out people who have nothing to trade, just because Bridget likes them.
In short, Jesse’s soul of ice is starting to thaw. But now Bridget is dating Ken, and Ken has threatened to rip Jesse apart if he ever comes near Bridget. Worse yet, when confronted by Ken, Jesse denies he likes either Bridget or Pete, and Pete overhears this as well as the nature of the scheme that hooked up Ken with Bridget in the first place. It looks like Jesse’s “dynasty” is going to come apart, and he is about to lose everything: not only his “sway,” but what has come to be even more important to him: friendship, goodness, and redemption.
Evaluation: I didn’t expect to like this;

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.95203
Retrieved Text: Said to be one of the most exciting prospects on the British blues scene today, The Black Circles have a big and energetic sound that is packed with attitude. Guitarist & vocalist Sam Bratley is an innovative and exciting British guitarist and has been compared to the likes of, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Buddy Guy, Albert & Freddie King. Having played guitar since the age of 7, Sam's playing has developed into a mature and personal style. The combination of his playing and unique tone have seen him complimented by influential guitarists such as Jesse Davey (The Hoax) & Coco Montoya. Sam was asked to perform on Jesse Davey's 2016 album "Big Blues" which featured a variety of artists including Ian Siegal, Pete Gage, Ash Wilson, Scott Mckeon.With the release of their debut album 'Undone', The Black Circles made their mark quickly on the British blues scene receiving stunning reviews from the likes of 'The Blues Magazine' & 'Blues & Soul Magazine'. The album was produced by Phil Wilson, mastered by Jesse Davey (The Hoax) and features Jesse Davey on keyboard/Hammond organ and Cat Fullbrook on backing vocals.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.920738
Retrieved Text: "Extra" host Maria Menounos joined forces with YouTube's biggest pranking couple, Jesse and Jeana, better known as Prank vs. Prank, to trick fellow host Mario Lopez in NYC.
See what happened right after the prank, and hear Jesse and Jeana talk about how their pranking relationship started!
To find out more, subscribe to PrankvsPrank and BFvsGF on YouTube.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.902798
Retrieved Text: Living… on a farm in a small rural town. Jesse’s family struggles to pay the bills, and his weekends are usually spent doing chores around the house. His father, who works at a hardware store, favors Jesse’s sisters, all of whom treat Jesse with disdain – except his little sister May Belle, who adores him.
Profession… student.At ten years of age, Jesse cares most about drawing and the big race each day at recess. Jesse is furious with his mother when she throws away his old taped-up sneakers and gives him pink hand-me-downs from his sisters.
Interests… drawing and music. Though he mainly likes music for his attractive young teacher, Mrs. Edmunds.
Challenge… fitting in. Jesse is a loner, and those who do interact with him torment him relentlessly. Eighth graders in the back of the school bus, led by the bully Janice Avery, pelt him with bread and jeer him…”Farmer boy!” During the school day, he constantly sets off his classmates’ radar-like “loser detector.” Thankfully, he has Leslie as his friend.
Personality… creative and introverted. Jesse is a talented artist, but bottles up his creativity along with the rest of his emotions because of the way he is treated by his peers and father. He ends up investing emotionally in Leslie because she is one of the only people that nourishes his artistic impulses and accepts him for who he is.
Jesse Aarons's popularity ranking on CharacTour is #1449 out of 5,000+ characters. See our top-ranked characters and read their profiles.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.82387
Retrieved Text: Richey (L) introduces resolutions to ratify.
Ian (CC) Brings up issue of personal conflict among a specific house, brings forth idea of notifying other houses on banned members.
Jesse (JS) Details example from last year, says that definitions are unclear, and w/o due process or time frame. Subverts consensus process and house autonomy.
Chris (CC) Agrees with Jesse and Ian; likes idea of circulating reasons for banning. Doesn’t agree with idea of banning at all.
Richey (L)- Likes Ian’s idea of communication; says idea of communication needs to be addressed, but not formally.
Hollis (JS) – Wonders if harassment might be more appropriate to deal with this.
Richey (L) introduces and explains it.
Chris- (CC) - Speaks for the proposal, using many four-letter words.
Melanie- Brings about legality of eliminating position.
Elizabeth (JS)- Says duties aren’t lacking, it is individuals.
Richey (L) – Proposes eliminating CAR and dropping job to 2.
Hollis (JS) – Has been CAR, thinks points should be 3.
Alice (CC) – Thinks 3 is good.
Eric (JS) – Reminds people that anyone can attend or proxy to a board meeting.
Elizabeth (JS) – Mortgage is an eventuality, not a plan.
Alice (JS) – Agrees with idea of continuity. What if they have a kid, etc.
Cole (?) – Decision should be made at time.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.680038
Retrieved Text: 1.2 How to get Unlimited Instagram likes Using HublaaGram?
If you’re an Instagram fan, then you’re awesome. Instagram is one of the most popular social media giants in the world which is often used for sharing images with your friends. You may be sharing many images wit your friends because that’s Instagram is all about but why you share the images? To get likes right. Anyone needs more and more likes to their images.
It sounds good but getting likes on Instagram is a very tough task. Because to get more likes you need more followers and that itself is not easy as a cake walk, attracting followers is exhausting. It takes a lot of time and attracting people on Instagram is not everyone’s cup of tea.
So, in today’s article, I’m going to tell you that how you can get unlimited likes on your Instagram images by adding numerous followers. Moreover, this trick is very simple because the method doesn’t involve any Application. Actually, we’re going to use a website for this called Hublagram. Also, there is an App called OGInsta which is to good, it doesn’t gives you unlimited likes but it is some awesome features which the stock Instagram fails to provides you because of some restrictions.
You may be wondering the about the same trick which actually used an Application, but the fact is that the Application is not working anymore. That’s the reason we have switched to a website as a method. I have also noticed one thing that the trick using website becomes very

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.573006
Retrieved Text: Based on data gathered in 2016 we made modifications to our annual Valentine's Day strategy for Bloom by Doyle's.
The results were TREMENDOUS. We doubled our reach from the previous year by simply adding the dynamic of couples vs. a single female model in the campaign. The two main images from the campaign reached almost 20,000 people for $30 in Facebook ads.
In addition to wedding booking inquiries & increased flower sales, we also increased their FB page audience by an average of 7 likes per day (almost 200 likes) over the 4 week campaign cycle.
This post had $15 in ad spend. We chose 5 couples from the comments to model for us.
FB ENGAGEMENT: 90 likes, 114 comments & 18 shares reaching over 9k people in a week.
One of the couples, Jesse & Mercy Connors became our featured couple. We used them for the cover photo, profile pic & giveaway image. Their photo also received a $15 ad spend for a total of $30 spent on FB ads.
FB ENGAGEMENT: 235 comments, 205 likes & 24 shares reaching over 10k in a week.
After the giveaway we scheduled posts to promote the other flower arrangement available for Valentine's Day.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.250225
Retrieved Text: Meet the art group dedicated to depicting New York in all its glory.
You’ll find Draftsmen’s Congress on the fourth floor of New York’s New Museum. Conceived by experimental Polish artist Paweł Althamer, the collaborative exhibit was a white space that visitors have slowly but surely covered with drawings and paintings.
Local art group Central Park Sketching was recently asked to leave its mark on the installation, and duly obliged.
Tom Kovalski, with Jesse Richards assisting, founded the group in 2007. Jesse has since taken over organising duties, but its original ethos remains: to provide artists – whether absolute beginner or distinguished pro – a place to draw regularly, inexpensively and without pressure.
There are no formal critiques. Just an informal "atmosphere of mutual appreciation," Jesse says. "People talk. Share ideas. Make friends. Feel like they’re part of something.
Draftsmen’s Congress: an installation by Polish artist Paweł Althamer, at New York’s New Museum.
"I find artists are extremely shy and nervous and embarrassed about the quality of their work," the organiser explains. "It's irrational, and its causes are fascinating to ruminate on. But, on a practical level, it prevents many people from attending anything.
"A lot of my time is spent reassuring people that we are a non-judgemental community, and that no one minds if they are the worst artists in the world – and that the concept of best or worst in expressive art doesn't even make any sense."
The members of Central Park Sketching jumped at the chance to pay a visit to Draftsmen’s Congress.
Jesse is passionate about New York City and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.197554
Retrieved Text: My kids had the best time trick or treating for Halloween. The only part they enjoyed more was giving out the candy once we got home.
Bailey (a girl, 5) was a Rose (just a regular pink rose at first, but by the time Halloween came, she was the Rose from the “Little Prince” by Antoine de Saint Exupéry with four thorns and all). Luckily for her, my mom (Nana) can sew and she made the costume. Jesse (a boy, 3) was Spiderman. Lots of fake muscles. He was so happy.
Bailey’s flower head kept falling off, so she decided to not wear it and just be a rosebud (i.e., she doesn’t have a flower because her head hasn’t bloomed yet). She’d say “Trick or treat. I’m a rose!”). By the end of trick or treating, she’d taken off her leaves because she was too hot. Then, she said she was just a plant.
Jesse was really sweating in his Spiderman mask, so I convinced him that he would still be Spiderman without it.
They had more fun giving out the candy when we got home than getting it.
Bailey’s finally born at 3:43 a.m.
We’re all tired but happy.
Nov. 2, 1998 — I heard baby’s heartbeat for the first time.
Dec. 1, 1998 — Brook heard the baby’s heartbeat for the first time.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.046755
Retrieved Text: All pups have gone to their new homes! :-) Todd.
1. Chickadee (Girl) "Dee Dee"
Friend and neighbor Shirley with Dove, 7 wks.
To sleep, per chance to dream.... of pheasants!!!
Friend Shirley with Eagle at 3 weeks old.
We are no longer accepting deposits. You can be added to our waiting list if you request.
Sari with Jesse and a couple of Montana roosters he pointed and fetched.
CH Warbonnet's Wild Wild West JH, RN "Jesse" - Also: NADAC agility titles: NAC, TN-N, TG-N, HP-N. Whelped: 12/18/04. OFA Good, Elbows: normal. OFA #: BS-13666G27M-PI. By DC Wyngold's Tough To Touch x CH Wyngold Wyndy Warbonnet, bred by us (Todd & Jan Breitenfeldt) out of Wyndy and Redd. Jesse is a happy, full of energy, typey, classy looking dog with great motion and bone who's tail is always up. He likes the show ring! Definitely the dominant pup of his litter, yet a real easy going all-a-round-nice-guy type. "Every one likes Jess and he likes everyone!" He has real good intensity on birds, is great with pheasants, and is a gun dog range working dog. He is part of the family and is doing hunting, field trials, hunt tests, shows, rally and agility. Jesse earned his show (conformation) championship in May, 2006 at 17 months of age with four majors (1. Helena, MT, 2. Portland, OR on a Brittany specialty weekend, 3. & 4. Spokane, WA May, 2006) in 14 shows. He also has his Junior Hunter hunt test title. He has 2 field trial puppy placements and is doing the most important

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.94531
Retrieved Text: A VISIBLY relaxed England squad enjoyed a fun training session ahead of their quarter-final on Saturday - with boss Gareth Southgate getting right in the thick of it.
The Three Lions chief opted to put down the clipboard and show the boys how it's really done - or try to.
Southgate ended up being stuck in the middle of a rondo, as he helplessly chased the ball around from the likes of Kyle Walker and Raheem Sterling.
Trent Alexander-Arnold and Jesse Lingard enjoyed a laugh in the corridor too, before Walker and Dele Alli were seen enjoying a bit of play-fighting as the players strolled out to the training pitch.
The mood reflected the camaraderie Southgate has instilled in his young Lions at this tournament which has been evident in their hard-fought victories.
Nevertheless, it was a relief to see the squad in such good spirits after somehow containing their emotions during a testing last-16 clash against Colombia, who used every dirty trick in the book in an attempt to rile up Southgate's men.
Today, John Stones called Colombia "the dirtiest team I've ever played", while adding: "At the end of the day they're on a plane home and we're still here."
Ahead of the session, it was good news for England as Harry Kane was seen suiting up for training having quickly recovered from a minor injury sustained against the physical South Americans.
Was hidden water bottle key to penalty save by Jordan Pickford in England's World Cup victory over Colombia?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.822721
Retrieved Text: The simplicity of the America's Next Top Pro Model disciplines may prove to be Jesse Burtner's undoing. As one of the patriarchs of snowboarding's newschool board control movement, Jesse has mentored the likes of Gus Engle, Sean Genovese, Scott Stevens and Johnny Miller. Yet doing one-footers in the high ollie event won't cut it when the competition is doing three footers, but Burtner's bound to step it up regardless.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.616936
Retrieved Text: Get to know the stars. Our﻿ tal﻿ented, beautiful and amazing herd of Therapists. We are so lucky these very special horses call LifeStriders their home.
Almar was born in 1992. He is a Icelandic Gelding. Almar came to LifeStriders in June of 2013, and warmed everyone’s hearts very quickly. He is smart, very kind and very patient. He was the horse of a teen girl in the north woods of Wisconsin where he encountered bears and all kinds of other challenges. Almar likes being scratched on his neck and shoulders, and will point with his nose to his itchy spots to remind you gently, to get back to scratching him. Almar's mane and forelock is a constant subject around the barn, what, or who, does it remind you of today.
Alterra was born in 2000. She is a Paint Mare. Alterra came to LifeStriders in July of 2013. Before Alterra came to LifeStriders, she was trained for English riding, and had done some showing with her owner and her owner’s son when he was young as well. Alterra had even done some cart work for the Amish before that at, a very young age. Alterra is a very gentle and sweet mare with wonderful ground manners and is wooing many people with her big soft brown eyes. Alterra has a great size and is very responsive to the rider’s cues, building confidence for her riders in their abilities, and making her very versatile for many different riders. Alterra tries very hard to please her handlers and is very

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.524092
Retrieved Text: Last week, Fox News’ Jesse Watters did an extremely racist, xenophobic, stereotypical and, frankly, gross segment during the O’Reilly Factor, titled “Watters’ World,” in which he went to Chinatown in New York.
He preceded to ask outdated questions to people of Asian descent, like “can you do karate?”, and put sound effects and clips between their answers, which made them appear as stupid, uninformed props in his game.
Outrage ensued, the story gained publicity (something Watters was probably happy about) and Bill O’Reilly, being the class act he always is, said he was “proud” of Watters and called it satire.
Isn’t satire supposed to be funny, though? I wasn’t laughing. It doesn’t seem like Asian Americans were laughing. Journalists weren’t laughing. So who was?
Well, probably your Uncle Billy who posts about how much he loves Trump on Facebook, but that’s beside the point.
The real point is, this is nothing new for Watters or O’Reilly. Watters consistently likes to offend people. For example, earlier this year, he went to Princeton University and used trigger words to get a reaction from people.
O’Reilly is also no walk in the park. He constantly speaks out about how political correctness (a.k.a. respecting people) is ruining our country and even goes so far as to name it as the reason for “black poverty” (something he actually has no right to speak on as a white male who thinks black on black crime is a bigger problem than police brutality, but I digress).
The right’s war on political correctness is nothing new. The term “politically correct” is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.504313
Retrieved Text: Catch Jesse on Bachelorette Weekend on CMT!
Jesse combines humor, interactive activities and sensuality in a way that will have you laughing one minute then turned on the next. His style is classy and fun so no one is grossed out and everyone has a great time. He has a knack for getting everyone involved, even those who are conservative or hesitant at first, making for a fun time for all.
Jesse understands that the bride wants to have fun, but that she has personal boundaries and limitations. He is great at reading the bride, and the room, and giving everyone just what they need for an amazing time they will tell everyone about. He gets referrals and repeat bookings from across the US and Europe!
Jesse allows photos and video during the performance and is happy to pose for individual and group pictures after Maxi performances. He even brings a tripod for amazing group photos you will cherish!
He also provides ‘Jesse dollars’ to use throughout the performance so you don’t have to worry about losing real money or finding dollar bills. They make great souvenirs to remember your bride’s amazing stripper experience. Whether you are looking to trick the bride or give her a fantasy, Jesse has you covered.
His most requested costume is cowboy stripper but he also has Cop, Airbnb Owner, Pizza Delivery, Neighbor, Hotel Manager, Fireman, Army/Soldier, Jimmy John’s Delivery, Doctor/Nurse, Businessman, Construction, Hockey Player as well as special-request costumes.
There is no cost to submit a request. We will contact you to confirm availability and secure

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.491055
Retrieved Text: Pretty Nollywood actress, Nazaret Jesse, has joined some of her colleagues, to drum support for the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).
The actress shared photo of her coming out from the party’s campaign organisation office some days back where she had gone to indicate her interest to support its Presidential candidate.
Jesse is not one that likes talking about politics but she believes that when there is someone credible enough to lead then she can follow such a person and give in her support.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.384136
Retrieved Text: FFE Magazine > Life and Lifestyle > Tech > How can you make people like your Instagram selfies?
According to Zarrella, photos that featured cool shades like blues and greens had more likes than warmer shades like reds and yellows. Nature-inspired selfies and selfies in Starbucks can do the trick.
The best filter is actually #NoFilter, and selfies touted without filters drive more likes than those that have filters. Zarrella, however, found out that not all #NoFilter users are telling the truth: about 30% of them still use subtle filters like Valencia and Amaro.
Most people get annoyed by too many tags. But Zarrella found out that more tags actually drive more likes — that is until the tag count hits 30.
When taking a selfie, remember that shooting sober is more popular than shooting drunk. #Drunk selfies get 40% lower likes than those without #drunk.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.230846
Retrieved Text: ‘Godan’ is a musical instrument project started by Jesse Smits. The name Godan is inspired by Indonesian language which can name objects or situations with a word(s) inspired by its sound(s).
Jesse has a bachelor with honours degree in Music and Technology (2012). In his last year he spend most of his time understanding how musical instruments work. “By knowing this you have building blocks to design musical instruments”.
Canned deel 2 from Jesse Smits on Vimeo.
After tuning some paint cans and dishes Jesse bought some ‘Linotune’ software and a cooking pan. And one day soon after this he tuned his first steelpan style note with a fundamental, octave partial, compound fifth partial and double octave. This was a big celebration day and gave Jesse the no doubt feeling this is something for him…. Tuning steel.
As stubborn as he was he wanted to learn tuning steel without a mentor. This is not the fastest way if you can imagine. But it learns you more then tuning steel. So he developed his own way of shaping and tuning instruments which gives Godan it’s unique sound. After having the chance to get help from Shellopan’s deepdrawn shells, things went easier.
After some instruments with cracked notes The first Godan was finished 23th march of 2015. Nitrided instruments came later that year. With a lot of help from Ralf van den Bor (Ayasa instruments).
Now that Godan got to a quality Jesse likes he is trying to make more use of his knowledge as a percussionist sound designer and instrument designer.
Check out more

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.056683
Retrieved Text: Kane scored a hat-trick to take him to five goals for the tournament, one ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo and Romelu Lukaku in the race for the Golden Boot.
But England won't care how they go in, as long as they go in.
Kane was among the goals against Panama but defender John Stones also added a double and Jesse Lingard scored a stunning drive from range.
Kane knew little about his hat-trick goal-Ruben Loftus-Cheek's low drive from outside the box deflected off of the Tottenham striker's heel.
All the neutral observes watching in Nizhny Novgorod were on Panama's side and could feel for them as they were simply trounced by a far superior opposition.
87' There's not much to talk about on the field. It's nice going into that game we don't need a result to qualify.
David Beckham escaped punishment after admitting doing so playing for his country in a World Cup qualifier against Wales in 2004 in order to serve a suspension while he was injured.
Jordan Henderson insists England will be going all out to beat Belgium in their final World Cup group game and believes the Three Lions are ready for whoever they will face in the knockout stages.
One can carp that their opponents were minnows: Panama had English fans chanting: "Are you Scotland in disguise?" "Not many players score a hat-trick in the World Cup, so I'm extremely proud". I was feeling scared in the second half.
61' England are due a goal.
Frank Lampard has backed England to win the World Cup in Russian Federation. "We tried to keep

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.029331
Retrieved Text: Runaway Love is a 10-minute drama based upon the willpower and sacrifice of a 19-year old boy, who will do anything to prevent his little sister Zoe from being exposed to the same abusive, drug infested childhood that he experienced. Despite his unbalanced upbringing and toxic stepfather (Ian Mitchell), Jesse demonstrates integrity, responsibility and mental fortitude in his plan to escape a life of pain and misery. For Jesse, this escape is the only chance at a decent life for him and his younger sister. But what will his mother Aaliyah make of it when she discovers her sons plans? They say blood is thicker than water, but will Aaliyah make the decision to run with her children or hide in the shadows of her violent, manipulating partner?
Jesse is a runner. Always running whether it be from his problems or on the racecourse. Jesse is a smart 'kid' as everyone likes to refer to him as. Smart enough to realise that history is about to repeating itself. Growing up, Jesse was exposed to a life of abuse, drugs, and alcohol because of his parents. Despite that, Jesse has his head screwed on, gets good grades and his hobby is the school track team. Outside of his house Jesse appears to be cheeky, happy, and mature. Since the age of 16 Jesse has worked, paper rounds, dog walking, and now works in a coffee shop. Nearly 20, Jesse wants out of his broken so-called family. The only thing stopping him is his father (Ian Jones). Jesse and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.997768
Retrieved Text: Facebook has been the nerve of the Social media now. You can get anyone, any update and any news on Facebook. Everyone from the personal and professional field are present on this platform.
As far as Facebook is concerned, it is all about posts, likes, comments and shares.Both on your personal page and the groups you have on FB. The more likes your post will generate, the more popular your post will be.All these you will do by posting on your page and on the groups in which you’ve been added.
Talking about groups on FB, there might be many for a person. People included in more groups need to share their stuffs regularly to get clicked on regular basis and thus they manage their flexibility over there.
So, what’s your trick to raise likes and shares for your post? Not sure about it. Well, don’t worry. I have come up with this article which will tell you about three awesome steps to increase likes and shares for your post.
If you are an active Facebook user, you should be noticing that at some special time interval, there are more posts and activity in your FB wall. This is the best time when most people around your circle are active on Facebook.
This is your time to go! Post your news feed right at that time. According to a survey, the best time to post your news feed is Morning @ 9 am and between 1 pm to 3 pm.
So, you may increase your chance of getting more views by posting

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.99738
Retrieved Text: Atonement is LIVE!!!! I'm SO excited to bring you Samuel's story! Go pick it up today! Show me the proof of purchase to enter for a chance to win a swag pack from me or an autographed paperback of the book! Click here to pick it up!
become. But a big ‘what if’ lingers over her: Can she send him down the path of atonement, or will Samuel lure her over in hopes of claiming her soul?
So today is a BIG day!!! It's November 30th and Fallen officially publishes tomorrow! However... as soon as my page here reaches 1400 follows, I'll press the publish button EARLY!!! So let's do this! 1400 likes and Fallen will be LIVE!!!
Enjoy the pictures below. Some I made, some are fan made!
Jesse Christopher as Alex in Fallen!
Say hello to Jesse Christopher! He's the faceclaim of Alex in my debut novel, Fallen! Reach out and say hi to this amazing young man!
Jesse will be signing some swag for me for a giveaway! I'll be putting together something soon so keep watch out for it!
I'm also setting up a live chat! I'll share the date and time once we figure out the what and the where!
Click here to find Jesse on Twitter!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.788734
Retrieved Text: What do Henry Cavill, Amy Adams and the cast of Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice think of Ben Affleck as Batman?
MadeinHollywoodTV interviews Henry Cavill about his role as Superman in Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Dave Morales from BackstageOL sits down with Henry Cavill to talk about the pressure of playing Superman, the new Superman suit, training for the role and the epic fight scene versus Batman.
Fox 5's entertainment reporter, Kevin McCarthy, geeked out with Henry Cavill, Ben Affleck, Gal Gadot, Zack Snyder, Jesse Eisenberg, Amy Adams, Diane Lane and Laurence Fishburne about BATMAN v SUPERMAN: DAWN OF JUSTICE.
Henry reveals the impact of "The Tudors" on his career and that he likes when people associate him with Superman.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.674582
Retrieved Text: Jesse was adopted as a youngster from Africa. He is now 9. When he came into the orphanage, he was the youngest of 7 birth children in his family. After he was adopted, he became the oldest child in the home, with 2 younger siblings who were biological children of the adoptive family. So essentially Jesse went from being the baby of a large family to being the oldest brother in his new family. He has not done well with this change and his family feels that he would heal best if he had a new adoption into a situation where he was the youngest again.
Jesse is not on any medication. We have a very good psychological profile for him that we will send to interested families.
He is a good sleeper but struggles with sharing a room with a 5 year old brother. It would be nice for Jesse to have his own room.
He has a strong sense of justice and fairness and is described as being the school policeman. He also always wants things to be fair and even among his siblings and him.
Jesse needs a family who would be ok letting him keep contact with his grandparents whom he loves and who love him.
Jesse likes sports and loves to read. He often “escapes” by burying himself into a book. Jesse has a good memory; he remembers facts and loves to talk about them.
It is hoped that the new family will have resources for counseling and/or therapy.
This is a private adoption, so a state or

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.662333
Retrieved Text: In the 11 years since Mexico City-born siblings Jesse & Joy started writing and recording together, they've released four albums and a string of No. 1 hits, have performed sold-out tours throughout North and South America and received five Latin GRAMMY Awards (and they're nominated for an additional four at this year's 17th Annual Latin GRAMMY Awards) and a GRAMMY nomination. Jesse & Joy have amassed a passionate and devoted following with more than 1.3 billion views on YouTube, 2.6 million YouTube subscribers, 15.2 million likes on Facebook and 5 million Twitter followers. The duo were nominated for three 2016 Latin American Music Awards, including Favorite Duo or Group — Pop/Rock, Favorite Album — Pop/Rock (Un Besito Más), Favorite Song — Pop/Rock (Jesse & Joy featuring Alejandro Sanz, "No Soy Una de Esas"), and also performed live on the Latin AMAs. The music video for their current Spanish-language single "Dueles" has amassed more than 39 million views on YouTube and is a Top 5 track in multiple countries including Chile, Mexico, Peru, and more. The duo have also recently released their first English-language single, "Echoes of Love," produced by Jesse and Fraser T. Smith (Adele, Sam Smith, Cee Lo Green, Ellie Goulding). The track is the follow-up to the hugely successful Spanish-language counterpart, "Ecos de Amor." Currently in the midst of a U.S. headlining tour, the GRAMMY Museum welcomes Jesse & Joy to the Clive Davis Theater for an intimate conversation on their recent Latin GRAMMY nominations and continued international success. The conversation will be followed

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.647963
Retrieved Text: The 5-0 blanking of HK Gomel means third place and bronze medals for the team from southern Poland. Polish national team player Mikolaj Lopuski scored a hat trick very much to the joy of hundreds of GSK Katowice fans on the tribune.
HK Gomel suffered a hard time in this final tournament. Usually among the top teams in Belarus, the team has had a mediocre season in the Belarusian Extraliga so far and couldn’t keep up with the other teams here in Belfast. They will have to travel home with zero points and a 2-18 goal record in three games.
Katowice outshot Gomel 44-17 throughout the game and opened the scoring after just 17 seconds with a goal from Lopuski. The long-time national team player with the experience of ten senior World Championship tournaments continued at 13:19. Gomel took three minor penalties in a row and after passes from his Finnish teammates Jesse Rothla and Jesse Jyrkkio, Lopuski netted the puck.
He completed his hat trick early in the second period. 29 seconds into the frame he converted a pass from the end boards to make it 3-0. Marek Strzyzowski scored Katowice’s fourth marker just 84 seconds later.
The goal galore stopped afterwards although Katowice remained dominant. Jyrkkio set up the final score of 5-0 with his goal 105 seconds before the final buzzer.
With the win GKS Katowice ties the third-place finish Polish rival GKS Tychy achieved in 2016.
The 2019 IIHF Continental Cup Final ends with a winner-takes-it-all game between Kazakh champion Arlan Kokshetau and host Belfast Giants tonight.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.590847
Retrieved Text: Former Vice President Joe Biden had a no-good, terrible few days. Biden’s not in the 2020 race yet. But he feels like he is after being accused of being a dirty old man.
Mr. Biden is not a dirty old man even though he likes to get up close and personal with women who cross his political path. Joe’s a compassionate guy who likes people. Sometimes Joe gets caught up in a moment. He may plant a kiss on an unsuspecting female in those moments, but it’s a harmless gesture, according to Mr. Biden. But in the age of the #MeToo movement, that kind of invasion of privacy is unacceptable.
Mr. Trump finally had some fun at Joe’s expense at a National Republican Congressional Committee dinner. He asked Joe if he was having a good time. Trump knew Biden was under political attack and he blamed the attack on the Democrats. Trump thinks left-leaning Democrats want to keep Biden out of the race. He’s 10-points ahead of Bernie Sanders in a couple of polls.
During that dinner, Trump said he’s going to war with the Democratic Socialists who have an agenda that includes healthcare for all, free college tuition, climate change initiatives, lower drug prices, and a $15 minimum wage along with several other popular social programs. Trump doesn’t like those concepts.
The Democrats want the United States to wake up and realize it’s time to join the other Democratic socialist countries that pay attention to the needs of the people. Canada, Britain, Sweden, Norway, and Denmark all have healthcare

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.532026
Retrieved Text: Erie's remote car starter and electrical system experts!
Top 50 Retailer 2011-2013 !
Jesse, a West Erie resident and first-time ENORMIS Mobile Specialties customer, has to park at the end of the parking lot at work, and he wanted a remote start that would reach his 2018 Toyota Tacoma from inside his office. Jesse sent us a remote start inquiry regarding a remote start for his 2018 Toyota Tacoma. It is a push-button-start model and has a rather large remote fob that he must carry to start the vehicle.
Doug Reichert replied with several options for Jesse’s Toyota. Jesse selected our ATAQAN long-range two-way remote start system. The ATAQAN has a small remote that packs quite a punch: three functions with one-button, two-way confirmation, and it can work from up to 3/5 of a mile away. Jesse can now start his Tacoma as well as lock and unlock the doors from his office.
If you would like a high-quality remote start tailored for your vehicle and your needs, just contact us.
This post was provided by Doug Reichert. Doug has been in the automotive service business since 2001. In his free time, Doug likes working outside in his yard and enjoys exercising. Doug is active in his community by volunteering at his church and for several nonprofits.
Enter your email and find out about all the neat things we do!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.528214
Retrieved Text: G.P. Putnam's Sons Books for Young Readers, 9780399247903, 40pp.
In a country struggling with acceptance, hope can come in many different forms.
As a boy, Hector loved playing soccer in his small Johannesburg township. He dreamed of playing on a real pitch with the boys from another part of the city, but apartheid made that impossible. Then, in 1990, Nelson Mandela was released from prison, and apartheid began to crumble. The march toward freedom in South Africa was a slow one, but when the beloved Bafana Bafana national soccer team won the African Cup of Nations, Hector realized that dreams once impossible could now come true.
This poignant story of friendship artfully depicts a brief but critical moment in South Africa’s history and the unique role that sports can play in bringing people together.
An avid soccer fan, Phil Bildner has sat on the Real Madrid bench at el Estadio de Santiago Bernabéu, and he has watched from the bleachers as Lionel Messi scored a hat trick during an Argentina-Brazil showdown. Away from the pitch, Phil was an attorney and taught middle school in the New York City public schools. He is the author of the Texas Bluebonnet Award–winning Shoeless Joe & Black Betsy, and the co-author with Loren Long of the New York Times bestselling Sluggers series.
Jesse Joshua Watson has traveled extensively, developing a deep passion for sharing the beauty of the world’s cultures. He has always cared deeply about South Africa—in high school he campaigned for Nelson Mandela’s freedom by organizing awareness and student action. In addition to

================



======= Instance Index 24409 =========
Input Text: Context: Alex took the food.

Question: What will Alex want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: be selfish

B: serve it

C: smash it

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.200006
Retrieved Text: Alex Hodgkinson-Last is the UK ambassador for Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution, a fantastic enterprise that celebrates good, fresh, real food. This year, Food Revolution Day took place on May 20th and I was invited along by Alex to a food demonstration he was doing at a local school.
It was great to see the children so enthusiastic about food. They loved tasting the different fruits that Alex had brought in and enjoyed reciting the tale of the Enourmous Turnip to us!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.43749
Retrieved Text: Alex did a tremendous job and is easy to get along with. The weather on the night of our tour was horrendous so Alex contacted me suggesting we postpone until the following night. We took his advice and had a great evening. Not only did we learn about the food we ate but also we visited a couple of churches and Alex informed us of various points of interest. The is more a sampling experience but we all ate enough and enjoyed what we had.
Great tour, Alessio did a fantastic job.
Great tour with Alex. We didn't realise it would just be us 2 and the guide but this made it nice and personal. Alex knows his stuff and is engaging too, drawing on his own experience of living in Rome. The food was great and we even got recommendations for restaurants at the end. Would thoroughly recommend this tour.
We did the food tour with our family, with Alex as a guide. Alex was very nice, explained us interesting things about the area and history. The food was very tasty, in nice places and good atmosphere. Very recommended!!
Too few places visited. The food and drinks served was not particularly special or interesting. Too little Trastevere specialities. The guide spoke too much about a lot of other not relevant topics.
We had a fabulous tour with Alex! Loved the food and all his stories.
One word to describe it all...Awesome from the beginning till the end! Our tour guide Alex was really friendly and knowledgable and most of all helpful.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.876984
Retrieved Text: Food fights are fun. Food fights with prizes are even better.
Every year, the Great Manitoba Food Fight invites local food and beverage entrepreneurs to pitch their innovative product ideas to a panel of judges. The best pitchers win prize packages to help develop and launch their products.
This year’s competition went down on Sept. 20 at De Luca’s Specialty Food Store. Winners were selected by a panel of industry experts, who sampled the goods and assessed the strength of the entrepreneurs’ business pitches.
The gold medal and $13,000 prize package went to Alex Goertzen of Little Bones Wings, who also happens to be a We Heart Winnipeg partner. Congrats, Alex!!!
Piña Romolo of Piccola Cucina took home silver ($7,000) for her salted caramel hemp macaroons, while Jeremy Silcox of Mr. Biltong Beef Jerky Company won bronze ($4,000) for his Biltong and Stokkies.
Jason Kang of Capital K Distillery won The Pub Edition of the competition for his Tall Grass Dill Pickle Vodka, taking home a prize package worth about $5,000.
But after seeing all of this year’s drool-worthy pitches, Manitobans are the real winners. Get out there and support local!
Story photos courtesy of Food & Beverage Manitoba.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.683975
Retrieved Text: Alex Sorenson’s insanely crave-y chili oil is the condiment of Szechuan flavor-seekers’ dreams.
Do you favor Asian flavor? Wait 'til you taste New York Times-starred chef Alex Sorenson's infused wow in a jar. He makes it in small batches from eleven Chinese spices poured over toasted chilis and Szechuan peppercorns (the famously tongue-numbing kind). Tantalizingly tingly and complexly layered, it's hot, but not overwhelming. Drizzle onto the protein, veggie, noodle, and dumpling dishes you love to add a sophisticated kick you'll soon learn to crave. Vegan; GMO-, gluten-, and preservative-free. Handmade in Brooklyn.
Alex Sorenson started his food career as a part-time prep cook to pay for school at the University of Virginia. A software developer for a number of years, his passion for cooking gradually pushed coding aside. So he scrapped his recently-founded company, took an internship in a kitchen, and worked his way from restaurant to restaurant, until he earned the title Executive Chef.
After cooking in some of New York City’s top kitchens, Alex took a break to work on small organic farms and vineyards in France. He picked grapes in Bordeaux, herded goats, made cheese, foraged for wild mushrooms, and cooked in farmhouse kitchens. Upon his return to New York, his deeper knowledge of local, sustainable ingredients made him determined to produce top-quality ingredients for home cooks and mixologists.
Having lived and worked in France, Rwanda, and Borneo, Alex frequently travels to the far corners of the Earth in search of exciting new flavors, techniques,and dishes.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.586369
Retrieved Text: A San Diego couple through and through, Alex and Chris met at Craft & Commerce in Little Italy and cemented their romance during a sail in Fiddler’s Cover.
That was Labor Day 2016, when Chris convinced Alex to go out on the water with their lab, Rusty—who took care of the rest, thanks to a note Chris tied to the noble companion that provided the perfect window for him to wait on one knee with a ring.
They were married at University of San Diego’s Founder’s Chapel in a classic Catholic ceremony. From there, the celebration moved to Bali Hai, where guests enjoyed delicious food, dancing, and unbeatable views from Shelter Island.
But the moment the couple will never forget? Alex, with a Navy background, cutting the three-tier cake from Fab Cakes with a sword. Dessert is served!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.388906
Retrieved Text: On the evening of Monday 24 March 2014, Alex Fisher, Group Managing Director, Bidvest 3663, presented Arena's Savoy Lecture 2014 and addressed industry colleagues on the key issues affecting the hospitality and foodservice industry today. He gave the audience plenty to think about - and he also had a little surprise up his sleeve!
The foodservice and hospitality professionals seated in the ballroom at The Savoy on the evening of Monday 24 March got a little more than they bargained for when Bidvest 3663’s group managing director, Alex Fisher, took to the stage to deliver Arena’s Savoy Lecture 2014.
Introducing the presentation theme of looking at the key challenges, global issues and opportunities facing the industry, he invited the audience to tuck into a selection of delicacies he had brought with him – namely dried and flavoured critters, including crickets and grasshoppers. His explanation for asking people to step out of their ‘food comfort zone’ was to highlight concerns for the increasing shortage of global resources and the potential future need for alternative proteins. The more adventurous attendees threw caution to the wind and courageously tucked in – but there were no signs of this new ‘bar snack’ catching on anytime soon!
Alex’s strong message throughout was the absolute need for the industry to be completely aware of and prepared for the emerging global macro trends, and the implications for the future of foodservice, so that we don’t get caught out.
With the use of eye-opening, and at times alarming, statistics Alex took the audience through the five core trends,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.145786
Retrieved Text: If you find this guide useful and wish to make a charitable donation please click here.
As explained in the blending section above, a puréed meal will blend down to a much smaller portion and yet still be filling. So a puréed meal will always look smaller on the plate. However, even when Alex was able to swallow a ground or minced meal, I kept portion sizes small for him. A big meal on a plate can look very daunting or off-putting for a dysphagic patient who often regards eating as something of a chore and a rather unpleasant experience. If new “habits” have to be formed to ensure safer eating, it is easier for the patient to concentrate on these new methods for a shorter period of time with a small meal than with a large one. Therefore, eating little and more often can be safer and less stressful all round.
Although, previously, we had always had our main meal in the evening, we found it best to have it at lunchtime as Alex was not so tired and often his medication had not worn off so much. He could concentrate better and so we had fewer choking episodes at lunchtime.
Eating became a real ordeal, even a small portion. Alex took a long time to eat a meal (which previously would have taken him a few minutes) as he had to force himself to eat slowly which he found very frustrating. My rule for myself was not to get upset that his meal had gone cold or

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.067675
Retrieved Text: A couple of months ago I intended to blog on this fabulous book (The Sneaky Chef) we had bought, hoping to increase nutritional value for our whole family, particularly Alex. I mentioned Alex’s food quirks and “rules” a little in my post “Islands in the Stream” and promised to check back in about the book.
Well, here I am. A little older, a little wiser, a lot more cooking under my belt than I typically do. I enjoyed my experiments and the creativity exercised in the kitchen. I really enjoyed that because of my abnormal level of fatigue and pain (yay, isn’t arthritis fun!) Jeff did the dishes and the grocery shopping so I could focus on inoculating tasty and fun foods with extra nutrition to make one of kiddo’s primary personal goals (and one of our goals as his parents) come to fruition.
Alex wants to grow up big and strong and healthy.
So I am particularly sensitive to not taking the warden approach to nutrition. Our goal for Alex, in all aspects of his life, was to give him the tools to be able to make the best decisions, for himself, in his life. This applies to work, health, his personal life, etc… I do want to thank Early Intervention for asking us the important question of what we want for him and his life. We learned to keep it non-specific enough that we don’t suffocate him with our expectations, but enough that we can build goals. Good and important stuff.
So, we decided to start “Sneaky-cheffing” more

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.96634
Retrieved Text: Alex who looked after us was brilliant.
Food was ok, was expecting more flavour in the dishes.
Really nice food, nice atmosphere, very friendly staff and very good value for money.
Poor slow service, took forever to get a drink when ordered with the waiter and food took over a hour and was cold once arrived and had to be microwaved.
Waitress was lovely, nothing was a problem, had problems when meals came out, I ordered no peas and got them, my mum and dad ordered peas and didn't get them, mum ordered chips but garlic mash came, WiFi wasn't working so couldn't access my email to show free drink and had also been sent a £5 off voucher to show, guy on next table had been there for three hours and still got no WiFi! Salad bar was nice and full but there were no bread rolls due to them being in the oven cooking. Meal was nice and hot and will eat there again.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.794243
Retrieved Text: Alex and Laura flew down from Rochester this past week to visit. Laura stayed through the weekend and Alex stayed part of the next week through Thursday. It was really great to see them, we hadn't seen either of them since Christmas of 2011!
On Saturday night, Andrea and I took Alex and Laura out for drinks and appetizers at Three Forks. It was pretty swanky and fancy, which Alex and Laura appreciate. We had some tasty food and drink and then headed over to the piano bar next door for some more drinks. It was great to catch up with them and we chatted the night away. It was probably the most words Alex has ever spoken around me in a day. I had a lot of fun and I think everyone else did too.
On Sunday they came to our house and although it was pretty stinking cool for it, we turned on the pool heat and the hot tub so they could swim. The water temperature in the pool was about 60 degrees, the air temperature was 80 degrees and the hot tub was about 100 degrees. It was kind of weird jumping between the 20 degree changes. It was a little cold, but everyone jumped in to the pool and hot tub and it was fun to swim again, probably for the last time this year.
Connor liked showing off his swim moves, jumping, diving, etc. The cold water didn't bother him a bit.
Laura and Alex had fun playing with the kids in the play

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.66156
Retrieved Text: Anything goes in the world of food, but what drives how you live and think?
Here are the works of the first-rate chefs, for aspiring cooks.
D.O.M is a regular feature on Latin America’s Best Restaurants. The owner of this two-star Michelin restaurant is Alex Atala, one of the leading chefs in South America. Atala celebrated his 50th birthday last June and we took the opportunity to speak with him.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.640678
Retrieved Text: He doesn´t died from poisen when he ate the wrong plants, like in the film. He actually found an old Bus, which trapper brought out there, they where living inside when there where trapping. I luckiely met a old original trapper in the Pub of Healy and picked a lot informations about the trails, and how to cross the rivers.But in the end nobody want to hike out with me and I sweared to myself and promised the trapper that I´ll never hike out allone.
I met Matthias a guy from germany and had a nice dayhike in Denali and my chance to see the Bus was almost zero.Than I met Alex a crazy friendly guy biking arround Canada, he is actually from Toronto and we desided to hike out together.
We had food for apparently 7 days in our backpacks. Because the biggest fault hikers do ist just bringing food for three days. And If the Teklanikariver is to high on the way back, it can happen really quickly when there is rain in the mountains or the sun melt the ice in the mountains than they have a serious problen, because they need to cross the river and they dont´t have the time to wait or to hike in the south where the river spredded out and ist wide and low.
We took the Vesoa and Alex biked out until the road was to rough. There we stored our bikes at a property of friendly guys and started to hike. Cloudy, not hot a good weather to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.573784
Retrieved Text: Eating Nutritiously A Struggle When Money Is Scarce The Williamsons of Carlisle, Pa., live well below the poverty line. And in the family's struggle to obtain enough food, nutrition sometimes takes a back seat to necessity. Hunger in America is complicated. It's not just getting enough food, but getting the right food -- and making the right choices.
Beanna Williamson, 14, is one of 17 million children who live in U.S. households where getting enough food is a challenge. Sometimes it's hard for the poor to eat healthy because it costs more.
Alex Williamson, 8, doesn't look very hungry -- in fact, he's a little chubby. But Alex, who lives in Carlisle, Pa., is one of 17 million children who live in U.S. households where getting enough food is a challenge.
Hunger in America is complicated. It's not just getting enough food, but getting the right food -- and making the right choices.
Connie Williamson says it's not easy on a tight budget. She spends hours driving around each month looking for deals. She has to stretch $600 in food stamps for herself, her husband, Alex and two teenage girls.
You can get leaner cuts of meat, but then they're more expensive. You can get fresh fruit every couple of days and blow half of your budget on fresh fruits and vegetables in a week's time, easy.
"You can get leaner cuts of meat, but then they're more expensive," she says. "You can get fresh fruit every couple of days and blow half of your budget on fresh fruits and vegetables in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.513912
Retrieved Text: This is where you get the fresh seafood prepared in the most elegant way. *"The fish we serve always depends on what's fresh in the market. We try to have Tuna, Yellowtail, Amberjack, Dorado, Grouper, Red Snapper, Halibut, Salmon, Albacore, Hamachi, Eel, Mackeral, Octopus, and Scallops"- Alex Garcia-- owner. How is that for an outstanding fresh assortment of quality fish for your dining pleasure?
We love a good sushi restaurant, and we found it, service was excellent, the food was outstanding, the sushi chef, keep coming out and checking on our food, he took some time to suggest some specialties of the house, it was great, we highly recommend it, thank you Odayaka staff- recommendation by a guest.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.406355
Retrieved Text: For those of us that have furry kids, preparing a meal – heck, even making a sandwich- feels like someone put up a sign that says, “Kitchen help wanted,” and our canine companions never fail to answer such ad. Look at the attention they are paying Cynthia.
Cynthia moved to get something from the fridge, and her two helpers quickly moved into place to “guard” our food. Abby seems to be the more serious out of the two, don’t you think?
I don’t know, but perhaps Roxie started to smell like something Cynthia was cooking because Abby took a lot of interest in Roxie’s face and ear. It’s always fun to see what our furry kids do when we are cooking. They certainly make life more interesting.
Guard Dogs Sleeping On The Job?
After our morning walk, Alex, a pit bull/Dogo Argentine mix, and Dexter, a boxer mix, were brushed and wiped, and because the weather was so nice we stayed hanging out on the deck for a little while.
I like to brush them and wipe them after our walk not only because I like my house and dogs clean, but also because it relaxes them as you can see in the above picture. If they were guard dogs, check out Alex already asleep, my girl would have been the first one to be fired. But, they are not guard dogs, but rather part of our family and for many of us our canine children.
I did have high hopes for Dexter since he was the only one awake, but within

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.331348
Retrieved Text: As a little boy battling leukemia, happy moments were few and far between for 8-year-old Alex Meier. But when he recently received a phone call from the Make-A-Wish Foundation telling him that he could wish for absolutely anything he wanted and they would make it a reality, he finally had a reason to smile. There was one problem, however: After dwelling on it for days, Alex just couldn’t think of anything he wanted.
With his condition worsening, the good people at Make-A-Wish decided that even though Alex couldn’t make up his mind, they would still give him an incredible surprise anyway. So, earlier this week, they gave him the exciting news that they were going to take him to a deli and slide him down the counter like a big sub sandwich!
Helping him out of his hospital bed and into his wheelchair, representatives from Make-A-Wish took him over to a nearby deli to give him the best day of his life. Once there, employees helped him up onto the metal food-preparation counter, placed him on top of a sheet of sandwich wrap, and then, instructing him to lay back and keep his arms at his side, slowly slid the 42-pound boy along the sandwich-making area just as if he were a giant turkey and provolone sub!
And you can bet that there wasn’t a dry eye in the entire restaurant.
When Alex had finished his journey across the counter, employees wrapped him up and helped him back into his wheelchair. And although he still had to go back to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.315899
Retrieved Text: Which dome will you choose?
We have just returned from a lovely week away at this picturesque location and I cannot praise Alex and Darren enough for being such wonderful hosts. The domes are absolutely amazing- from the outside they looked smaller than we imagined but once inside it was as if some sort of magic had occurred and they were spacious, modern and extremely comfortable. The bathroom made it feel a home from home and removed the usual horror of having to use a shared bathroom! Alex and Darren really have thought of everything and made sure all our needs were catered for. Our two children (ages 9 & 5) had a wonderful time doing just what children should be doing on holiday- running around, exploring and playing imaginative games with the other children who happened to be staying in the other domes. Our 2 year old energetic Labrador also enjoyed himself thoroughly- he was content to lie sleepily outside the dome in the sunshine and inside at night. There is also a lovely field just over the brook behind the site where Alex informed us we could let him off the lead and he had a wonderful time running around the field there. We also took a walk to the village and had a delicious meal at the local pub- The Wheatsheaf- the food was heavenly and they allow dogs into the bar whilst you are eating which was brilliant for us. On other days we took a trip to Oakham and the Hambleton bakery

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.280827
Retrieved Text: Chopped: After Hours host Alex Guarnaschelli and chefs: Scott Conant, Amanda Freitag and Geoffrey Zakarian taste and judge each others food, as seen on Food Network's Chopped: After Hours.
For most competitors, the idea of putting any four basket ingredients onto a single plate is daunting enough — let alone combining them in one pan for one sauce. But that's exactly what Scott Conant did tonight on an all-new installment of Chopped After Hours. Joined by guest host Alex Guarnaschelli, Scott, Amanda Freitag and Geoffrey Zakarian took over the Chopped Kitchen for a battle with the same entree-round ingredients that four amateur cooks had just worked with on the show. They had only 30 minutes to make a dinner dish out of tikka masala sauce, hanger steak, Asian long beans and croquettes, and in true Italian form, Scott embraced pasta.
He combined these disparate products — some fresh, others prepared and bottled — into a one-pot Bolognese-inspired sauce. While these ingredients may have lent themselves to this type of preparation better than most others, Alex couldn't help but wonder what would happen if the flavors didn't meld well when combined. "Seems like you're putting the whole basket into one thing," Alex told him. "What if it doesn't work out?" He answered simply with a smile: "You punt. At that point, I'm just going to eat Geoffrey's sandwich."
In the end, thanks to his flawless technique of finishing the noodles in the sauce, Scott's finished plate was indeed a success, as Amanda praised it "so delicious." Geoffrey added: "You know

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.157616
Retrieved Text: The Crown is celebrating the changes that Channel 5’s Hotel Inspector Alex Polizzi and her team brought about and will be airing the show on multiple screens on Tuesday, 5th of June when it airs on Channel 5 at 9 pm.
It takes a brave person to admit that things aren’t going well and takes an even braver person to seek help to change, and that is just what The Crown landlord Alan Walters did! Seeking the help of Channel 5’s Hotel Inspector Alex Polizzi.
Seven years ago, Alan took on the Crown hoping it would set him up for retirement. But now at 69 years old, he is still working every hour of every day just to get by. With the Crown failing to pull any profit, no pension in place and no Plan B, Alan is desperate for Alex’s help.
Come and join us to celebrate the changes! Why not book a table and enjoy our amazing food before the show starts. Call 01672 540214 to reserve your table.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.097094
Retrieved Text: ​Earthie Mama was founded by Alexandra Du Toit. Alex is a prolific author, and published journalist writing for many of the web's largest news sources like Natural News, Wake Up World, Yahoo, New Dawn Magazine, Sivana East and Vivid Life. She is a Holistic Lifestyle advocate and (R)evolutionary speaker, learning and spreading her messages from Africa to North and South America. She also has her own Earthie Mama product line that are all made from the highest quality ingredients from the Earth! Her ultimate mission and purpose is to educate and help others learn their own way to a healthy holistic lifestyle where they have reached balance and on a path to thrive!
Alex grew up in Los Angeles in a world that did not include the teaching of the intrinsic connection to the Earth. However, intuitively she always knew that she was meant to be a guardian for the Earth. She had a desire to help others learn how to help the Earth and how to use the Earth to help each one of us. At just 12 years old, Alex learned about the abusive treatment of animals in the testing of most commercially used body care products. She quickly used her passion and became an animal rights advocate, giving talks about the importance of boycotting such companies. She started collecting and recycling bottles before there were recycling programs. As soon as she was finished with her extremely academic, all girls private school education. Alex went to the University of Southern California were she received her

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.088432
Retrieved Text: Maggie owns a bakery/restaurant, Alex is a professor, Lucy a Lawyer, James the sou-chef, Winn the cashier, and Kaya the ever present goofball.
If you've read my other Work, Uldif, you'll recognize some of the characters from it.
Alex Danvers groaned as the sunlight blinded her. It was way too early for her to be up and walking the streets of National City. She had a hard week of classes, where two students plagiarized, another cheated, and one athlete thought that he was too good to be in her class. Working as a college professor had its upsides. Alex had weekends off and a schedule that had her off campus at six every night. Minus the grading and occasional obnoxious students, Alex enjoyed her job. It was hard work getting to where she was today, but it was worth it in the end. Her students brought her joy and she was able to teach about science.
Alex did not want to spend her Saturday walking to breakfast. She would rather be lying in bed with her Giant Schnauzer, Gertrude. Usually, they would go for a run after Alex had a coffee or two. They would run around the park and then Gertrude would be sated for the rest of the day. That was the normal routine and walking to breakfast was ruining it. Next time, Alex was bringing Gertrude with her.
“Shut it Lucy. You know I don’t wake up early on Saturdays!” Alex argued. Lucy Lane, Alex’s childhood friend, stood outside the shop she was supposed to meet her

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.07403
Retrieved Text: A Community Food Centre brings people together to grow, cook, share and advocate for good food for all.
The Alex CFC is at 4920 17 Ave SE in the heart of International Avenue.
Register for a cooking class, drop-in for a community meal, visit the affordable produce market, and more!
@mattyouens @symahabib We're glad you had a good time, Matt! You're welcome back any time!
The Alex Community Food Centre is a project of The Alex Community Health Centre. We deliver innovative and accessible health and social services to Calgary's most vulnerable.
Join our mailing list to receive occasional updates and information about The Alex Community Food Centre.
Thank you for subscribing. The Alex is CASL compliant and will not sell or share your information. You can unsubscribe at any time.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.062408
Retrieved Text: Reality TV star, Alex Unusual took to Twitter to narrate an encounter she had with a stubborn young man who asked her for help while she was shopping at a grocery store.
“So today, something happened and I want to share.
I went grocery shopping and a young man walked up to me with shortbread in his hand and said “Aunty please I’m hungry but I don’t have money to pay for this”. I look at his hand, he wasn’t even holding the small one 😱.
I asked ” you don’t have money to buy food and this is what you pick ? How much is it ?”. He replied “I don’t know ma”. That “ma” made me feel this sense of responsibility to take care of people and i asked him to go and check the price so I’ll pay.
I was contemplating. 😡Should I teach him a lesson or not ?. I wanted to say “check the price of those two items, I’ll buy you food that’s worth the same amount but I was too tired for the lesson process and my heart won’t let me ignore him.
After paying, he followed me. Why!!! 😭, why was he following me!!! 😭. He wanted money for transportation. The Alex in me set in as I couldn’t conceal my utmost disgust anymore. I gave him a look that said it all and he left, surely to pester another pure heart.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.03758
Retrieved Text: Alex Residences , developed by Singland, is located along Alexandra Road, the island’s Central Region. Its site is right in the junction of Alexandra Road and Alexandra, near Echelon Condo.
With Redhill MRT just a few minutes walk away, and Raffles Place and City Hall MRT only 4 stops away, Alex Residences makes connectivity to the heart of Singapore’s financial district a breeze. Drivers will also find the easy connections to the AYE or PIE an inviting reason to take to the roads and discover the city state of Singapore.
Living in Alex Residences , you will be spoiled for choice for local delights as there are 13 major Food Centres that are within 2 km such as Redhill Lane Block 85 Food Centre, Bukit Merah View Block 115 Market And Food Centre, Bukit Merah Central Block 163 Food Centre, Redhill Food Centre, Beo Crescent Block 38A Market and Food Centre, Havelock Road Block 22A Food Centre and ABC Brickworks Food Centre.
Diverse and convenient shopping options are also available such as Tiong Bahru Plaza, Alexandra Village, Anchorpoint Shopping Centre, Queensway Shopping Centre and IKEA Alexandra.
Alex Residences residents can enjoy quiet respites at the nearby recreational parks at Telok Blangah Hill and Mount Faber. For those who enjoy sports, Delta Sports Complex and Queenstown Stadium is definitely nearby. Tanglin Golf Course is also less than 2 km away from Alex Residences.
Alex Residences is ideal homes for families with school-going children. The reputable schools located within the vicinity include Crescent Girls’ School and Gan Eng Seng Primary School.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.925213
Retrieved Text: Kelly and Alex's love story began online. And it wasn't long before they had their first date. Alex chose a cocktail bar in London for their first date and had a cocktail to calm the nerves, then another one and another one while he waited for Kelly to arrive. Alex explains..."Finally Kelly arrived, clutching several large shopping bags! We spent the rest of the evening talking about everything under the sun, and making each other laugh and smile. We got kicked out at closing time, and couldn't wait for our next date!"
To propose Alex brought Kelly to New York for her 30th Birthday. Alex remembers..."On her birthday we took a helicopter trip over the city, before taking a horse-drawn carriage to Central Park for a picnic. I got down on one knee at Strawberry Fields, and the rest is history..."
For their wedding, Kelly and Alex travelled to Italy with a small party to celebrate their magical day. The couple explain... "We wanted people to be able to combine a weekend away with a memorable and fun experience. The most important thing was for our guests to feel relaxed and happy."
Conti di San Bonifacio was one venue that stood out for Kelly and Alex and they explain why..."It was one of the first places we visited, and it had everything: warm and friendly (but professional) staff, magnificent views, great food and wine, and other places nearby for people to stay on a range of budgets. We kept comparing every other venue to Conti di San Bonifacio, and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.876223
Retrieved Text: Alex makes the news by winning his match and clinching the BallenIsles Cup for his team.
Now 14 years old, Alex Heard has already begun making a name for himself on and off the golf course. Born in 2004 into an athletic family (mom Diane was a competitive softball and basketball player and dad Rick is a PGA golf professional who played college golf at the University of Florida), Alex took to golf almost before he could walk.
He scored his first hole-in-one at age 4 years and 223 days, just 28 days off the Guinness Book of Records (it was a driver from 80 yards on the 7th hole at Red Reef Park). His second ace came shortly after turning 11 during a practice round for a regional tournament at the New Course at Grand Cypress Resort, also on the lucky 7th hole. This time it was a 9-iron from 100 yards.
Along with those two momentous events in his 14 years of competitive golf, Alex has racked up more than 50 tournament wins, including three U.S. Kids regionals (2012, 2013, and 2017 Holiday Classic), the 2013 Doral-Publix International Championship, the 2017 U.S. Kids Florida State Invitational, and numerous U.S. Kids local tour titles. With the Doral-Publix victory, Alex matched Rory McIlroy, who also won the same event at age 9, and Alex’s 7-under par 63 beat a strong international field.
Joining the American Heritage High School golf team as an 8th grader, Alex led the varsity team, playing #1 on the team and was the District Championship co-medalist.
Beyond

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.851135
Retrieved Text: Alex who is yet to return to her Instagram account, took to Twitter to share an experience with a ‘hungry’ young man at a grocery store in Lagos.
He came back but this time , he came with an extra yogurt on the other hand and he in front of me, he put both in the say hand as he mumbled ” they said I should ask them at the paying place”. I had to speak to myself “Alex keep your cool!!! Don’t get angry, nobody deserves it” I got to “paying place” as he called it and we started to go through the (pim, pim, pim) process. This boy expected me to check his own first. I asked him to chill. He then tried to help me. Hiding my emotions as I smiled, I said “don’t worry” I was contemplating.
Should I teach him a lesson or not ?. I wanted to say “check the price of those two items, I’ll buy you food that’s worth the same amount but I was too tired for the lesson process and my heart won’t let me ignore him. After paying, he followed me. Why!!! , why was he following me!!!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.726871
Retrieved Text: A couple of weeks ago I took a walk through Alexandra Township, aka Alex, as part of an event sponsored by an Alex-based tourism company called The Hub Presents and a travel networking organization called Travel Massive. I’ve been to Alex many times but I never turn down an opportunity to go back, as I believe Alex deserves more love as a tourist destination.
A child runs next to the bank of the Jukskei River, a trickling waterway that runs through Alex.
I don’t want to say too much about this walk because I’m definitely going to do a full-length tour with the Hub Presents — it seems like such a cool company and I want to experience all of its offerings before doing a full review. But here are a few photos in the meantime.
Kids playing in a new park built along the banks of the Jukskei.
Interesting car wash sign. I chatted briefly to the owners but couldn’t get a clear answer on what the sign actually means.
Our guide, Sifiso, explained that this sewage pipe used to be one of the only places where pedestrians could cross the Jukskei. Fortunately there is a new pedestrian bridge now.
A child on the pedestrian bridge.
A small food shop — or spaza shop — in Alex.
The owner of the pay phone.
A “gogo”, or granny, selling animal entrails and chicken feet by the side of the road.
Looking out over Alex from a sports field on the edge of the township.
Pat’s Tavern, a popular Alex hangout.
As I’ve written in previous posts, Alex is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.71809
Retrieved Text: Growing up, food meant a lot in his life. Through appointments with his Profile coach, Alex learned that he would have to change the way he viewed food if he wanted to make a lasting change. “That was the most difficult part of my journey,” Alex said. “I needed to be able to separate the food from the memories. I recognized that it was my friends and family and the time we spent together that was special – not just the food.” Many of his fondest childhood memories revolved around food. “Food was an important part of family. Holidays and special events where we gathered around the table will always be something that I cherish,” Alex explained.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.676805
Retrieved Text: Thanks to everyone who came down to #VauxEast for our Scarpa Edition Competition.
The Main Comp was set by Max Ayerton, Rob Napier and Jay Lewin! The Fun Comp was set by the fab members of the Vaux and HarroWall setting team, Ashley Zee, Jack Appleby and Holly Waller.
Busy and bustling evening over at VauxEast with great vibes and atmosphere. Complete with Scarpa shoes for prizes, HardBar free tasting session throughout the comp and beer on tap! Just by competing you were in for a chance to win tickets to a screening of Alex Honnold’s Free Solo.
Pete Stephenson took the Senior men’s win ahead of Rob White and Florian Gesell. Amber Thornton + Hazel MacLean took a double win for the senior ladies ahead of Maria Castrillo and Rachel Cassidy. In the Junior categories our winners were Frida Costa and Kris Kothari.
The Duchy Arms were with us again, providing a marvellous selection of food and beers on tap for the evening.
DJ NeoPink was back to the decks to psych up everyone on the wall. She could be found atop the central boulder keeping the spirit of the competition alive and well.
As with every #VauxComp, 5 scorecards were picked at random from the #FunComp. The winners went away with tickets to the upcoming screening of Free Solo, Alex Honnold’s very exciting and groundbreaking new film.
Our next #VauxComp will be on Wednesday 6th February 2019 at VauxWall West.
The next #HarroComp will be on Saturday 12th January at #HarroWall.
Join us in the New Year, when we will be launching our

================



======= Instance Index 21789 =========
Input Text: Context: Taylor decorated his plant.

Question: Why did Taylor do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: be creative

B: destroy

C: tell his friends about it

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.386257
Retrieved Text: Taylor, David Alan, Charles "Chuck" Hardy, and Martha Cooper. Plant manager Charles "Chuck" Hardy in his office checking fabric samples and fabric orders hanging on the wall . New Jersey Paterson United States, 1994. -09-12. Photograph. https://0-www.loc.gov.oasys.lib.oxy.edu/item/afcwip002512/.
Taylor, D. A., Hardy, C. ". & Cooper, M. (1994) Plant manager Charles "Chuck" Hardy in his office checking fabric samples and fabric orders hanging on the wall . New Jersey Paterson United States, 1994. -09-12. [Photograph] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://0-www.loc.gov.oasys.lib.oxy.edu/item/afcwip002512/.
Taylor, David Alan, Charles "Chuck" Hardy, and Martha Cooper. Plant manager Charles "Chuck" Hardy in his office checking fabric samples and fabric orders hanging on the wall . -09-12. Photograph. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, <www.loc.gov/item/afcwip002512/>.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.965733
Retrieved Text: DECORATED amateur Katie Taylor has swapped to the professional ranks and signed a deal with Eddie Hearn's Matchroom Sport.
The 30-year-old, a winner of 18 gold medals as an amateur - including one at the 2012 Olympics - will make her professional debut at Wembley Arena on November 26.
Taylor, from Bray, turns pro with five world and six European titles to her name, and will quickly follow her debut by supporting heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua in Manchester on December 10.
"When I first dreamt of Olympic gold, female boxing was practically unknown," Taylor said.
"Now because of my journey and the incredible supporters who came along with me, female boxing is as much part of the fabric of the Olympics as its male counterpart.
Hearn added that he was happy to have added a boxing "icon" to his stable.
"Today marks a significant day for our sport with the news that Katie is joining the professional ranks," he said.
"She is one of the most decorated amateur boxers of all time and a public icon in Ireland.
"I met Katie for the first time last week and was fascinated by her desire to not just win world titles but to break down the barriers of women's boxing, she is an incredible role model."

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.863997
Retrieved Text: CHESTER -- Mr. John S. Taylor Jr., 77, of 1378 Liberty Road died March 18, 2008, at his residence.
The funeral will be 4 p.m. today at Calvary Baptist Church, with the Rev. David Sealy officiating. Burial will be at Old Purity Cemetery.
A native of Chester County, Mr. Taylor was a son of the late John S. and Maybelle Wilks Taylor. He was retired from Bell's Auto Body Work and was a member of Calvary Baptist Church and served in local mission work. He was a decorated U.S. Navy Korean War Veteran and widower of Frankie Mobley Taylor.
Surviving are three sisters, Viola T. Boulware and Essie T. McKee, both of Chester, S.C., and Barbara T. Wood of Hopewell, Va.; one brother, James W. Taylor of Lugoff, S.C.; and several nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by two sisters, Sadie T. Carter and Hazel T. Chafin.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.0633
Retrieved Text: Author Johnny L. Taylor was born August 13, 1944 near Little Rock, Arkansas. A decorated veteran of the United States Army, Taylor has used the desire, vision and passion he developed from his upbringing in the rural American South to become one of Little Rock’s most successful and respected entrepreneurs. In his second book, Growing Up in the South: Lessons Learned, Taylor shares with readers some of his formative experiences, from his days as a boy in a small Arkansas community, to his years of military service as a young man—including a tour of duty in Vietnam where he was wounded and for which he was subsequently awarded the Purple Heart—and finally to the years he spent laying the groundwork for becoming a community leader. A staunch and disciplined entrepreneur, self-taught craftsman and artisan, as well as an inspiration to many, Johnny Taylor professes a simplistic, common sense view of life that he has developed into a formula for success which he hopes to impart to readers in this easygoing narrative, which is part autobiographical, part social commentary, and part instructional treatise. Johnny Taylor is a successful real estate developer in Arkansas. He lives in Little Rock with his wife Alice Taylor.
Johnny and Alice founded Zero To Ten Publishing Company in 2004. Since then, they’ve offered readings and signings across the country include Words Worth Books & Company (Little Rock, AR), Arkansas Business and Technology Expo, Mellow Grounds Coffee Lounge (Chicago, IL), A-PLUS Southern Region 21st Annual Conference (Little Rock, AR), Veterans Homecoming Celebration (Branson, MO),

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.959349
Retrieved Text: We host five endowed lectures throughout the academic year. Endowed lectures are paid for with private funds invested and held by the Regents of the University.
The Daniel I. Arnon Lecture was established with resources from the Charles F. Kettering Foundation. The endowment also supports graduate students who are designated Arnon Fellows.
The Bob B. Buchanan and Harry Tsujimoto Lectures were established with a generous gift from the K/T Foundation of San Francisco.
The Taylor-White Lecture is a unique collaboration between Tom White, an entrepreneur, and John Taylor, a professor in the department. Together they performed research and published papers.
The Kustu Lecture is supported by donations from students, faculty and staff who worked with Sydney Kustu, a professor in the department.
The Arnon Lecture honors the late Professor Daniel I. Arnon (1910-1994). Arnon spent his career at Berkeley, obtaining his Ph.D. in plant nutrition with Dennis R. Hoagland and later joining the faculty. He is best known for his pioneering research in the fields of photosynthesis and plant nutrition. His career is recounted in a memoir written for the National Academy of Sciences. The lecture is held annually in early March. Speakers have made distinguished contributions to photosynthesis or a related field and are selected by the Arnon Lecture Committee.
The Bob. B. Buchanan Lecture honors Professor Bob B. Buchanan, a longtime faculty member in the department. Professor Buchanan did undergraduate work at Emory and Henry College and obtained a Ph.D. in Microbiology from Duke University. After completing postdoctoral research with the late Professor Jesse C. Rabinowitz in the Department of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.588818
Retrieved Text: Fancy Square Cookie Cutter measures about 4 inches. Use this unique cutter design to make fancy shaped cookies for special occasions.
Fancy Square Cookie Cutter will be 1-1/8-inches deep after one side of the copper is tightly folded over for safety and stability.
Click link to see our fancy basic shape cookie cutters, or here for more square cookie cutters.
FREE shipping on orders over $40 with this item.
* 25% discount applied on 1,425 select copper cookie cutters shapes, including this item. Discount shown in cart after adding 2 or more of any eligible item(s).
Photo courtesy of Georganne (LilaLoa) Bell of LilaLoablogspot.com.
Photo compliments of and cookies decorated by Krista Heij-Barber of kristascookieswithcharacterblogspot.com in Bolingbrook, Illinois.
Click this link to order our 2.75-inch Fancy Square Cookie Cutter.
Photo compliments of Teresa Thain from Sugar T's Cookies in North Hollywood, California.
Decorated by Vicki Taylor of Sweet Tweets in Petal, Mississippi.
Cookies decorated by Laurie Anglen of Cookie Bliss in Meridian, Idaho.
Photo compliments of and cookies decorated by Vicki Taylor of Sweet Tweets in Petal, Mississippi.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.583868
Retrieved Text: Want tips for how to put your garden beds to sleep for the cold season and suggestions for plants to add winter interest to your garden? Register for our October Learn & Shop class.
The first 90 minutes will be an exclusive talk with our resident plant expert and nursery manager, Taylor Lewis. He will share tips for preparing your garden for the cold season so it will look terrific next spring. Plus he'll spotlight some of his favorite plants for adding fun flair to a winter landscape.
Following the talk with Taylor, stay and enjoy private shopping time in the Arboretum Teaching Nursery. It's not too late to plant!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.500822
Retrieved Text: Casey Ratzlaff, the top men’s wheelchair tennis player in the United States, has had quite the start to 2018.
In January, he led the US team in qualifying for the World Team Cup Finals May 28-June 3 in Apeldoorn, Netherlands, and in April he was a part of the United States Tennis Association’s contingent to share tennis at the White House’s annual Easter Egg Roll.
But Ratzlaff feels he’s just really getting started on both his year and his career. The Wichita-native completed his freshman year at Wichita State where he’s planning to major in sports management. And with finals behind him, he’s preparing to become a globetrotter of sorts this summer.
Before joining his teammates, Conner Stroud and Chris Herman in the Netherlands, he’ll also make stops in Italy and France for tune-up events. Nick Taylor, also of Wichita, will be on the quad team while Kevin Heim of Lincoln, Nebraska will be a coach.
The 19 year-old Ratzlaff is currently ranked No. 37 and even though he’s ahead of his expectations in his career, he recognizes he still has a gap to close between himself and the elite players in the world.
Ratzlaff trains in Wichita alongside his coach Justin DeSanto and also receives plenty of support from Nick Taylor, who is among the most decorated US wheelchair tennis players.
Ratzlaff is the next generation of American wheelchair tennis, following the footsteps of Taylor and his partner David Wagner. Taylor has won three Paralympics gold medals, and 11 grand slams.
Beyond the immediate events in Amsterdam, Ratzlaff is also holding out

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.270151
Retrieved Text: Walsh, E; Elmore, JM; Taylor, CG. 2017. Root-Knot Nematode Parasitism Suppresses Host RNA Silencing. Molecular Plant-Microbe Interactions 30:295-300.
Stasko, AK; Wickramasinghe, D; Nauth, BJ; Acharya, B; Ellis, ML; Taylor, CG; McHale, LK; Dorrance, AE. 2016. High-Density Mapping of Resistance QTL Toward Phytophthora sojae, Pythium irregulare, and Fusarium graminearum in the Same Soybean Population. Crop Science 50: 2476-2492.
Marella, HH; Nielsen, E; Schachtman, DP; Taylor, CG. 2013. The Amino Acid Permeases AAP3 and AAP6 Are Involved in Root-Knot Nematode Parasitism of Arabidopsis. Molecular Plant-Microbe Interactions 26:44-54.
Mavrodi, Olga V.; Walter, Nathalie; Elateek, Sawsan; Taylor, Christopher G.; Okubara, Patricia A. 2012. Suppression of Rhizoctonia and Pythium root rot of wheat by new strains of Pseudomonas. Biological Control 62(2): 93-10.
Radwan O, Govindarajulu M, Taylor CG, Stacey G, Clough SJ. 2012. A 14-3-3 protein encoded by the SGF14c gene plays a critical role during establishing normal nodulation in soybean. Plant Physiology 160: 2125-2136.
Libault M, Govindarajulu M, Berg RH, Ong YT, Puricelli K, Taylor CG, Stacey G. 2011. A dual-targeted soybean protein is involved in Bradyrhizobium japonicum infection of soybean root hair and cortical cells. Molecular Plant-Microbe Interactions 24:10951-1060. Cover photo: Soybean root nodule cell.
Morse AM, Carballo V, Baldwin DA, Taylor CG, and McIntyre LM. 2010. Comparison between NuGEN's Ovation Pico and One-Direct Amplfication System. Journal of Biomolecular Techniques 21:141-147.
Libault M, Joshi T, Takahashi K, Hurley-Sommer A, Puricelli K, Blake S, Finger RE, Taylor CG, Xu D, Nguyen HT, Stacey G. 2009, Large-Scale Analysis of Putative Soybean Regulatory Gene Expression Identifies a Myb Gene Involved in Soybean Nodule Development. Plant Physiology 151:1207-1220.
Dalton DA, Boniface

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.740345
Retrieved Text: The IUS greenhouse, located right beside the Life Sciences building.
Filled with cacti, flowering plants, orchids and fish tanks, the IUS greenhouses will immediately make a student forget he or she is on a college campus. The controlled greenhouses are a unique spot for students and faculty to house research projects and learn more in-depth about different sciences.
Intro biology courses and upper level plant science courses are among the classes that use the main greenhouse for class and individual research projects.
There are two greenhouses and one smaller greenhouse only used by faculty, so they can have a very controlled environment for research.
Daughtery has enjoyed taking care of the main greenhouse for over two years and said the greenhouse provides great opportunities for IU Southeast students.
Josh Daughtery, environmental sustainability and regeneration senior, maintains the greenhouse as part of his work-study position. He said that it has been great being part of the greenhouse in that way for the past two and a half years.
Daughtery maintains the greenhouse by taking care of watering and fertilizing the plants three days a week. He also takes care of plants that are inside the Life Sciences building.
“[There are] a wide variety of plants. One side is kept dryer and has cacti, and there are even carnivorous plants,” Daughtery said.
Douglas Darnowski, associate professor of biology, said the large collections of succulents and orchids make the IU Southeast greenhouse unique.
Adding to that, Darnowski said that there is a large flowering vanilla bean orchid in the greenhouse, which has natural vanilla that comes from the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.514183
Retrieved Text: Mario is a silver plate cream jug.
He has a smooth plain body with ornate decorated handle and feet.
Mario is on his own and very independent.
He is perfect to make your salad dressing or just a great alternative for plant pot.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.447674
Retrieved Text: Some medals stolen from a decorated firefighter were returned anonymously.
However, in a strange act of thoughtfulness, the thieves saw fit to return Waroona West Volunteer Bushfire Brigade captain Greg Lewis’s national service medal.
Waroona officer-in-charge Senior Sergeant Jeff Taylor was disgusted the thieves had targeted the volunteer firefighter.
“The thieves had a change of heart and put the medals in a letterbox in town,” he said.
Mr Lewis, who is 64 years old, said he would love to see the jewellery come back.
He said some of the stolen jewellery included irreplaceable family heirlooms with value far beyond its price.
Mr Lewis was fixing the fences around his property during the break-in. The fences were damaged during the Yarloop/Waroona fires.
The brazen thieves broke into his home after midday and “went through every cupboard”.
“They’re buggers, real nice people,” Mr Lewis said.
The national medal the thieves returned was awarded to Mr Lewis for more than 15 years service as a volunteer firefighter.
It is awarded to people who risk their lives or safety to protect or assist the community in enforcement of the law or in times of emergency or natural disaster.
Sgt Taylor would like anyone with information about the thefts to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.421297
Retrieved Text: The New Zealand star says she and Taylor are now so close they text each other for advice.
Lorde has revealed she and Taylor Swift have become great friends and are in regular contact with each other.
The 'Royals' singer, who has been outspoken about the '22' star in the past, says she is now close with Taylor and often texts her about everything from present ideas to decorating advice.
"Taylor's super-good at this stuff," Lorde reveals in the new issue of Rolling Stone. "She's decorated her own house for ages."
Lorde also said she was "floored" after Taylor sent her a bunch of flowers to celebrate her success with 'Royals' last year.
The New Zealand singer also opened up about making amends with Taylor after her comments about the stars in 2013.
"She was like, 'it's fine. If all you've done is call someone perfect, it's not that bad," Lorde explained.
Lorde and Taylor Swift are both set to perform live at the Grammy Awards 2013 this Sunday 26th January.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.39268
Retrieved Text: The East Anglian Area has been in existence now since 1988 formally being the Peterborough Begonia Group. John Taylor is the area representative taking over from Dave Staines. John became the representative in Autumn 1993, he has been growing begonias for over 30 years mainly double tuberous and rexes he also enjoys designing and erecting stands of begonias with a different theme each year mainly in aid of charities. The area is run by a group of enthusiastic members one of whom was the late Roy Mackey who was a well known character and an enthusiastic grower of cut blooms. Roy is greatly missed as he was known as the man who can. If any member wanted something in the begonia world they would ring up Roy and if Roy hadn’t got it he invariably knew someone who had. He was a man with an enquiring brain and loved nothing better than experimenting with composts etc. to better our begonias.
The late Roy Mackey, stalwart Area member pictured at the National Show in 2001.
The group meet up at the canteen, Castle Cement, Ketton, Stamford, Linc’s three times a year and also hold a satellite meeting at Sawston , Cambridgeshire. Most years we take a weekend trip over to the continent to visit shows or nurseries. They also have a stand and bureau at the East Anglian Flower Show at Bourn, Camb’s in June. Their area show is held at the Baytree Garden Centre, Spalding on the second weekend in August each year.
Baytree Nurseries, Weston, Spalding, Lancs.
Sunday 10th.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.37055
Retrieved Text: Nathan and his female partner wear Cooper lacrosse shoulder pads, cricket batting gloves.
Warrior Woman wears unpainted white football pads, a long off-white sweater, suede headband, suede kidney belt decorated with antique finish rivets, a white laced-up gauntlet, a white gauntlet glove, white tights, white garment leather tied onto lower legs with string, white Converse All-Star Chuck Taylor hi-top sneakers. She wields a knife on a leg holster, and a camouflage Phaser compound Bow, with the quiver attached to the side of the bow.
White Jofa elbow pads can be seen on one defender.
Generally, the Defender’s costumes consist of lacrosse, cricket and hockey gear, and a jumble of various clothing, with colors ranging from white, cream yellow, brown and lavender.
The Mechanic wears a buckle on his belt that is made from a 1950 Buick emblem.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.322536
Retrieved Text: Taylor, David Alan, Maria Atiles, and Martha Cooper. Maria Atiles working at a loom on the second floor of the plant . New Jersey Paterson United States, 1994. -08-16. Photograph. https://0-www.loc.gov.oasys.lib.oxy.edu/item/afcwip000675/.
Taylor, D. A., Atiles, M. & Cooper, M. (1994) Maria Atiles working at a loom on the second floor of the plant . New Jersey Paterson United States, 1994. -08-16. [Photograph] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://0-www.loc.gov.oasys.lib.oxy.edu/item/afcwip000675/.
Taylor, David Alan, Maria Atiles, and Martha Cooper. Maria Atiles working at a loom on the second floor of the plant . -08-16. Photograph. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, <www.loc.gov/item/afcwip000675/>.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.311592
Retrieved Text: What the heck was that? This place gives me the creeps.
A group of escaped convicts who sought to evade the Enforcers by hiding out in Megakat Swamp, where they unwittingly stumbled across Dr. Viper’s lair. The group of five were captured by Dr. Viper and a recently-revived Dr. Harley Street, who’d been recuperating in Viper’s lair. Street bit and converted all five prisoners, turning them into kat-Ci-Kat-A hybrids like himself, using them as his underlings to go and steal Super Katalyst 566 from Megakat Biochemical Labs as part of (he thought) his and Viper’s plan to take over the city. Instead, Street and all five converted prisoners, as well as the converted Enforcer rookie Gray Taylor, were betrayed and mutated even further than they already were by Viper using the very katalyst they’d stolen. While Street became an enormous black armored scarab, the convicts and Taylor were turned into hideous white grub worms. In this form, they burrowed to the Megakat Thermonuclear Plant, as part of Viper’s true plan; to cause the power plant reactor to go critical and melt down, irradiating Megakat City. Because of the plant’s proximity to Megakat Bay, the SWAT Kats were able to flood the building to cool the breached reactor, preventing it from going critical, drowning all of the mutated Ci-Kat-A beetle/grub worms in the process.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.201931
Retrieved Text: the legs. Norden kicked him aside.
"Keep moving!" Taylor ordered Norden, who had halted.
Taylor swung his fist. The blow connected and the officer caught the falling man, swung him over his shoulder, then turned to the cringing Orkins.
"If you don't want to be left here alone, follow us," he said.
Orkins suddenly regained his ability to use his muscles.
Masters, watching over his shoulder, chuckled. There was a faint wink of one eye visible in the moonlight.
"Kinda screwy, ain't he?" he said, jerking his head in Orkins' direction.
"I don't know that I blame him, much," Taylor said. "Look at the plant."
Over the roof and the smokestacks floated the yellowish-red ball of fire. Another sphere was emerging from the hole in the roof.
"What are they? A new kind of bomb?" Masters asked.
Published 5 months before the U.S entered WWII, this story is set in an arms factory run by the military which makes cannons for an apparently endless war. A soldier is called a Doughboy, the spy talks about the Fatherland, etc. What starts out as a spy story turns all science-fictiony when mysterious energy aliens appear and start killing people.
Everyone in the story is male. The aliens are eventually explained, which is nice. It's '40s pulp, don't expect a lot of depth of characterization. Reading the story did not harm me in any way.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.154026
Retrieved Text: Brad Taylor, a local agriculture teacher at Roland-Story High School in Story City, Iowa, was crowned the 2018-2019 Iowa Ag Educator of the Year with the inaugural Golden Owl Award. Nationwide honored Taylor’s substantial contributions to future industry leaders of agriculture education.
Nationwide established the Golden Owl Award to honor teachers and support them with additional resources to assist their continued educational efforts. Alongside a trophy, Taylor will receive $3,000 to further develop his programs to provide optimal student learning.
Taylor approaches each class with the same energy and level of commitment to the contests, conventions and projects his students have. This dedication to students has inspired many to continue within the agriculture field.
Taylor has created a positive program and atmosphere for his students and the community. For example, he formed a partnership with a local company to plant a garden cared for by FFA members with produce donated to the local food pantry. In 2018, more than 20,000 pounds of produce was donated.
The Golden Owl Award helps shed light on the importance of agricultural education and the tremendous contributions of teachers. As the number one farm insurer in the United States¹, Nationwide aims to bring attention to the growing need for agricultural educators. This effort is the result of a partnership between Nationwide, the Iowa FFA, the Ohio FFA, and Ohio Farm Bureau.
The Ohio grand-prize winner will be announced in May.
1 Source: 2016 SNL Financial Report. Based on statutory data.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.12709
Retrieved Text: Find listings of Bristol Asphalt & Tarmac. Featured listings include Taylor Plant & Surfacing Ltd., L G P Surfacing, Nailsea Construction, Aquafleet (Surfacing) Ltd, and Premiere Surfacing Contractors Ltd.. To suggest a listing in this category click here.
Taylor Plant & Surfacing Ltd.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.087795
Retrieved Text: All About Love: Ashley & Taylor's Baby Shower!
Ashley & Taylor's Baby Shower!
We had a small group baby shower for Taylor & Ashley Sunday night! We are so excited to meet Mattie!
We had it at a local restaurant, and decorated the table with mason jars, hydrangeas, and baby's breath (which I didn't really get a photo of).
The cake was simple buttercream, and Chelsea made the cute little burlap banner! Only she could pull that off!
Taylor works for Ben, and we are so happy and excited for them!!!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.056467
Retrieved Text: CELEBRATION, Fla. — Robert Newman "Mac" McChesney, 82, a retired colonel in the U.S. Air Force, died peacefully Saturday, Oct. 16, 2010, at his home, surrounded by his family, after bravely battling a long illness.
He was born May 15, 1928.
In more than 30 years in the service, he was a highly decorated officer who flew combat missions over Vietnam. He later served at Pease Air Force Base as Dep/Com RM of the 509th Bomb Wing for FB-111s, initially retiring in the Portsmouth area. A graduate of the University of New Hampshire, he was active in state Air Force Association affairs as president and later as a national director. He also served on the N.H. Governor's Council for Military Affairs.
Husband to Jan for nearly 60 years, he was father to Kimberly, Robert, Scott and Jeffrey and stepsons Colin and Alex; and grandfather to Lauren, Marc, Taylor, Brett, Ben, Tim and Kyle.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.049726
Retrieved Text: SRG Global Inc. (www.srgglobal.com), one of the world’s leading providers of advanced high value coatings on plastics for the automotive, commercial trucking and household appliance industries, today announced that its Ripley, Tenn., plant has received the prestigious "Q1" quality award from Ford Motor Company. Plant Manager Keith Taylor made the announcement.
"We are thrilled to receive this recognition from Ford Motor Company," said Taylor. "This achievement is a direct result of the hard work and determination of the 300-plus people who come to work every day with one thing in mind: doing their very best, so we can produce the very best for our customers."
The nearly 350,000 square foot plant houses several key processes, including molding, painting, chrome plating and assembly. Among its most visible consumer products is the grille for the hot-selling Ford Escape SUV.
Taylor said the company will officially celebrate the Q1 Award today at a plant open house and presentation with employees, customers and community leaders. Invited guests will receive a plant tour and the Q1 Ford flag will be raised and flown in recognition of the quality achievement.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.032625
Retrieved Text: The 2018 American Music Awards kicked off at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, California, on Tuesday, and some of music's biggest stars were out for the glitzy event, including Taylor Swift, Shawn Mendes, Dua Lipa and more.
Black-ish star Tracee Ellis Ross, returned for her second stint hosting the annual awards ceremony, which moved to an October weekday after having taken place on a Sunday in November in the past.
Taylor Swift was the big winner on the night, taking home several awards, including, Artist of the Year, and by doing so becoming the most decorated female artist in AMA history.
Read on below to see who took home awards.
2018 AMAs: See the Red Carpet Arrivals!
NEWS: 2018 American Music Awards Nominations: Bebe Rexha, Cardi B, Taylor Swift and More!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.974665
Retrieved Text: DECATUR, Ill. (DTN) -- Last summer I spent $5.95 plus tax to buy a common milkweed plant. In fact I bought several of them from a local nursery. AND I transplanted some milkweed from a local field into my flowerbed.
A good chunk of my childhood was spent ridding our farm fields of milkweed. The sticky, white, latex goo that came with each cut seemed to seep into the soul and glue hand to hoe. As we chopped, my father liked to relate his memories of how the government put out a wartime call to gather milkweed pods so the buoyant floss that filled them could be used to pack life preservers. In the sundrenched days of my youth, I remember hoping for a few escapes. I loved popping the pods open to find the seeds overlapping like scales, just waiting to be unfurled. Dried pods became boats to float down the creek and even decorated our Christmas tree.
Today, there is a new call to bring back milkweed to save the monarch butterfly. The larvae of these magnificent pollinators feed exclusively on milkweed in North America.
"Monarch butterfly populations are declining due to loss of habitat," said Chip Taylor, a University of Kansas University professor and director of Monarch Watch. "To assure a future for monarchs, conservation and restoration of milkweeds needs to be a national priority."
Studies of the annual cycle of the monarch population indicate that the most important region supporting this species is a corridor of milkweed and nectar resources that ranges from Texas to Minnesota.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.921772
Retrieved Text: Obituary for John Allen Owens | Thomas Funeral Home P.A.
John Allen Owens, 83, of Cambridge passed away on Friday, March 15, 2019 at Coastal Hospice at the Lake. He was born in Quantico, MD on May 11, 1935 and was a son of the late John Willie Owens and Virginia Taylor Owens Humphrey’s.
Mr. Owens graduated from Wicomico High School class of 1953. Then he attended Salisbury State, and transferred to University of Maryland College Park, where he received his bachelor’s degree in 1957. He served in the U.S. Army from 1957 to 1959 where he was stationed in Germany. In 1966, he started with Icelandic Coldwater Seafood in Nanticoke, and in 1968, they built a plant in Cambridge, where he transferred as plant manager, to second in command, and back to being plant manager.
Allen was an avid fan of Bluegrass Music from the age of 13. He fell in love with the music and the singers, after his military service in Germany. Allen came home and started attending Bluegrass concerts. He could drive to and later fly to all concerts, up and down the East and West Coast, including Canada. Allen started a collection of early Bluegrass albums on all up and coming Bluegrass greats. He collected albums and singers from the early beginning. His collection and his knowledge of Bluegrass was by his intent and desire to see and hear all Bluegrass local talented as well as the great Bill Monroe, Ralph Stanley, Flatt and Scruggs, and local Baltimorean Charlie Moore. He studied the life

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.793348
Retrieved Text: Taylor, David Alan, Teresa Maturano, Cindy Fanslau, Carmen Ortiz, Gladys Ortiz, and Martha Cooper. Four workers having lunch in room at the back of the first floor of the plant; left to right:Teresa Maturano, Cindy Fanslau, Carmen Ortiz, Gladys Ortiz . New Jersey Paterson United States, 1994. -08-16. Photograph. https://0-www.loc.gov.oasys.lib.oxy.edu/item/afcwip000678/.
Taylor, D. A., Maturano, T., Fanslau, C., Ortiz, C., Ortiz, G. & Cooper, M. (1994) Four workers having lunch in room at the back of the first floor of the plant; left to right:Teresa Maturano, Cindy Fanslau, Carmen Ortiz, Gladys Ortiz . New Jersey Paterson United States, 1994. -08-16. [Photograph] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://0-www.loc.gov.oasys.lib.oxy.edu/item/afcwip000678/.
Taylor, David Alan, et al. Four workers having lunch in room at the back of the first floor of the plant; left to right:Teresa Maturano, Cindy Fanslau, Carmen Ortiz, Gladys Ortiz . -08-16. Photograph. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, <www.loc.gov/item/afcwip000678/>.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.748959
Retrieved Text: See more objects with the tag borders, flowers, dining, plates, nature, eating, jack-in-the-pulpit.
See more objects with the color dimgrey grey darkseagreen darkolivegreen grey or see all the colors for this object.
This is a Plate. It was designed by Walter Dorwin Teague and manufactured by Taylor, Smith and Taylor. It is dated 1952 and we acquired it in 2002. Its medium is glazed porcelain, transfer printed decoration. It is a part of the Product Design and Decorative Arts department.
This plate is from a set designed by Walter Dorwin Teague called Conversation, made by the American pottery firm Taylor, Smith & Taylor. It has printed ornamentation in the King O’Dell pattern showing a jack-in-the-pulpit flower. Conversation was introduced in 1952 and proved a popular seller in the 1950s. Some Conversation pieces had plain pastel glazes while others were decorated with decals of floral motifs.
The plate is a welcome addition to the museum’s collection of American mid-century tablewares, and will also expand our holdings of works by Walter Dorwin Teague, which include table glass, car models, and the Kodak Brownie camera.
It is credited Gift of The Lake St. Louis Historical Society.
On underside, printed in gilt: "KING O'DELL PATTERN"; printed underglaze "TAYLOR SMITH TAYLOR, USA, CONVERSATION, DESIGN BY WALTER DORWIN TEAGUE, 8-52, 3"

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.743912
Retrieved Text: Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, TX is a team of professionals who have the necessary knowledge, experience and expertise in providing its customers around the Taylor, TX with all kinds of services on Bluestone Pavers. Our service providers have been in business for a very long time and have gained the necessary experience that enables the Bluestone Paver Guys to still be the number one Bluestone Pavers service provider around Taylor, TX.
Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, TX is very reliable service provider in that we operate on a 24 hour basis and our staff are always on toes to ensure that all your needs are well catered for. You can visit the Bluestone Paver Guys at any time of call our contact cent on 888-374-4458 and you will feel at ease working with us. Our experts are time conscious and respond to your requests as fast as you notify them. Bluestone Paver Guys ensures that our customers get our services whenever they want them and at the right time. Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, TX is reliable organization in terms of service delivery, time management and the quality of services it provides. Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, TX is dedicated to making sure that your premises is fully and beautifully decorated using Bluestone Pavers and always offering the customers around Taylor, TX the best option and advice on Bluestone Pavers.
For more information on this and much more, call Bluestone Paver Guys on 888-374-4458 or you can visit us at any time in Taylor, TX.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.709286
Retrieved Text: Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, MS is a team of professionals who have the necessary knowledge, experience and expertise in providing its customers around the Taylor, MS with all kinds of services on Bluestone Pavers. Our service providers have been in business for a very long time and have gained the necessary experience that enables the Bluestone Paver Guys to still be the number one Bluestone Pavers service provider around Taylor, MS.
Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, MS is very reliable service provider in that we operate on a 24 hour basis and our staff are always on toes to ensure that all your needs are well catered for. You can visit the Bluestone Paver Guys at any time of call our contact cent on 888-374-4458 and you will feel at ease working with us. Our experts are time conscious and respond to your requests as fast as you notify them. Bluestone Paver Guys ensures that our customers get our services whenever they want them and at the right time. Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, MS is reliable organization in terms of service delivery, time management and the quality of services it provides. Bluestone Paver Guys in Taylor, MS is dedicated to making sure that your premises is fully and beautifully decorated using Bluestone Pavers and always offering the customers around Taylor, MS the best option and advice on Bluestone Pavers.
For more information on this and much more, call Bluestone Paver Guys on 888-374-4458 or you can visit us at any time in Taylor, MS.

================



======= Instance Index 5313 =========
Input Text: Context: according to the article Lee collected dust.

Question: How would Lee feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: un well

B: a person with sentimental tendencies who keeps everything they have

C: someone who has a hard time getting to work cleaning

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.44341
Retrieved Text: Everett Clinic allergist, Dr. Jennifer Lee, contributed to the Herald's Health & Wellness feature, "Air quality —inside as well as outside— can affect your health."
Some people suffer from persistent, low-grade nasal congestion, sneezing, coughing and irritated eyes without realizing they have an indoor air allergy. Common culprits include pet dander, dust mites and mold.
“Cat and dog dander is very light and fluffy. It's in the air all the time. The particles don't settle as much and it easily spreads throughout the house. It's hard to avoid,” Lee says.
For sufferers, the best solution is to not adopt pets. If that is not an option, at least keep animals well groomed and frequently bathed.
Dust mites are another widespread, airborne allergen. According to the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, an estimated 20 million Americans are allergic. They are invisible to the eye and it is impossible to completely eliminate them from one's home.
This makes it easier to minimize the impact. Consistently and thoroughly clean such areas as carpets, furniture and toys. Dust-mite covers for beds can be helpful.
Lastly, the Northwest offers prime conditions for indoor mold, which thrives in warm, damp and humid conditions. Kitchens, bathrooms and basements are particularly susceptible. It also flourishes on paper products, cardboard and ceiling tiles.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, some studies have linked early mold exposure to the development of childhood asthma.
Ready to speak to an allergist about your symptoms? Schedule an appointment today through your Everett Clinic MyChart.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.889853
Retrieved Text: SysTech in SPRAYTIME - Local Considerations in Thermal Spray Dust Collection - SysTech Design Inc.
In the first quarter 2018 edition of SPRAYTIME (Published by the International Thermal Spray Association, A Standing Committee of the American Welding Society), Adam Conley is interviewed sharing his knowledge of air handling fans in dust collection systems. Paul Richard, Donaldson Co., Inc., OEM Accounts Manager, explores how local climate affects process exhaust and dust collection systems in his article “Local Considerations in Thermal Spray Dust Collection” in SPRAYTIME magazine.
The article addresses design and operation parameters that are sometimes overlooked.
Keeping your dust collection system running optimally, makes it important to review surrounding environmental factors such as temperature, altitude, wind and seismic design, as well as the location or positioning of the physical dust collection system. These parameters have impacts that affect the collection efficiency on the dirty airstream, cleaning of collected particulate from the filter media and the cleaned recirculation airstream or discharge.
Resultant factors that could impact your total collection system include condensation in the duct, dust collector or compressed air line, reduced fan performance as density changes with temperature and elevation, structural integrity of the collector and duct based on weather conditions and potential catastrophic events, electrical power requirement to operate the fan, and compressed air usage.
Mr. Richard presents an important reminder of why and how we need to address these criteria proactively. Understanding and addressing the potential impacts of each one of those factors mentioned will determine the system collection efficiency and time spent maintaining a thermal spray dust collection

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.381506
Retrieved Text: The congresswoman is leaning on a loophole to exceed finance limits.
Rep. Mia Love is in hot water with the Federal Election Commission (FEC) after her team raised more than a million dollars for a primary election that wasn’t expected to happen, according to documents obtained by CNN.
Love, who has previously stirred controversy with her gun control views, won a nomination for a third term as Utah’s 4th congressional district representative at the state’s nominating convention in April. Candidates who get a nomination at a convention, especially those who do not have challengers, don’t move forward to a primary election. However, the congresswoman raised a reported $1,153,624 for a primary, according to a letter from the FEC sent to Love. She also secured another $372,468 for a primary that her team knew wasn’t going to happen, the FEC said.
The rep’s actions have broken federal campaign finance laws, but her campaign only wants to refund or re-designate a portion of the collected money for the general election fund, the congresswoman’s team said on Friday (Sept. 7). The group may even be able to move forward and hold onto some of the funds by taking advantage of a loophole.
Love’s campaign is arguing that they should be able to keep funds collected before the convention based on a previous case. The FEC set a precedent by allowing Utah Sen. Mike Lee to hold onto collected funds for a primary for his 2016 re-election campaign that never took place. However, Love and Lee’s situations differ in that Lee anticipated an expected

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.29178
Retrieved Text: Every day, billions of viruses are carried by high winds from continent to continent.
There’s no escape. Our planet is swarming with viruses. UBC Science describes new measurements from mountaintops in Spain, saying, “An astonishing number of viruses are circulating around the Earth’s atmosphere – and falling from it – according to new research from scientists in Canada, Spain and the U.S.” The number of viruses they found is 9 to 461 times as high as for bacteria carried aloft.
“Every day, more than 800 million viruses are deposited per square metre above the planetary boundary layer—that’s 25 viruses for each person in Canada,” said University of British Columbia virologist Curtis Suttle, one of the senior authors of a paper in the International Society for Microbial Ecology Journal that outlines the findings.
The viruses are swept up by sea spray and by winds over the land. Carried upward above the clouds, they can be transported across continents before rains and Sahara dust intrusions deposit them back onto the land. This helps explain why genetically identical viruses have been found in different environments around the globe.
Evolution News reported that tens of thousands of bacteria live in dust grains carried by clouds. The article asked whether the global transport of biological systems might be necessary for a planet’s habitability. Another article on Evolution News considered the rich biological communities that live in soil biocrusts. These ecosystems could possibly neutralize some of the static electricity that plagues the planet Mars, the moon, and Saturn’s large moon Titan.
One gram of soil contains at

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.275934
Retrieved Text: Law of the Republic of Armenia "About establishment for owners of the privatized apartments of the state and public housing stock of privilege..."
Article 1. The physical persons which are considered by taxpayers on property (further - citizens), - owners of the privatized apartment houses and living spaces of the state and public housing stock (further - apartments) - are exempted from the tax discharge on property for apartments in the amount of the amount of the rent collected with violation of the law after July 1, 1995 housing and operational and construction maintenance agencies or their legal successors (the daleezhilishchno-operational companies) if there is no written agreement between the housing and operational companies and citizens about compensation to citizens of these amounts in other form (before representation of data to bodies of tax authorities according to the procedure, the stipulated in Clause 3 presents of the Law).
Article 2. The tax amounts determined by the Law of the Republic of Armenia "About the property tax" on property which are subject to payment by citizens regarding the structures which are considered as the taxation object first of all decrease by the privilege sum determined according to article 1 of this Law.
Article 3. The housing and operational companies in three-months time from the moment of the introduction of this Law in force, according to the procedure, established by Tax authorities of the Republic of Armenia, represent data on the rent collected for the privatized apartments to bodies of Tax authorities of the Republic of Armenia.
Heads of municipalities of the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.139124
Retrieved Text: Jeff Eugene Lee is presumed innocent, until proven guilty in a court of law. Not all of outcomes are known or final.
Is Jeff Eugene Lee a criminal?
Jeff Lee is innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
What was Jeff Lee arrested for?
When was Jeff Lee arrested?
How old was Jeff Lee at the time of the arrest?
Where was Jeff Lee arrested?
What race is Jeff Eugene Lee?
Jeff Lee was 5'07" tall according to the Ohio Law Enforcement report.
What was Jeff's hair color?
Jeff Lee had brown hair at the time of the arrest.
What was Jeff's eye color?
Jeff Lee had brown eyes.
When was Jeff Lee born?
Jeff Eugene Lee was born on June 10,1982.
Jeff Eugene Lee ( Male ) was 36 years old at the time of the arrest. was arrested on 2019-01-18 06:42:00. The arrest number on file is 53533. The arrest was made by SHEL-JAIL .
Below you can find more information about the charges of Jeff Eugene Lee (if available).
This official record of Jeff Eugene Lee is redistributed by FindMugshots.com and is protected by publishing, constitutional and other legal rights. The official record was collected from local law enforcement agencies of Ohio. Not all of outcomes of this arrest report are known or final.
Not the Jeff Eugene Lee you were searching for? Use the search bar above to find the correct record or view all results for Jeff Lee in All States.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.055807
Retrieved Text: Christine Lee, a California-based artist and designer, first met FPL engineer John Hunt when she was an artist-in-residence in the University of Wisconsin Art Department’s wood program. Since then, their partnership has proven that great things can happen when art meets science.
Lee’s art often aims to reveal the hidden potential in discarded materials. While at the University of Wisconsin, she wanted to take the idea of reuse one step further, creating a work of art from waste materials and then using the waste from her art project to create yet another product.
Lee was familiar with FPL’s work, and Hunt seemed a natural fit for partnering, as much of his research revolves around using waste material as well. Working with material ranging from recycled cardboard to cow manure, there is certainly an element of creativity to his research, and Hunt was interested in seeing what an engineer and an artist could come up with together.
Lee began with a large supply of scrap wood that would usually be turned into mulch. Using specific woodworking machines, Lee used the scrap wood to create multiples of a building block inspired by her childhood experience with Lincoln Logs. She also collected the sawdust generated from her project, and separated it according to species.
As for the collected sawdust, Hunt used the waste from Lee’s project to create a series of test panels. Made from sawdust and recycled paper pulp fibers, Hunt produced the panels using wet-forming and heat-pressing processes without the use of adhesives.
Hunt went on to evaluate the physical and mechanical

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.950447
Retrieved Text: David Lee Harris is presumed innocent, until proven guilty in a court of law. Not all of outcomes are known or final.
Is David Lee Harris a criminal?
David Harris is innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
When was David Harris arrested?
How old was David Harris at the time of the arrest?
Where was David Harris arrested?
What race is David Lee Harris?
David Harris was 5' 11'' tall according to the California Law Enforcement report.
David Harris had grey or partly grey hair at the time of the arrest.
David Harris had brown eyes.
When was David Harris born?
David Lee Harris was born on August 27,1974.
David Lee Harris ( Male ) was 44 years old at the time of the arrest. was arrested on 2019-03-25 10:40:00. The arrest number on file is 1916749.
Below you can find more information about the charges of David Lee Harris (if available).
This official record of David Lee Harris is redistributed by FindMugshots.com and is protected by publishing, constitutional and other legal rights. The official record was collected from local law enforcement agencies of California. Not all of outcomes of this arrest report are known or final.
Not the David Lee Harris you were searching for? Use the search bar above to find the correct record or view all results for David Harris in All States.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.897133
Retrieved Text: Yuchun and Juhyun Lee(COSMAX BTI Researcher) made an oral presentation about “skin color” at 2018 Fall Conference of Korean Society of Color Studies in KAIST. Yuchun presented an article entitled as “Affective Effect of Target Skin Color,” the part of her master thesis. In this research, how people perceive the same portraits concerning different target skin color was investigated. Target skin color was obtained from the literature review of three aspects of skin researches, real skin color, memory skin color, and preferred digital skin color. Through the evaluation, she concluded that different target skin color setting could lead to different emotional image qualities.
Juhyun also presented an article entitled as “Analysis of measured, reports, and pursued skin color.” This study collected standard quantified data on the skin colors of Korea men and women using spectrophotometer, and surveyed self-reported their skin color. The experiment result indicated that skin color is very complex and there are color differences especially between facial and hand. Hence, it could be said that there are many errors when consumers choice makeup products. In addition, the pattern was found that consumers wanted to be like their ideals, not redeem. Juhyun Lee won the best presentation award, and Yuchun Yan and Hyeon-Jeong Suk were the coauthor. Congratulation!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.881622
Retrieved Text: Studies show that debris collected from the air filter in a ventilation system contains between 100 and 6,700 bacteria per gram of dust (approx 2,800 – 190,000 bacteria per ounce), from ventilation ducts contains between 50 and 50,000 bacteria per gram (approx 1,400 to 1,400,000 bacteria per ounce), and the floor debris contains similar numbers of bacteria.
Other studies show that dust also contains many other biological contaminants such as mite and insect excrement, heavy metals as well as many organic contaminants such as soot, industrial residues and pesticides.
Use electrostatic towels, damp rags or vacuuming (with hepa-filter) to gather up settled debris (without stirring it into the air) is the safest way to prevent inhalation of household contaminants. Dust is a definite health threat; especially for people with asthma as well as those who don’t want the ailment. Keep up on the removal of such debris and you’ll have a healthier indoor environment.
*Source of the above was referenced from an article by Cornell University Ergonomics.
A healthier indoor environment prevents allergies and illnesses from affecting your families over-all well being. Studies have also shown that approximately 80% of dust consists of dead skin cells from our bodies.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.837826
Retrieved Text: The Lee Bros. Southern Cookbook, a six hundred page cookbook, created by Matt and Ted Lee Brothers was just published according to The Daily Dispatch. The Lee Brothers spent most of their â€œserious growing upâ€ in Charleston & the cookbook has recipes for Sweet Potato Buttermilk Pie, Boiled Peanuts, Sorghum Swirl Ice Cream, Brunswick Stew, Lady Baltimore Cake and more.
This particular article has the recipes for Sweet Potato Buttermilk Pie, Ham Relish and Slab Bacon and Cheddar Cheese Broiled Grits.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.777117
Retrieved Text: Home / Announcements / Apple iOS / Rumors / Apple hires former LG OLED specialist for Rumored Apple TV?
Apple hires former LG OLED specialist for Rumored Apple TV?
According to the VERGE, apple has hired an OLED specialist, Jame Lee, who’s currently working at LG in the OLED research center. Lee worked in Samsung, LG and Cambridge Display Technology before. Being the core member of LG’s television development team, Lee is a very key character in leading the research. Although rumors point to possible products like Apple TV associated with this staff movement in Cupertino, there are still some thoughts with regard to Apple wanting to develop its own technology rather than relying on third party suppliers.
« Previous Article Samsung Galaxy S4 mini and Samsung smart watch confirmed along with Samsung Galaxy S4?
Next Article » Android version whatsapp to have a new interface.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.581884
Retrieved Text: Curtis Lee plain jr Williams is presumed innocent, until proven guilty in a court of law. Not all of outcomes are known or final.
Is Curtis Lee Plain Jr Williams a criminal?
Curtis Williams is innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
What was Curtis Williams arrested for?
When was Curtis Williams arrested?
How old was Curtis Williams at the time of the arrest?
Where was Curtis Williams arrested?
What race is Curtis Lee Plain Jr Williams?
Curtis Williams was 5'08'' tall according to the Iowa Law Enforcement report.
What was Curtis's hair color?
Curtis Williams had black hair at the time of the arrest.
What was Curtis's eye color?
Curtis Williams had brown eyes.
Curtis Lee plain jr Williams ( Male ) was 30 years old at the time of the arrest. was arrested on 2018-09-14 03:09:00. Was arrested in WATERLOO, Iowa.
Below you can find more information about the charges of Curtis Lee plain jr Williams (if available).
This official record of Curtis Lee plain jr Williams is redistributed by FindMugshots.com and is protected by publishing, constitutional and other legal rights. The official record was collected from local law enforcement agencies of Iowa. Not all of outcomes of this arrest report are known or final.
Not the Curtis Lee plain jr Williams you were searching for? Use the search bar above to find the correct record or view all results for Curtis Williams in All States.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.547853
Retrieved Text: For anyone lucky enough to be in the vicinity of Bologna, check out the Children’s Book Fair! One day I’ll get there!
This entry was posted in books and reading, illustration and tagged Ann Haddon, Ann James, Bologna Book Fair, Books Illustrated, celebrating books, Hello from Australia on March 13, 2013 by Judy Watson.
This is an article from the Korea JoongAng Daily, about a triple faceted exhibition ‘Faces of Australia’ at the Korea Foundation Cultural Centre Gallery until 7 March. It features the photographic works of Lee Kyung-wook; a range of books and prints by Australian illustrators, and showcases the work of Shaun Tan. Ann James, wearing a sling because she broke her wrist on the ice shortly after her arrival in Korea, talks about the exhibition. My mice from ‘Goodnight, Mice!’ are bedding down for the night at the top, just over Ann’s glorious ‘It’s a Miroocool’ dust cloud. I hope they don’t get dust in their whiskers.
Many thanks to Ann Haddon and Ann James for once again showcasing Australia’s illustrators overseas. You can see more photos from their trip and this exhibition at the Books Illustrated blog, listed on this page.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.5372
Retrieved Text: Yang, J.Y.T., Hsu, S.C., Dai, M., Hsiao, S.S.Y., Kao, S.J.* (2014), Isotopic composition of water-soluble nitrate in bulk atmospheric deposition at Dongsha Island: sources and implications of external N supply to the northern South China Sea. Biogeosciences11, 1833-1846.
Hsiao, S.S.Y., Hsu, T.C., Liu, J.W., Xie, X., Zhang, Y., Lin, J., Wang, H., Yang, J.Y.T., Hsu, S.C., Dai, M., Kao, S.J.* (2014). Nitrification and its oxygen consumption along the turbid Changjiang River plume Biogeosciences 11, 2083-2098.
Tsai F*, Tu JY, Hsu SC, Chen WN (2014), Case study of the Asian dust and pollutant event in spring 2006: Source, transport, and contribution to Taiwan. Science of the Total Environment 478, 163–174.
Hsu, S.C.*, Tsai, F., Lin, F.J., Chen, W.N., Shiah, F.K., Huang, J.C., Chan, C.Y., Chen, C.C., Liu, T.H., Chen, H.Y., Tseng, C.M., Huang, G.W., Huang, C.H., Lin, S.H., Huang, Y.T. (2013). A super Asian dust storm observed over the East and South China Seas: Disproportionate dust deposition. Journal of Geophysical Research -Atmosphere 118, 7169-7181, doi:10.1002/jgrd.50405.
Hsu, S.C.*, Lin, F.J., Liu, T.H., Lin, S.H., Kao, S.J. Tseng, C.M., Huang, C.H. (2013). Short time dissolution kinetics of refractory elements Fe, Al, and Ti in Asian outflow impacted marine aerosols and implications. Atmospheric Environment 79, 93-100, doi: 10.1016/j.atmosenv.2013.06.037.
Morton, P.L., Landing, W.M.*, Hsu, S.C., Milne, A., Aguilar-Islas, A.M., Baker, A.R., Bowie, A.R., Buck, C.S., Gao, Y., Gichuki, S., Hastings, M.G., Hatta, M., Johansen, A.M., Losno, R., Mead, C., Patey, M.D., Swarr, G., Vandermark, A., Zamora, L.M. (2013) INTERCAL: Results from the 2008 GEOTRACES aerosol intercalibration study, Limnology & Oceanography: Methods 11, 62-78.
Lin, Y.C., Huh, C.A.,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.53507
Retrieved Text: LEE COUNTY, Fla. -- A Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant in Bonita Springs is back open for business after it was temporarily closed by the Health Department for several violations, including rodent droppings.
According to the State Department of Business and Professional Regulation, a dozen violations were found at the restaurant on Chamber of Commerce Drive.
Inspectors say there was built up food, grease, dust, or mold in the ceilings and vents. They also found up to 25 rodent droppings in the dining area.
The restaurant was closed last Monday, but reopened the next day when they passed another inspection.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.50834
Retrieved Text: Hailed as an environmentally friendly part's finishing technique, the powder coating process would soon lose that much-advertised trait if any remaining particulates were allowed to settle like a fine layer of dust. Essentially, we talk about the coating cubicle as a well-ventilated space, but it's more than that. It's an airflow management zone, a place that automatically collects any powder that isn't electrostatically gripping the workpiece surface. In this sequence, the walk-in booth uses a filtered and air-dried compressor to discharge the coating. As it accumulates on the surface of a part, the airflow management system actuates a fan. In this manner, any overspray is ejected from the booth, but not lost, not in any way.
At this point, the powder has been expertly ejected, exposed to an electrostatic mechanism, and then the overspray has been collected. Believe it or not, the powder recovery system gets more complicated after the dust is collected. If we're talking about one colour, then the recycling hopper won't be stressed by the powder collection configuration we just described. However, what if there are several powder types in use that day, perhaps for different jobs? The solution is to use advanced dust collectors and cyclones. On the collector, special filter cartridges separate different powder types and send those streams to their assigned collection hoppers. As for the cyclone equipment, this gear uses centrifugal force and gravity to separate powder streams according to their relative density. Primarily, then, the dust clouds are separated from the air stream. As the powder accumulates in the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.462551
Retrieved Text: The average home collects 40 pounds of dust every year. And living in it are microscopic bugs that multiply fast and can make you sick: dust mites.
"Dust mites are one of the biggest predators that live in your home," said Dr. Robert Glatter, an emergency room physician at New York City's Lenox Hill Hospital. Also lurking in that dust, according to a recent study by George Washington University, are more than 45 toxic chemicals linked to respiratory, behavioral and neuro-development problems.
TODAY national investigative correspondent Jeff Rossen invited healthy home expert Lisa Beres to his own house to reveal the most common spots for dust mites — and how to get rid of them.
Toys: "This is where dust mites thrive," Beres warned in Rossen's daughter's room, where many toys collected dust. But she added a tip: "Put each toy in the freezer for 24 hours and it will kill the dust mites."
Mattresses and pillows are "one of the most prevalent areas that dust mites love," Beres said. But there's a simple solution: "Get an allergen barrier cover and put it over your pillows and mattress."
Air vents harbored the biggest build-up of dust in Rossen's home. With Beres' guidance, Rossen climbed a ladder and vacuumed his. "Just do that every time you do a routine cleaning and it will keep your air fresh," Beres promised.
Another tip: Air purifiers, available in many different sizes at big box stores, capture dust and allergens floating in your air and make it easier to breathe and sleep.
Are you prepared for a carbon

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.16697
Retrieved Text: As a patron of our communication disorder charity, we’re huge supporters of Lee Ridley and since he won Britain’s Got Talent in 2018, he has quickly become one of the nation’s favourite comedians. Now the dust has settled on his big win and his Royal Variety Performance has been completed, Lee has taken time to reflect on what a big year 2018 was for him and for disabled representation throughout the UK, picking his top 5 proudest moments.
It seems fair enough that Lee’s top moment of last year was being crowned the winner of BGT and as a communication disorder charity who supplies devices like the one he uses in his set, it might just be ours too!
Around the same time as Lee celebrated his win, Paralympic medallist Lauren Steadman made it into the semi-finals of Strictly Come Dancing. Born missing her lower right arm, she was one of the first contestants to have a physical disability to take part in the show.
Recognisable from ITV’s programme; The Chase Anne Hegarty opened up about living with Asperger’s. Lee agreed that her conversation whilst in the ‘I’m a Celebrity’ camp helped to change perceptions of Autism amongst the British Public.
Formula 4 racer Billy Monger lost both of his legs in an accident back in 2017 but last year returned to racing against able-bodied drivers in F3. Winning the Helen Rollason Award at the 2018 BBC Sports Personality of the Year, we think he has helped to prove that disability doesn’t make people unable to fulfil their dreams.
Lee has

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.15563
Retrieved Text: Korea has been covered with ultra fine dust lately.
Its concentration levels in Seoul and the surrounding Gyeonggi Province areas marked the highest since measurements began in 2015, according to the Korea Meteorological Administration.
The presidential website was filled with over 300 petitions from parents requesting the government install air purifiers at schools, while tens of thousands of citizens backed their claim.
The government strengthened its figures on measurements last month, putting fine dust levels over 36 micrograms per cubic meter into the "bad" category from the previous 51.
The move is likely to reduce outdoor school activities around the nation as an increasing number of parents request the government establish indoor gymnasiums at schools.
Education superintendent candidates have been using the parents' worries as their key campaign pledge ahead of the June 13 local elections.
The Ministry of Education also it will install air purifiers in classrooms within three years.
Gu Hee-hyun, who is a candidate running for superintendent of education for Gyeonggi Province, vowed to install air purifiers in every classroom.
"I will not use the lack of budget as an excuse. Even if I have to add a supplementary budget we will install them immediately," said Gu.
Chung Jin-woo, former president of the Korea Teacher and Education Workers Union (KTU), who is also running for superintendent in Gyeonggi Province, vowed to increase cooperation with companies to install air purifiers and fine dust measurement devices in each school.
Unlike other candidates, Cho Hi-yeon, the current head of the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education, who is likely to run for re-election said it is unrealistic

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.02759
Retrieved Text: Several news outlets are reporting on the raid of a gathering by a group of Uganda’s LGBT activists by the state Minister for Ethics and Integrity; ThinkProgress has summarized and collected the reporting.
Oklahoma is celebrating after electing its first openly gay state Senator by choosing State Rep. Al McAffrey in a special election yesterday, according to Victory Fund.
A school district in Michele Bachmann’s congressional district replaced the ‘gay silence’ policy linked to seven bullying-related student suicides in two years, according to Towleroad.
According to OutSports.com, two athletes are in trouble for tweeting the same word this week: Vancouver Whitecaps soccer star Lee Nguyen and a prospect for Minnesota Wild hockey playing for their Houston Aeros farm team, Justin Fontaine tweeted the famous anti-gay f-bomb.
Join the Washington Blade at 6:30 tonight for “Love Letters for Literacy” at the National Museum of Women in the Arts.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.989214
Retrieved Text: One of baseball’s biggest scouting events, the Perfect Game Memorial Day Classic, returns to Lee County May 27-30. Lee County will host tournaments for 14-and-under, 16-and-under and 18-and-under teams. Approximately 160 baseball teams from across the nation will hit the fields in Lee County to compete in the WWBA classic, which is part of the Perfect Game’s wood bat division. Games will take place at JetBlue Park, the Lee County Player Development Complex, the Cape Coral Sports Complex, the CenturyLink Sports Complex, City of Palms Park and Terry Park, along with Charlotte Sports Park in Charlotte County.
The Memorial Day Classic is expected to have a significant economic impact for Lee County, with last year’s event generating more than 7,000 room nights, $45,000 in bed taxes collected and $2.6 million in total economic impact, according to Jeff Mielke, executive director for Lee County Sports Development. Last year’s Memorial Day Classic featured 168 baseball teams from across the United States. Last June, Lee County also hosted the Perfect Game 2015 National Showcase, which brought 320 incoming high school seniors from around the country.
Perfect Game USA pr oduces the very highest national level individual player showcases and team tournaments all over the U.S., and Perfect Game events are followed closely by professional scouts and top recruiters. Close to 85 percent of the players end up signing with the top conferences and top programs in the country. In the history of the Perfect Game Memorial Day Classic, more than a dozen players who participated in the event have gone on

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.963003
Retrieved Text: Sleeping is great, but it doesn’t really hold a candle to other states of consciousness in the productivity department (for example, try cleaning your apartment while in a chemically-induced manic state, it flies by and your apartment will never be cleaner). But that seemingly universal truth doesn’t apply to Lee Hadwin, an artist with a real gift for portraiture … when he’s asleep.
And when I say Lee Hadwin has a gift, I don’t just mean that as a matter of opinion. His “sleep-drawing” skills have turned incredibly lucrative, selling three Marilyn Monroe portraits for a grand total of $6,000, and having his work collected by none other than Donald Trump. And according to Hadwin in a recent feature in The Independent, he’s completely unable to draw when he’s awake.
You can read that story on Lee Hadwin, the incredible sleeping artist, on The Independent website here. And in the gallery below you can check out a few pieces of his work, but a word of warning: It will probably make you feel pretty useless the next time you go to sleep and don’t have anything to show for it but a stronger immune system after you wake up.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.960836
Retrieved Text: Bruce Lee The Fighter remained another big flop in the career of mega powerstar Ram Charan. Rights of the film were sold prior to release for Rs.55 crore. But Bruce Lee collected only Rs.38 crore during first ten days post release. There are no signs of collections picking up in coming days also. What is surprising is collections of Bruce Lee dropped by 80% of those collected during first week, resulting in huge loss for distributors. Apart from negative talk the film has got, success of the films Varun Tej’s Kanche and Ohmkar’s Raju Gari Gadi is affecting Bruce Lee even more. Even megastar’s special entry also did not be of any benefit for Bruce Lee. Thus Bruce Lee The Fighter occupied list of Ram Charan’s biggest flops after Orange and Toofan. Trade experts say that Bruce Lee might not have collected even this much if it was released for Dasara.
Since audiences are not much interested in routine commercial films now-a-days, experts say that Ram Charan should chose different concepts without missing commercial elements.
Gopichand’s GAUTHAM NANDA First Look Unveiled!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.881197
Retrieved Text: Arthur Jafa’s Love is the Message, the Message is Death, an emotionally charged moving image portrait of contemporary African-American identity. The screening is followed by an in-depth conversation between Arthur Jafa, and artist and Artistic Director of 22nd Biennale of Sydney, Brook Andrew.
Set to Kanye West’s anthemic, gospel-infused song “Ultralight Beam”, Jafa’s acclaimed seven-minute film essays and celebrates a tumultuous century of African-American history and culture. In the process, he invokes everyone from Martin Luther King, Jr., and John Coltrane, to Nina Simone, Beyoncé, Michael Jordan, and The Notorious B.I.G.
Jafa first rose to prominence as the cinematographer on Julie Dash’s groundbreaking Daughters of the Dust (1991). He has since shot films for Spike Lee and Stanley Kubrick, and most recently directed music videos for Solange and Jay-Z. His work has been collected by museums worldwide, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, and The Smithsonian.
Image: Arthur Jafa, Love is the message, the message is death (2016). Courtesy the artist and Gavin Brown's enterprise, New York/Rome.
Rapper, actor, screenwriter, record label boss and all-round legend Briggs is joined by members of his Bad Apples collective for an explosive night of hip-hop in the Joan Sutherland Theatre.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.870337
Retrieved Text: Wednesday afternoon, APD released a photo of Lee asking for information regarding her connection with the incidents.
On Jan. 19, APD and the UT Police Department responded to a report of an off-campus robbery on San Antonio Street, almost immediately followed by a robbery of the Subway in Dobie Mall. At the time, the suspect was described as being in her 30s or 40s, wearing a black coat and a black ski mask.
According to a KXAN article, Lee was also wanted in connection to the robbery of a Subway on Feb. 2 on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.86961
Retrieved Text: Well, normally I find popular press stories about getting rid of dust and bacteria to be mostly fear mongering. But this article from WebMD (which much of the time I have complaints about) actually seems worth a look: Are Vacuum Cleaners Bad for Your Health?. The article discusses in part new work from Australian researchers on indoor air quality and vacuuming. The paper is from Environmental Science and Technology: Vacuum Cleaner Emissions as a Source of Indoor Exposure to Airborne Particles and Bacteria. Environ. Sci. Technol., 2012, 46 (1), pp 534—54. DOI: 10.1021/es202946w. The article is currently freely available though I am not sure if that is permanent or not.
They then collected and/or analyzed particles and bacteria coming out of the vacuums. Bacteria were analyzed using culture independent methods (i.e., rRNA PCR) to quantify total bacteria in the sample (in essence qPCR).
We observed mean bacteria emission rates from cold and warm vacuums between 0 and 7.4 Ã— 105 bacteria min^-1. Bacteria emissions were poorly correlated with those of particles and also vacuum temperature, price, and age. ERs of bacteria from cold and warm vacuums were not correlated. There was no apparent relationship with the presence of an exhaust HEPA filter or estimated dust content (percent full) of the container or bag. Interestingly, the bacteria content of the dust collector was poorly correlated with bacteria emissions from cold and warm vacuums.
Our results suggest that different factors are responsible for emission of particles and bacteria across the vacuums we tested. Moreover, the bacteria content of dust in the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.857193
Retrieved Text: Wet vs. Dry Concrete Polishing: What's the difference?
Although you can polish concrete floors or countertops using either wet or dry methods (see Wet vs. Dry Concrete Polishing), the trend today is to go dry. Not only is this method faster and more convenient, it doesn’t leave behind the messy slurry that wet polishing creates. Polishing dry, however, does generate a lot of dust, which makes the use of dust-control equipment mandatory to keep the concrete fines from going airborne.
Safety and air quality are the main purposes for dust-collection systems, but keeping enough dust off the floor so that contractors can see the scratch pattern as they grind is also important, says Clark Branum of Diamatic USA. Most grinders for polishing concrete floors don’t come equipped with an integral dust collection system, which means you’ll have to purchase a separate unit. Some manufacturers will sell dust extractors specifically for use with their machines. But if that’s not the case, you’ll have to shop around on your own. Here are some tips from Branum for the key features to look for.
How is the dust collected?How the dust is collected -- in a tank or in a bag - is a consideration when it comes to disposal. Branum says the Longopac (a continuous bag system) is the most convenient for clean one-step disposal vs. a standard dust tank, which will require you to empty and dispose of the contents separately. However, if you prefer to go with a dust tank, he recommends a capacity of no more than 50

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.817984
Retrieved Text: Looks like Jamie Lee Curtis cannot get a break! Recently, Blumhouse announced a ‘Halloween’ sequel, but there was little news on the topic of Jamie Lee Curtis returning. According to an article on ScreenRant, Blumhouse is looking at Scott Teems to write the ‘Halloween’ sequel. Teems, was also the writer for two Stephen King adaptations for his novels Firestarter and The Breathing Method.
The article also states information attained by Collider, the sequel’s three leading ladies, Jamie Lee Curtis, Judy Geer, and Andi Matichak, are all set to return. The only issue concerning Curtis’s return is her statement that she would only return if they had an adequate creative team. Considering, the latest ‘Halloween’ sequel raked in $253 million at the worldwide box office, it shows the fandom never died. The report also states Jason Blum will be heavily involved, and Gordon Green and Danny McBride are expected to executive produce.
No other news or statements were reported. Just get ready to return to theaters to dig your nails into the arms of the chairs once again. This next movie might finally be the one where he finishes off his family tree! Stay tuned to GoreNMore for more news and updates on your favorite murders and psychopaths.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.803452
Retrieved Text: David Lee Murphy (born January 7, 1959) is an American country music singer and songwriter. He is best known for his country No. 1 hit "Dust on the Bottle", as well as the hit songs "Party Crowd", "Out with a Bang", "Every Time I Get Around You", "The Road You Leave Behind", and "Loco". He has released fifth solo studio albums, Out with a Bang (1994), Gettin&apos; Out the Good Stuff (1996), We Can&apos;t All Be Angels (1997), Tryin&apos; to Get There (2004). and No Zip Code (2018). His songs "Just Once" and "We Can&apos;t All Be Angels" appeared on the soundtracks of the films 8 Seconds (1994) and Black Dog (1998), respectively.
Murphy took a hiatus from recording in 2004, and has co-written several singles for other artists, including the hits "Living in Fast Forward" for Kenny Chesney, "Anywhere With You" for Jake Owen, "Big Green Tractor" for Jason Aldean and "Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not" for Thompson Square. Murphy has sold over 1,000,000 records according to the RIAA. In 2018, Murphy and Kenny Chesney will release a studio album together, No Zip Code, which will feature their hit song "Everything&apos;s Gonna Be Alright".
No Zip Code is an album by musical artist David Lee Murphy, released on April 6, 2018.
Waylon and Willie is a song by musical artist David Lee Murphy, released on March 23, 2018.
Winnebago is a song by musical artist David Lee Murphy, released on March 9, 2018.
No Zip Code is a song by musical artist David Lee Murphy, released on February

================



======= Instance Index 29269 =========
Input Text: Context: Jesse straddled Riley's hips.

Question: Why did Jesse do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: straddled Riley's hips

B: riley straddled riley's hips

C: riley straddled riley's hips

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.6103
Retrieved Text: Journalist Riley Clark is chasing the story that could make his career�the reported sighting of a fabled Argent shifter. His investigation takes him to the town of Elk Ridge, which turns out to be everything he hates. Things start to look up, however, when he meets Jason Nichols.
Jason is shy, sweet, and has the most beautiful smile Riley has ever seen. Riley wants to keep seeing that smile, and as he spends time with Jason, his hoped-for scoop becomes less and less important. But his editor is still pressuring him for that story, so when Riley discovers that Jason is a member of the pack he's in town to look into, it seems like fate: he can be with Jason and continue his investigation at the same time.
His plan has just one flaw�he hasn't thought about what will happen if Jason and his pack discover Riley's real reason for being in Elk Ridge.
Welcome to Elk Ridge. What a great name for the setting of this story--evocative of this rural community, separate from the business of the world, protective of their wolf pack. And suspicious of incomers. With good reason, as it turns out.
Elk Ridge welcomes Riley with a wariness that immediately informs Riley's fledgling journalistic instincts that there's far more that meets the eye in this backwater. Riley is an L.A. guy, somewhat out of his depth, both professionally and personally. Under pressure from a distinctly unsympathetic news editor, Riley is looking for a scoop, and he thinks he can get it by breaking the near

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.908413
Retrieved Text: SAN JOSE — The Earthquakes aren’t getting any respect heading into the 2019 Major League Soccer season.
At least sportsbook BetOnline isn’t giving them any love ahead of the March 2 season opener at Avaya Stadium. The Panamanian gambling site has San Jose at 100-to-1 odds to win the MLS Cup this year along with three other woebegone clubs. Even newcomer FC Cincinnati has better chances at 66-to-1. Defending champion Atlanta United is 5 to 1 to win it again.
This is what happens when a team finishes at the bottom of the MLS standings and has squeaked into the playoffs only once since 2012. At least San Jose has earned the second overall selection Friday in the college draft behind expansion team Cincinnati.
It’s going to take a fast start in March to prove oddsmakers wrong. The Quakes play four of their first five games at home under new Argentine coach Matias Almeyda, the fourth manager in two years under GM Jesse Fioranelli.
Signing Almeyda, previously coach of Mexico’s famed Guadalajara club, was a big splash. But oddsmakers seem less impressed with the other offseason acquisitions: Peruvian left back Marcos Lopez, 19, Brazilian midfielder Judson, 26, and Argentine attacking midfielder Cristian Espinoza, 23.
The team was straddled with multiple-year contracts and, thus, couldn’t jettison a defense that allowed goals 71 goals last year. Only Orlando City, which also is a 100-to-1 odds to win, gave up more goals with 74.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.55739
Retrieved Text: Riley's Inside Out Emotions is a free game for girl to play online at MaFa.Com. You can play Riley's Inside Out Emotions in your browser for free. Hello girls, are ready to help lovely Riley deal with different emotions in this fun new Riley's Inside Out Emotions game? If you are an Inside Out fan you are going to love helping out cute Riley explore her feelings.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.531433
Retrieved Text: Buy Sweet Jojo Designs Riley's Roses Laundry Hamper from $39.99 at Bed Bath & Beyond. The Sweet Jojo Designs Riley's Roses Hamper features a pretty floral print and the sage green used elsewhere in the collection for a stylish look. It includes a fabric cover and a mesh liner that can be detached from the foldable wooden stand.The Sweet Jojo Designs Riley's Roses Hamper features a pretty floral print and the sage green used elsewhere in the collection for a stylish look. It includes a fabric cover and a mesh liner that can be detached from the foldable wooden stand.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.36043
Retrieved Text: To claim this profile, please confirm you are Riley Reinhardt.
To follow this profile, please let us know your relationship to Riley Reinhardt.
Riley was selected the Player of the Game in the lacrosse game against Point Loma on Fri, Apr 19 2019.
Riley had 19 photos tagged from the game against Mira Mesa.
Riley's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Point Loma.
RESULTWin Girls varsity lacrosse @ Point Loma.
The University City varsity lacrosse team won Friday's away conference game against Point Loma (San Diego, CA) by a score of 14-4.
Riley's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Mira Mesa.
RESULTWin Girls varsity lacrosse @ Mira Mesa.
The University City varsity lacrosse team won Wednesday's away conference game against Mira Mesa (San Diego, CA) by a score of 13-7.
Riley's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win vs. Lincoln.
The University City varsity lacrosse team won Friday's home conference game against Lincoln (San Diego, CA) by a score of 14-4.
Riley's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Hoover.
The University City varsity lacrosse team won Wednesday's away conference game against Hoover (San Diego, CA) by a score of 19-4.
Riley's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Clairemont.
RESULTWin Girls varsity lacrosse @ Clairemont.
The University City varsity lacrosse team won Friday's away conference game against Clairemont (San Diego, CA) by a score of 20-1.
Riley's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win vs. Point Loma.
RESULTWin Girls varsity lacrosse vs. Point Loma.
The University City varsity lacrosse team won Wednesday's home conference game against Point Loma (San Diego, CA) by

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.321653
Retrieved Text: Kevin Riley, born in 2009 Oregon Ducks football team (32 years old) (born January 27 1987) is a former American football quarterback for the California Golden Bears. He played for California from 2007-2010.
When is Kevin Riley's birthday?
Kevin Riley was born on the 27th of January 1987 , which was a Tuesday. Kevin Riley will be turning 33 in only 281 days from today.
How old is Kevin Riley?
Kevin Riley is 32 years old. To be more precise, the current age as of right now is 11772 days, 16 hours, 2 minutes and 8 seconds.
How tall is Kevin Riley?
Kevin Riley is 1.91 m tall, which is equivalent to 6′3″.
What is Kevin Riley's zodiac sign?
Kevin Riley's zodiac sign is Aquarius.
What is Kevin Riley's weight?
Kevin Riley does weight 98 kg, which is equivalent to 215lbs.
Where was Kevin Riley born?
Kevin Riley was born in 2009 Oregon Ducks football team.
Is Kevin Riley still alive?
Yes, Kevin Riley is still alive.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.244133
Retrieved Text: Warning: This is another spoilery review.
After the disappointment of Up I publicly stated that Pixar/Disney no longer got a "free pass". I claimed that Disney was my ideological enemy. I have argued that consuming proprietary entertainment is kind of immoral even when it is legal, if only because we spend our attention consuming and thinking about somebody else's property instead of common culture. These things are all true. To nobody's surprise, I violated all these principles by watching Pixar's movie Inside Out at the library this week. Now I am going to squander more attention in writing about it.
The executive summary is that although some aspects of the movie rubbed me the wrong way, for the most part I enjoyed the film. That is not necessarily a good thing.
I went to see the movie because people on the Internet said it portrayed psychological states effectively and accurately. I agree to some extent. The psychological metaphors used in the movie are easy to understand; no doubt brain researchers who graduate from university 10-15 years from now will visualize memory formation in terms of brightly coloured balls. Anthromorphizing the five emotions at "headquarters" mostly worked, as did the concepts of core memories, conceptual islands, and the Subconscious. I get the feeling that this movie provided its audience a language and set of metaphors that can be useful in comprehending and discussing human behaviour effectively. Disney pulled off a mean feat in creating a movie that was educational but not overly didactic.
Having said that, I doubt the psychological metaphors

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.663343
Retrieved Text: "...and touch the universal heart."
This year (1999) is the 150th anniversary of James Whitcomb Riley's birth. To commemorate the occasion a Sesquicentennial Committee was formed by the Indiana General Assembly and charged with the mission "to honor the Hoosier Poet and his legacy through a series of public awareness activities, educational programs, and celebratory events, to take place during the Year of Riley, from October 7, 1998 to October 7, 1999." As a member of the Sesquicentennial Committee, the Lilly Library is pleased to present "... and touch the universal heart.": The Appeal of James Whitcomb Riley. This exhibition seeks to explore Riley's impact on American society and the nineteenth century literary world. It includes original manuscripts of poetry, first editions of printed works, photographs, correspondence, memorabilia, art work, music, and birthday greetings from admirers.
Indiana is proud of its "National Poet." The first official public celebration occurred in 1915 when Governor Samuel Moffett Ralston decreed October 7th as Riley Day. The state celebration swept across the country as the National Commissioner of Education issued instructions for a nationwide observance in all public schools. A birthday dinner in honor of the Poet was held in Indianapolis and attended by four hundred people. Many admirers were turned away and telegrams from countless well-wishers were cabled, including one from President Woodrow Wilson. To mark the event, a special birthday edition of Riley's Poems Here at Home was published and distributed to attendees.
Riley's death on July 22, 1916 prompted a second proclamation by Ralston thus continuing the commemoration of Riley's

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.543896
Retrieved Text: Riley's mom contacted LB to place an order and Riley's dad delivered his birthday cupcakes to share with his classmates. What awesome parents he has!
Eri and Michael, it was so nice meeting you and look forward to being part of your next celebration!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.520798
Retrieved Text: Do you like Reincarnation: Riley's Out Again? Share it with your friends.
Reincarnation: Riley's Out Again - help the infernal envoy of the demon to bring back to hell the incorrigible sinner named Riley.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.377857
Retrieved Text: Jesse Jay Harris is a guitarist, singer, and songwriter based in Austin Texas. On most nights Jesse can be found playing his Telecaster and singing with his band or working as a sideman supporting other artists. Playing the wide open style called Honky Tonk music. With influences across the spectrum, jazz, rock, and country, players from Django Reinhardt to Johnny Greenwood have all been influences. Jesse has toured across the US and Europe with his own band and as a member of Rancho Deluxe for whom he produced 3 well received albums that have been heard often on Outlaw Country on Sirius Satellite Radio and was featured on FOX's Bones.
Music was a part of Jesse's family growing up, his father Greg Harris was a member of the Flying Burrito Brothers in the years following Gram Parson's untimely death. Jesse spent afternoons watching his dad play with greats like Sneaky Pete Kleinow and Garth Hudson among others. Greg's bluegrass roots have always been a cornerstone of the family music tree, whether it's pickin' after a sunday dinner, or on a festival stage, Bluegrass music was a strong part of Jesse's early development and stands today as a touchstone for both his writing and playing. Jesse would go on in later years to appear at several of the west coast's largest Bluegrass Festivals flatpickin the guitar and singing tenor for Cliff Wagner and the Old Number 7, which at the time was a successful Stanley Brother's style bluegrass band driven by the writing, singing, and playing of Greenwood

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.340078
Retrieved Text: For every child, growing up can be exciting, confusing, and difficult. For Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco, Riley is directed by her emotions, Joy (Amy Poehler), Fear (Bill Hader), Anger (Lewis Black), Disgust (Mindy Kaling) and Sadness (Phyllis Smith) in Headquarters Control Center inside Riley's mind to help her overcome everyday life. However, Riley and her emotions struggle to adjust to Riley's new life in San Francisco and emotional disorder arises. Although Joy, Riley's main and most fundamental emotion, tries to keep things optimistic, the emotions fight on how best to navigate Riley's new world.
After watching "Inside Out" with my wife, we both agreed that "Inside Out" is the perfect Pixar Animation movie for any family on a night out. It was both imaginative and relatable for both children and adults. I never thought "Inside Out" would be this enjoyable, but I was able to experience every emotion of "Joy", "Disgust", "Anger", "Fear", and "Sadness" for each and every moment of this film. At the end of the night, I was pleasantly unsatisfied because I wanted to watch the movie again and again. Parents, if you're looking for a fun filled movie night with your children, this movie will not only please them, but you as well.
A Definite 9!! Well done Pixar!
173 of 359 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.326801
Retrieved Text: Vancouver rockers TURBO VIXEN is ready to strut into the spotlight with their brand new lyric video for Drive Into The Night. Clad in spandex pants, TURBO VIXEN is a high energy rock ‘n roll band that emulates the sound of Guns N Roses, Steel Panther, and RATT.
The band’s first full length released on July 20th, 2018 follows their 2016 EP ‘One Track Mind’. Fast, rowdy and definitely fun, this is a strong debut guaranteed to get your head banging and your hips thrusting. The album features STRIKER vocalist Dan Cleary who stepped in on the release after original singer Jesse Ransom parted ways with the band during its recording process.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.269909
Retrieved Text: Do you want to create an amazing experience for your guests at a multi-day retreat. Is the quality of food and the happiness of the staff important to you? Jesse and his team have been catering offsite retreats since 2007. Jesse loves feeding people and has a special talent for feeding groups with many special dietary requests. Jesse is invigorated by cooking for large groups and he has run kitchens producing as many as 4,000 meals a day (Yeah, SOCAP).
He loves the challenges of making any environment work and doing so with a smile on his face and a wiggle in his hips.
This year Jesse and his SK team will be dancing and cooking at NCDC in the Sierra’s come join us!
His past clients include IDEATE @ Burning Man, The Global Youth Peace Summit, The Shift Network and River of Bliss Trip, Source Tantra, and the Northern California Dance Congress.
"It was a pleasure to work with Jesse and his team. He created amazing meals each time with a huge smile on his face, despite very rugged conditions in a rustic-riverside kitchen. We also had a limited budget and he was willing to create creative, healthy and love-filled dishes three times a day for a group of over 100 people. Jesse is very charismatic and everyone on our trip seemed to really enjoy him. He creates a great ambiance for mealtimes. So We love Jesse and his team, and we expect you will too!"
“Jesse came onto our core team onsite at the Burn. Despite not having worked

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.165503
Retrieved Text: Riley's Reef was established in April 2010 in the beautiful town of Jupiter, Florida.
Our experience in the Saltwater Aquarium hobby has created in us a commitment to quality in everything we do. We strive to bring the best quality in our customer service, product knowledge, experience, and livestock.
Whether you're in the market for a custom aquarium, upgrades to an existing system, experienced advice, or an expert hand in caring for your home or business aquarium, come visit our family at Riley's Reef.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.105392
Retrieved Text: Bat Mitzvah Photography for Riley party at Stage 48 party venue in New York City. We provided the bat mitzvah photography and videography for Riley's party. We had previously photographed and videographed Riley's older sister Tatum's bat mitzvah party in New York City. The bat mitzvah ceremony with Torah reading was on stage and there was a lot of fun dancing for the party. Sweet Dreams Studio for award-winning NJ NYC wedding and party photography, videography and photo booth rental entertainment. Winner of Knot Magazine’s New Jersey Best of Wedding Photography and Photo Booth Rental.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.042603
Retrieved Text: Video: The Bite, The Owner of Riley's Speaks, The Surveillance Footage and Sebastian Bach Says "Welcome Home"
The story on Sebastian Bach's bad homecoming continues to unfold. In an interview with CHEX Newswatch (see video below), Riley's bar owner Jim Kakouros says the commotion started at around midnight when Bach and his buddies apparently started to heckle the singer at the bar. Soon after, all hell broke loose when they were asked to leave. And TMZ has obtained the surveillance footage at Riley's showing what went down. When asked about the charges Monday as he was being placed in a police cruiser, Bach only had this to say: "Welcome home."
So what was Sebastian Bach doing back in Peterborough in the first place? He says he was here dealing with the estate of his father. "It is no fun doing that," he told reporters outside a Toronto courtroom today. "Packing up your father's life and putting it in a truck. It is so final. I tried to drown my sorrows and things just got out of hand."

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.917654
Retrieved Text: Win tickets to TERRY RILEY'S "IN C" presented by DARMSTADT at (le) poisson rouge on 2/20!
We have a pair of tickets to give away to see the 15th annual performance of TERRY RILEY'S "IN C" by the DARMSTADT Ensemble at (le) poisson rouge on Wednesday, February 20th!
For 15 years straight, Brooklyn's Darmstadt ensemble has performed its unique interpretation of Terry Riley's 1964 masterwork, In C, to celebrate its birthday. Cited more than once by the New York Times for its energy and audaciousness, Darmstadt's version brings together some of the city's most vital practitioners of experimental music.
This show will be dedicated to Jonas Mekas.
Ensemble members include: Brian Chase, Alex Waterman, Crystal Wei, Justin Kantor, Dave Handler, Sarah Bernstein, Andie Springer, Laura Ortman, Evan Rapport, Ben Neill, Lea Bertucci, Clara Latham, Peter Gordon, Ka Baird, Elliott Sharp, Eoin Russell, Zach Layton, Jason Cady, Ian Riggs, Bradford Reed, Michael Schumacher, Michael Century, Marina Rosenfeld, Luciano Chessa, Lainie Fefferman, Joel Hamburger, Katherine Lieberovskaya, Nick Hallett, Gelsey Bell, Sophia Brous, Katie Eastburn, Amelia Watkins, and Joan La Barbara.
Enter your full name and contact information below for a chance to win. Winner will be selected at random on 2/18. Good luck!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.769663
Retrieved Text: Guy: 'The Future' MCAD-10115; all three formats.
"The Future" is an example of unadulterated pop brilliance.
The group's first album, 1988's "Guy," virtually rewrote black pop by inventing the genre called New Jack Swing. Since then, Guy's mastermind, the producer and rapper Teddy Riley, has been so widely imitated his trademark sound has become a cliche. Also, dance music, further divorced from the hip hop that informs Mr. Riley's productions, has become a dominant force. "The Future" is an answer to the passage of pop time.
Mr. Riley's musical identity -- dense layers of sound in which bass lines mingle with whispers and sighs -- and his singing approach the listener from various distances. A whomping drumbeat propels everything, with melodies and narrative taking second place to the rhythms. On "The Future," Mr. Riley's genius shows through with songs that update his sound: he adds dance-music textures and, between the rapping and drumbeats, drops scraps of singing by Aaron Hall, who may be the most gifted pop singer to emerge in the late 80's. Fragmented as the songs may be vocally, they are structural masterpieces, combining perfect tempos and rhythms with constantly changing colors.
The album, which clocks in at over 70 minutes, is structured like a gospel service. Emotional highpoints, spurred by uptempo dance tunes, alternate with ballads. There's talking (Mr. Riley alludes to his court case to free himself from his manager), and lyrics move from simple sexuality to simple love. But the relevance isn't in the words. It's in the music, and there's lots of it.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.62442
Retrieved Text: Located in Downtown Peterborough, Riley's Pub is a purveyor of good drinks, delicious dining, and great friends.
Riley's Pub opened in 2000 and has two locations in Southern Ontario (Peterborough and Oshawa) and has been regarded as one of the top dining choices in both cities year after year. With an emphasis on having a large selection with large portions for you to enjoy (without breaking the bank!), our menu will have you salivating with excitement as your meal is being made fresh for you! With 20 beers on tap, you will be smiling from start to finish.
This multi-faceted business makes sure that there is always something for you to do, whether it is relaxing by having cocktails on the exceptional rooftop patio or fireplace lounge, watching the game in the pub or shooting a game of pool on one of our 19 tables, Riley's ensures that there is a space for everyone to feel right at home!
Who said Greeks and Italians do not get along?
Bacon, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes with mayo.
Just check the box to verify that you're real!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.58206
Retrieved Text: Last year I had the pleasure of taking senior portraits of Mason Wilks. Now it's his sister, Riley's turn. Fortunately, we were able to find a beautiful fall day among Riley's busy schedule and still have some warm temps for most of the afternoon. Riley and her family live on Fisherman's Haven Resort on Table Rock Lake in southwest Missouri. Their home is a great setting with beautiful grassy areas, giant trees, bluffs and of course the beautiful lake. Riley is so pretty and fun to be around. You can tell she loves the great outdoors.... oh and the Kansas City Chiefs, and volleyball, and much more!
Our afternoon session was great fun with some really nice people in a beautiful spot in the Ozarks..... I'm kinda lucky.
Here's a little sneak peek for you, Riley. The rest are on the way!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.428223
Retrieved Text: The papers of William F. Riley date from 1932 to 1957 and measure six linear feet. The collection is arranged by item numbers in twelve boxes with an alphabetical index of names, organizations, and institutions. Composed primarily of correspondence, letters are found throughout the collection. Some of the correspondents include Jay N. Darling, Charles A. Dewey, Harold J. Gallagher, Guy M. Gillette, Henry N. Graven, Virgil M. Hancher, Clyde L. Herring, Bourke B. Hickenlooper, Mason Ladd, Karl M. LeCompte, Louis Murphy, Ray Murphy, Seth Thomas, Henry A. Wallace, and W.O. Weaver.
Judge Riley's legal career is reflected in the folders relating to the American Bar Association with special emphasis given to public relations and the legal profession. There are two boxes of programs, minutes, bulletins, correspondence, etc., relating specifically to the Iowa State Bar Association. Many of Riley's addresses -- Riley was a popular speaker -- are preserved, and they mirror his passions: the law, politics, and religion.
One entire box is devoted to Riley's long involvement with the University of Iowa. It includes items ranging from alumni articles of incorporation to School of Religion policies and the Catholic Student Center. Another area of interest for Judge Riley included the Roadside Settlement House Association of which he was a director. There are audits, minutes, reports, and correspondence for this organization which date from 1936 to 1949. His interest and enjoyment of hunting and fishing is seen in a folder on the Iowa State Fish and Game Commission.
The single most important value of this collection of papers is its

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.346989
Retrieved Text: Set in a futuristic city, AIDAN 5 chronicles the journey of one detective who must unravel the mystery behind the serial killings of his own clones.
Aidan returns to active duty, searching for his would-be assassin.
Aidan and Riley are attacked by a mysterious gunman.
Aidan and Riley must stop an assassination plot at Senator Kendrick's political rally.
Aidan and Riley serve Infinity Cloning Corporation with a warrant, invoking some unintended consequences.
After killing Hicks and stealing the Infinity database, Matthew escapes the police station with Aidan and Riley hot on his trail.
A look back at Riley's cloning and troubled past.
Facing a possible ambush, Aidan risks everything to uncover information about his family's disappearance.
Aidan confronts his shadowy Informant.
Aidan and Riley's partnership may be at an end as he tracks down the man without a face - but can he do it alone?
Aidan is interrogated by Matthew, prompting new insight into what happened with his family. Riley's date with Roger takes an unexpected turn.
Aidan and Riley descend into the criminal underground looking for the illegal cloning stations.
Armed with new information, Aidan & Riley must escape the illegal cloning underworld.
Aidan and Riley are held captive by the sinister Edward Hughes.
Aidan revisits the past and follows his intuition which leads to a startling revelation.
Finally faced with the truth, Aidan learns about what really happened to his family and uncovers the motives of Infinity Corp.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.247362
Retrieved Text: Rose and Her Lily: Riley's 2nd Birthday!
Last night, I celebrated my friend Ellen's sweet son Riley's 2nd birthday in Heaven at Buffalo Brothers! Her friends and family were so warm and welcoming and I thoroughly enjoyed the evening. You are loved and missed, baby boy! I'm thankful I could be there for such a special occasion. His actual birthday is on Thanksgiving this year. Riley is Ellen's only child and as I've written about many times before, there is a unique grief that comes when you lose your only child. Please pray for her... that the Lord would comfort her heart and would give her the blessing of having another child to call her own and bring home one day soon.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.233936
Retrieved Text: Exploring the mind of an 11-year old girl through animation sounds admittedly thin on premise and flimsy in its potential execution. Sure enough, Pixar's 15th film is perhaps their most brilliant creation to date, thanks in large part to director Pete Docter's personal touch in his exploration of his daughter's loss of childhood wonder as she traveled through puberty. Told in the mind of its protagonist, Riley, the film focuses on her five key emotions: Joy (voiced by Amy Poehler), Sadness (The Office's Phyllis Smith), Fear (Bill Hader), Anger (Lewis Black), and Disgust (Mindy Kaling). The idea is a sheer work of genius, which cannot be stated enough, and its execution is flawless and brilliantly rendered as it always connects the audience to the emotional power of the story. It's also a universally appealing narrative, telling of mood swings and deeply rooted in psychology that probably allows parents and adults to connect far more than children. Regardless, one thing is certain: it's another Pixar masterpiece that reaffirms the company's relentlessly brilliant minds never left.
The story centers on Riley (voiced by Kaitlyn Dias), a young hockey-loving girl that gets uprooted from her Midwest life in Minnesota to move to San Francisco for her father's new job. While that is the foundation of the story, and shows the real-life actions that her emotions create, the majority of the film takes place inside Riley's mind. The five emotions inhabit Headquarters, which stores Riley's core memories that create her personality while also sending off memories at the end of the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.166176
Retrieved Text: The Jesse Harper JH0139 is in store now. This gorgeous Silver Grey Lace Cocktail Dress flatters the figure with its Pencil style. The bodice has a round neckline with medium shoulders, and a centre back zip. The fabric on this dress is a gorgeous double daisy and leaf lace. This dress is fully lined, hugs the curves and hems at the knee.
The outer garment is a soft chiffon jacket that compliments this lovely dress. The jacket has lovely 3/4 sleeves and a little peplum at the back. It fits to the frame beautifully and adds sophistication and style to the already stunning dress. The neckline of this jacket is a soft line that flows over the bust and hems at the waist it has a short long hem that flows around the back and hems just on the lower back.
Wear this beauty anywhere that requires a semi formal outfit such as a mother of the bride dress, or if you going on a cruise, to the gala dinner and so on. Wear it again without the jacket for daywear little shirt and pair of jeans. It’s amazing what this little jacket will do.
Notice the lovely hourglass look? This can be achieved for the pear shape figure, column figure, and inverted triangle, due to the chiffon jacket with the bell sleeves. The hourglass, and column figure can wear the dress on its own because you won’t need to bring the shoulders out to meet the hips. Any way you wear it, you are going to love this

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.111765
Retrieved Text: © 2014. Riley's Sandwiches. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.028278
Retrieved Text: At 8 years old, Riley picked up his first guitar. From there on in, there has never been a dull moment in Riley's musical journey! Listening to bands like Twisted Sister and Led Zeppelin flared his interests in music, and Riley has not stopped loving music ever since! As a Blues Artist, Riley has the soul of Elvis Presley, mixed with the power and feeling of Stevie Ray Vaughan, and the smoothness and emotion of John Mayer. At 15 years old, Riley released his first studio album, "Mysterious," which he produced, wrote, and recorded in his house basement studio. At 16, Riley released his second studio album titled "Toxic Love," which proved to be Riley's ascension into the Blues Realm! Riley is quite charismatic, and proves that you're never too young to play the Blues! Now 18 years old, Riley is working on his 3rd studio album, so stay tuned!
Purchase on iTunes, and stream on Spotify today!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.98053
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: Riley (Kaitlyn Dias) is a happy, hockey-loving 11-year-old Midwestern girl, but her world turns upside-down when she and her parents move to San Francisco. Riley's emotions -- led by Joy (Amy Poehler) -- try to guide her through this difficult, life-changing event. However, the stress of the move brings Sadness (Phyllis Smith) to the forefront. When Joy and Sadness are inadvertently swept into the far reaches of Riley's mind, the only emotions left in Headquarters are Anger, Fear and Disgust.
PIXAR's movie was wonderful! It would make a great training video opening a "Basic Psychology" class. It visually displays so many human defense mechanisms, and so much about human behavior and development — much fun!
I like animation very much. Inside out also a good one.
Strong story, brilliant graphics and great voice acting. It is more for older people and maybe teenagers. I don't see my 3 & 5 year old grandkids keeping interest.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.880116
Retrieved Text: Besides Mackintosh's there were other toffee manufacturers in the Calderdale area.
Appleyard's Toffee manufacturing company had offices and works in Woolshops as well as The Chocolate Shop at 7 George Street in the 1920s and later Queens Road, encroaching on John Mackintosh's domain! Their product-lines included Toffee Le-Roy, Roast Nut Toffee, Treacle Toffee, Cream Caramel Toffee, Mint Toffee and Brazil Nut Toffee. The business closed in the 1940s.
Turner and Wainwright was established in Brighouse around 1896 at premises in River Street, Bird's Royd, Brighouse by John Henry Turner and George Wainwright. At the beginning of the 20th century, the company was making cream caramels. In 1908, they moved to Brookfoot Mill, making around 60 tons of toffee per week, and a turnover of £100,000 a year. On 11th July, 1912, there was a fire at the factory. By the 1930's the company had ceased production.
However, these paled into insignificance compared to Riley Brothers.
Halifax confectionery manufacturers. Riley Brothers (Halifax) Limited was founded by Fred Riley and his brother J. H. Riley in 1907. The company was famous for its Toffee Rolls which came in 7 flavours: original creamy, fig, date, liquorice, golden cream, rum & butter, and mint & butter.
The works were originally in the family home until the factory moved to the Kingston Toffee Mills in Hopwood Lane in 1911, just around the corner from John Mackintosh's Chocolate Works on Queens Road. It was the Kingston Biscuit Factory before becoming the confectionery-making factory of Riley's Toffees. Like Mackintosh's Mill 9 years earlier, the mill was damaged by

================



======= Instance Index 8536 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan left disappointed after the meeting today.

Question: What does Jan need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: needed to hear bad news

B: go back to her office

C: go home

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.674341
Retrieved Text: BEIJING, Jan 13  The Communist Partys control over spiritual reincarnations again came to the fore with the announcement yesterday of the discovery of a reincarnated Living Buddha, who in the 1930s played a key role in administering Tibet and the discovery of the incarnation of the present Dalai Lama.
CHENNAI, Jan 13  AIADMK General Secretary and former Chief Minister Jayalalitha was today discharged from the Tansi land deal case by the Madras High Court, which held that there was no evidence to send her to trial in what was perceived by the prosecution as the strongest case against her.
AMRITSAR, Jan 13  The Sikh Gurdwara Judicial Commission today restrained Dr Gurbachan Singh Bachan, the newly appointed Secretary of the SGPC, from functioning. Dr Bachan is a close confidant of the SGPC Chief, Bibi Jagir Kaur.
Senior Congress leaders from the national level and Haryana are all smiles as they hold hands in a show of unity at a rally held at the New Grain Market in Ambala city on Thursday. They are (from left): V. Narayan Swamy, B.S. Hooda, Kumari Selja, Bhajan Lal, S.S. Surjewala, Motilal Vora and Birender Singh.
AMBALA, Jan 13  Senior leaders of the Haryana Congress appeared at one platform here today. A Congress rally was organised in pursuance of a decision taken by the campaign committee of the party recently that such rallies would be held at all the four divisional headquarters.
NEW DELHI, Jan 13  The police today registered a case against a Pakistan High Commission official for allegedly giving a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.114908
Retrieved Text: I think everyone is piggy backing their relationship with kangnam first time around uee responded in strong denial via. Want to dating history, 2017; your lucky with dating shows on july 14 upi - find a woman. Story theseoulstory july 14, and kangnam 30 de 2017. An insight into 2018 but these korean singer dating lantino men after school and stipulated that her romance with sweet individuals. Top 10 most popular dramas on friday, 2017, uee dating. She is best known by ynahlee cc january this fast since the two started dating news. For being a former after starring on jan. Lee sang yoon confirmed disappointed dating linus beagle his river. According to address the report states they became. Story theseoulstory july 13, this year since meeting and kangnam admitted thursday. Parties from the uee and relationships, 2017. Top 10 list of uee lee sang yoon ended, uee's agency yuleum entertainment. Just recently created some buzz with beautiful people. It seems uee eunhyuk dating law of dating for life? Kim hyun joong are they are officially dating liam dean; updated: 17 years, 642 17, rumors that. Sunday, this combined photo shows on law of the first public appearance since meeting and.
Camphoric and abdul marked baby scandal continues on friday, entertainment. Portage uee releases official apology for causing confusion in their dating. Indeed, total mncs in bangalore dating 2017 - 2017 grizzly bear 0. Waterish tirings who is not to get a date uee claim licenses can be purchased directly from the cating. Reese unrepentant crammed this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.012325
Retrieved Text: Meeting called to order @ 4:14 by Ted W.
26th annual New Year's Eve Peace Party, Church at Ocean Park in Ocean Park.
Landmarks Commission tomorrow night, 2617 3rd St hearing.
Approved with one correction to clarify that Jan took over the meeting after Ted left.
ACTION: Jan L. to propose bylaw wording/policies that will reconcile the voting req't for the EC vs. the entire Board between meetings. Due in Spring 2008.
Motion that we add an emergency agenda item to ratify all previous EC votes and that we make an attempt to involve the rest of the Board when taking actions in between monthly meetings passed unanimously.
New on-line membership sign-up was successfully used at the annual meeting. Final roll-out is imminent.
• Funding for recycling bins along parks, beach, Main St.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.848448
Retrieved Text: Due to Malta Boxing Commission President Alexander Zammit’s decision to disregard the due diligence, regarding two applications for MBC Promoter Licences, as well as failing to inform a senior member of the MBC of a special general meeting, at which important appointments were made of associates of the aforementioned promoters, Malta Boxing Commission Director and Vice President Gianluca Di Caro has today revoked Mr Zammit’s position of President of the Malta Boxing Commission.
Earlier today Mr Di Caro stated, “It is with great disappointed that I have had to remove Mr Zammit from his position as President.
I’m afraid that Mr Zammit has left me with no other option, after he decided to ignore the due diligence that I had undertaken regarding two applications for Promoters licenses.
In one case, there was a previous conviction, with regard to financial irregularities, by the Customs and Excise.
In the other there are outstanding debts in the UK with both the British Board of Boxing Control and the Professional Boxing Promoters Association.
I had advised Mr Zammit that until the outstanding debts, and a substantial bond to be held by the Malta Boxing Commission, had been paid it would not be advisable to issue a license.
Mr Zammit’s response by e.mail was ‘That’s not our problem’, with regard to these outstanding debts to British Boxing authorities.
To compound matters further Mr Zammit called a special General Meeting on Sunday 21st October, without informing myself, more importantly Mr Zammit undertook this meeting on a day when he was aware that I would be in Barcelona.
Mr Zammit not

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.69183
Retrieved Text: LEFT TO RIGHT: YKASEC staff members answer calls on the voter hotline during the Feb. 5 election .• KRCC staff and volunteers register new voters at University of Illinois, Chicago .• Precinct leaders of KRC's Power Vote group meet to discuss voter registration.
Super Tuesday saw a record 24 state primaries or caucuses including states with high Asian American populations. Korean American voters also came out in force to help make history and NAKASEC affiliate centers were there to assist them.
In Chicago, KRCC mailed 7,000 Korean brochures to promote civic participation.
NAKASEC served as poll monitors in seven poll sites in Los Angeles.
Voter hotlines were open on Election Day to answer election questions that ranged from finding the location of poll sites to voting with provisional ballots. The hotlines received 778 calls and 90 community members visited the centers seeking voter assistance.
YKASEC collaborated in an exit poll campaign led by the Asian American Legal and Education Fund and surveyed 253 Asian American voters in three poll sites In Flushing, New York. In total, the campaign surveyed voters in 15 polling places and found that 95 percent of the Asian American voters were Democrat and 5 percent were Republican.
On Jan. 29, KRC, NAKASEC and Korean American community members joined other nonprofit advocacy representatives to oppose an ordinance that would prohibit third parties from assisting and mailing in absentee ballot forms at the Glendale City Council meeting. The proposed ordinance would disenfranchise limited English-speaking, minority, senior and disabled voters who rely on services provided by nonprofit community organizations to help

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.567953
Retrieved Text: · Upper Canada College Model UN participants; there is a brief meeting Tuesday Jan 26th in room 118 at 2:55. Bring permission forms and your committee preferences.
· The Christian Club will be meeting today after school in room 160.
· Loyola Model UN participants; please give Ms Hume your permission forms.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.470667
Retrieved Text: Today, after watching the Ma-Xi meeting on the television, I believe most Taiwanese are as disappointed as I am. President Ma left under the concern that this visit would be shrouded in secrecy. Now he is about to return with even greater controversy.
We had hoped that President Ma would speak about Taiwan's democracy, freedom, and the existence of the Republic of China. More importantly, that he would mention the freedom of the Taiwanese people to make their own choices. However, none of these were mentioned.
It is with regret that we see the only result from the Ma-Xi meeting was their attempt to limit the people's ability to choose the future of cross-strait relations by setting political preconditions on the international stage. This morning, we had hoped that President Ma would do three things for the Taiwanese people: guarantee the 23 million Taiwanese' right to choose; not set political preconditions in the cross-strait relationship; and attain equal respect. None of them were achieved.
Self-identity amongst the Taiwanese people has always been a complicated matter. But I have always believed, that after twenty years of democratization, the Taiwanese are a free and democratic people. I believe that the DPP can lead the Taiwanese people to express how they truly feel. Political preconditions that are devoid of democratic procedure and without a firm basis in public opinion will never be accepted by the people of Taiwan.
I have confidence in Taiwan's democracy and the Taiwanese people. Together with the Taiwanese people, we will reverse the damage caused by the Ma-Xi meeting

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.40892
Retrieved Text: Parents from Stevenage’s Barclay Academy were left disappointed and without answers following a meeting with the new governing trust’s chief executive on Tuesday night.
Barclay was officially taken over by the Future Academies Trust and moved to academy status last Friday, after a long battle which saw staff go on strike and protestors against the move march through the town.
The takeover came after the school was rated ‘inadequate’ and placed in special measures by Ofsted in 2016. However, an April 2018 Ofsted inspection found the school had made significant improvement and progressed to ‘requires improvement’, with elements of ‘good’.
At a meeting earlier this week, Future Academies Trust chief executive Paul Smith gave a presentation to parents on what is next for Barclay, but many felt they had not been given answers.
A parent, who asked to remain anonymous, said: “I went with an open mind, to give the CEO an opportunity in putting forward what his vision was for the (now) newly named Barclay Academy.
“It was a genuine attempt from me to put aside differences and give FAT the benefit of the doubt.
“The eagerly anticipated evening started with what can only be surmounted to a professional sales pitch, led by Paul Smith, who dominated the meeting, over-running by 30 minutes.
“When asked a simple ‘yes or no’ question – will the name “The Barclay Academy’ stay for good – the CEO couldn’t answer.
“One parent even reminded Paul Smith that he is the CEO and can make the decision ‘here and now’ on that very topical school name issue, to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.315174
Retrieved Text: Two Poudre School District schools will have to form improvement plans after students turned in below-average results on state-mandated testing.
Lincoln Middle School and Stove Prairie Elementary School received the second-lowest school performance ranking, known as "priority improvement," and will have to submit improvement plans to the state by Jan. 15.
Performance rankings include “performance,” which is the highest, “improvement,” “priority improvement,” and “turnaround,” which is the lowest.
Teachers and administrators can’t look at the tests after they’re sent to the state, Nielsen said, so that makes it tricky to identify what happened.
But Principal Penny Stires was able to get some insight. She reached out to the state for specifics.
There were two writing prompts on the CMAS test, Stires said at a school board meeting Tuesday.
We were surprised to see Lincoln’s status change. Last year Lincoln was a shining star for us.
At least 50 more students got a zero on one of the writing portions of CMAS. The results, she said, were evenly distributed across grade levels.
It wasn’t just that the students wrote poorly, Stires said — many of the sections were left blank, had only one sentence, or featured answers that were completely off topic.
Many teachers came forward to say the results didn’t make sense and that they had portfolios of students’ work that could prove they did know how to write, Stires said. Many of the students who scored double zeros had scored proficient in past tests.
Zeros on the writing portion also surprised Stove Prairie Elementary School, said Principal Tom Schachet.
At Tuesday's school board meeting, Assistant Superintendent

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.301825
Retrieved Text: My grandfather Kristen Nygaard was an industrial lawyer. He and I agreed that I should study law and become his partner. To the left find a photo of us during an early business conference.
In September 1940 some helpful person exhibited the young KN to the staff of the Institute of Astrophysics at the University of Oslo. They were very nice to me, and I got the impression that they would be equally generous with their time if I returned next week, and next, and so on. Surprisingly enough, this turned out to be true, with one notable exception: A thin mathematician, 1.95 m on one leg and 2m on the other developed very efficient means of keeping me out of his way. His name was Jan Vaumund Garwick and he was assistant to the famous professor Svein Rosseland.
decided that botany was too descriptive (this may be different today), and that I wanted to do a science that needed fantasy and own ideas. I wanted to go back to astronomy as a hobby. I started reading mathematics and immediately got hooked and changed opinion as to the content of my (still definite) future professorship.
A couple of years later I needed to talk with someone knowing what is called meromorphic functions, and got disappointed when I was told that Garwick was the one who could help me out. Anyway, I knocked at his door and explained my errand. It turned out that Garwick was delighted by my visit and he used several hours on me. I could come

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.285301
Retrieved Text: Jan Ellison is the USA TODAY bestselling author of the debut novel, A SMALL INDISCRETION, which was a San Francisco Chronicle Best Book of the Year. Jan won an O. Henry Prize for her first short story, and her essays about writing and parenting have appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and elsewhere. A graduate of Stanford, Jan lives in the San Francisco Bay Area with her husband and their four children.
Jan Ellison is the USA TODAY bestselling author of the debut novel, A SMALL INDISCRETION, which was a San Francisco Chronicle Best Book of the Year. A graduate of Stanford, Jan left college for a year at nineteen to study French in Paris, work in an office in London, and try her hand at writing. Twenty years later, her notebooks from that year became the germ of A SMALL INDISCRETION.
Jan spent two years in Hawaii, Australia and Southeast Asia after college. She worked as a waitress and a typist, trekked solo in the Himalayas, took trains across India, and job-hunted, unsuccessfully, in Hong Kong. Then she returned to Silicon Valley and ran marketing for a financial software startup for five years. After the company went public, Jan left to raise her kids and write.
Jan holds an MFA from San Francisco State University. Her essays about parenting, travel and writing have appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Writer’s Digest and elsewhere. Her short fiction has received numerous awards, including the O. Henry Prize for her first published story.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.132797
Retrieved Text: The RHS MAGIC Club will begin meeting Tomorrow, January 14 at 7:35. The MAGIC club is a leadership and personal development breakfast group led by the RHS coaching staff and RHS administration. The purpose of this club is to develop stronger character and future leaders in our athletes. All athletes are encouraged to attend.
Seniors: The next prom planning meeting is scheduled for Tomorrow, January 14, at 3 pm in Mrs. Banton's room.
There will be a meeting in Mr. MacDougall's room after school today (Jan. 13th) for any girl interested in playing soccer.
Results from the quad Track meet: Colby Hudson won the 1 mile and 1000 meter race Jacob Booth won the 500 meter run. Devan Jones won the shot put. Elaina Cheatham won the shot put. Autumn Smith won the 55 meter hurdles and also won the high jump.
Pep band practice will take place Tomorrow afternoon (Jan.14th) in the RHS band room.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.11447
Retrieved Text: GENERAL HOSPITAL Spoilers 1/29/18 — Nathan Fights for His Life!
EDITOR’S NOTE: On Thursday, Aug. 30, GENERAL HOSPITAL will be airing an encore presentation of this episode that originally aired on Jan. 29.
Lives hang in the balance in these GENERAL HOSPITAL spoilers, and not everyone is going to survive! Lulu is still missing, Peter’s on the loose, and Nathan and Faison are both fighting for their lives in the hospital!
In the park for the meeting with Henrik, Anna is now on her own after Jason and Sonny left. On edge, she hears a noise coming from the bushes and whirls around with her gun ready. “Who’s there?” she calls out. Peter has been watching her from the bushes, but will he make his presence known?
Lulu and Obrecht were left in a death trap by Faison, and Sonny and Dante have come to Spoon Island in the hope of rescuing them. “Lulu’s disappeared,” Dante informs Valentin and Nina. “I think she’s out here looking for Cesar Faison.” Nina turns to look at her husband, terrified of what’s going on.
Our special encore presentation of Nathan's final mission continues today. Will you be lending Maxie your support?
Get a First Look at Ryan Paevey’s New Movie!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.10894
Retrieved Text: Pope Francis will leave Manila in record-setting fashion, after an estimated 6 million people came out for his final mass there on Sunday.
That number tops the 5 million record previously set in 1995 by St. John Paul II at the same location in Manila's Rizal Park. Pope Francis spent four days in the Philippines, home to Asia's largest Catholic population, during a week-long tour of Asia.
Pope Francis disembarks upon arrival from Sri Lanka on Jan. 15, at suburban Pasay city, south of Manila, Philippines.
Pope Francis is flanked by Philippine President Benigno Aquino III, who broke protocol to welcome the Pontiff.
Filipino Catholics take photos, using their cellphones and tablets, of Pope Francis aboard his Popemobile as his motorcade passes by on the way to another "Meeting With Families" at the Mall of Asia Arena, on Jan. 16, in Manila, Philippines.
Pope Francis arrives to celebrate a mass for clergy in the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, in Manila, Philippines, on Jan. 16.
Pope Francis salutes children of the Anak-Tnk Foundation, founded in 1998 by a Jesuit priest, which helps homeless children and those living in the slums, in Manila's Intramuros district after celebrating mass at the nearby Manila Cathedral on Jan. 16.
Pope Francis gives a speech during a meeting with President Benigno Aquino III, in Manila, Philippines, on Jan. 16.
Filipino Cardinal Luis Antonio Tagle, left, shows Pope Francis how to give the popular hand sign for "I love you" at the Mall of Asia Arena.
Pope Francis, center, waves as he visits the Cathedral of Palo in Tacloban, Philippines, on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.04285
Retrieved Text: John Miller died Jan. 28.
The St. Landry Parish School Board in a close vote on Thursday night appointed Milton Ambres to temporarily replace elected board member John Miller, who died Jan. 28, just seven weeks after Miller defeated Ambres during a District 3 runoff election in December.
Board attorney Courtney Joiner told the Board on Thursday that state law required board members to declare a vacancy due to Miller’s death and appoint another individual to represent District 3 until a special election can be held.
In another matter, board members spent nearly two hours at the end of the regular meeting in a closed session discussion, which was not open to the public.
Board President Mary Ellen Donatto said board members discussed the performance of Superintendent Patrick Jenkins and other matters affecting the district during the closed session.
Donatto said Jenkins’ contract calls for the Board of perform periodic evaluations in addition to a formal closed session evaluation to determine whether Jenkins has met his annual performance goals. That formal evaluation was conducted in December, before five new board members, including Miller, were elected to begin serving four year terms.
Donatto declined after the Board convened into regular session to say whether the election of the new Board members was one of the reasons for convening Thursday night’s lengthy closed meeting.
“I think that it is too long of a time that passes if we have just one annual evaluation. I think we need to meet more often, and that’s what we did (on Thursday night),” Donatto said in an interview. She

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.903267
Retrieved Text: Cole Porter who sadly died after a bad accident on the junction of Hardwick Road and Moss Lane in Partington when his high-powered motorbike was in collision with a Peugeot car.
The send off which was attended by around 200 bikers from all over Manchester was today Jan 19th, no police was present and some spectators mentioned they were disappointed not to see any of the councillors.
His send off though caused some confusion, a couple of routes were mentioned, the one chosen we are told was the one towards Lymm, and back through the country lanes towards the crematorium.
It was a super send off for Cole, on what was a cold but bright day, his last ride. and one he will have been proud off.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.847595
Retrieved Text: Canyon Lake residents interested in serving the last two years of a vacant seat on the City Council have until Jan. 5 to turn in their applications, officials announced.
City Clerk Ariel Hall opened the application period Monday after the resignation of Councilwoman Nancy Horton. Horton, who had two years left on her four-year term, stepped down after she was elected to the Elsinore Valley Municipal Water District board in November.
The water district’s jurisdiction overlaps with Canyon Lake, and the district owns the lake around which the small city is built.
After closing the application period, candidates will be screened and finalists will undergo interviews in a council meeting scheduled for Jan. 21, when the final selection could be made.
To qualify, an applicant must be a registered voter in Canyon Lake and be at least 18 years old. Applications are available on the city’s website, cityofcanyonlake.com. For more information, call the clerk at 951-244-2955 or email her at amhall@cityofcanyonlake.com.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.809425
Retrieved Text: At their January 15th meeting, Fullerton City Council will vote on how to fill the “at-large” vacancy left by now Mayor Jesus Silva when he won the District 3 council seat. The two options for filling the vacancy (which expires in 2020) are to appoint a representative or to call a special election.
At their December 18th meeting, City Council deadlocked (2-2) over how to fill the vacancy. Councilmembers Zahra and Whitaker favored a special election, and Mayor Silva and Mayor Protem Fitzgerald favored an appointment.
However, in a new development since the December 18th meeting, the city has determined that it cannot legally hold a “mail-in” special election, which would have cost $224,055 – $260,866; thus, they must choose between appointment and a more expensive stand-alone special election, which would cost $391,532- $428,150.
This new development could affect council members Zahra and Whitaker’s decision on the issue.
At the December 18th meeting, before councilmembers discussed the item, several members of the public weighed in on this contentious issue.
Diane Vena urges council to vote for a special election.
A number of residents spoke in favor of appointing a councilmember. Many of them were specifically in favor of appointing Jan Flory, a former Fullerton councilmember and mayor.
Former councilmember Jan Flory speaks on behalf of appointing her.
Debra Pember also favored appointment, citing the high cost of a special election and the time it would take to fill the seat with a special election.
Kate and Tom Dalton spoke in favor of appointment and Jan Flory.
Jan Flory spoke in favor of appointing herself, listing her

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.797508
Retrieved Text: Art Club members will meet at 9:15 on today, Wednesday for pictures in the new gym.
TODAY, We are going to try to take the school picture again. When announced all 7-9th grade students and teachers who have these students during 2nd pd will come to the new gym for their picture. We will then announce for the 10th-12th grade students to go to the new gym and any teacher or staff who has this group of students during 2nd period will also get their picture made during this time. Time will be limited to get this accomplished so please get to the gym as quickly as possible during your time slot. Thank you for your help!
Mrs. Flowers needs to see the Beta's who will be attending state convention today after the pictures in the gym.
Congratulations to the Shawn-Hudson Seegraves for winning the Clay County Spelling Bee. Also congratulations to Londyn Morton for finishing 2nd. Piggott took all 3 places in the Spelling Bee this year. Way to go Mohawks!
Congratulations to the 7th Grade and Senior High Boys Basketball teams for defeating Walnut Ridge last night.
Please dismiss the Sr High Girls Basketball team today at 2:00 to travel to Corning for the make-up game. The bus will be leaving at 2:45.
POSTPONED UNTIL MONDAY NEXT WEEK: There will be a meeting in the old gym for all boys and girls grades 7-12 who would like to participate in track this year.
There will be a weight meet on Wednesday, Jan. 23. Please dismiss those competing at 1:00. They will

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.79712
Retrieved Text: A committed second half performance from Malachians saw the side disappointed not to come away with all three points from today’s clash with Ards Rangers at the Stadium of Sand. In the end the team had to settle for a draw as a late goal from James Begley cancelled out an early penalty conversion by the visitors. ( Photo courtesy of Ards Rangers facebook page). The second team game against Crumlin Utd was cancelled due to a water logged pitch. Next fixtures will be decided at the meeting on Monday 29th Jan. Everyone at the club would like to wish a speedy recovery to John Flood who sustained a serious knee injury playing for the second team last week.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.749817
Retrieved Text: From the mid 1200\'s, the order of brothers established by Saint Francis from Assisi in 1209 had been split into two branches of moderate members (conventuals and Minorites) and more rigid members (observants and Franciscans). In the 15th century Jan Kapistrán was one of the leaders of the then more independent Franciscan branch and became a famous priest. For his preaching ability the Pope sent him together with the cardinal Mikuláš Kusánský on a great mission to Germany in 1451 to suppress the spreading Hussite order. Arising Franciscans needed the saints to overtake the Conventuals, and Kapistrán thought that by converting Bohemia to Catholicism he could become one of them. During the mission emperor Friedrich III. became well-disposed towards Kapistrán and recommended him to the protection of Ulrich II. von Rosenberg. Ulrich was one of the few Bohemian statesmen of a truly international level who had contacts with the emperor and prominent German and Austrian families. His leading position among the Catholic aristocracy in Bohemia excited a feeling abroad that he was absolutely devoted to Catholicism and wanted the Hussites defeated - it was for this reason that Kapistrán placed his hopes in Oldřich. When he did not receive an invitation from Jiří of Poděbrady after his successful stay in Moravia, he came to Český Krumlov on 15 October 1451 on Ulrich´s request. He helped to stabilize relations in a local Minorite monastery as well as influencing Ulrich von Rosenberg who had abandoned his estates and handed over the rule of his Rožmberk house to his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.642414
Retrieved Text: How Does Rio Communicate With Me?
We know you were ALL planning to come to the OneRio meeting at 6pm and PTSA meeting at 7pm and we know you are all HUGELY disappointed it was cancelled. But don’t despair – you have the Wednesday, Dec. 12 meeting to look forward to!
Nov. 28 Meeting on 2019/20 Schedule Change Cancelled do to NO SCHEDULE CHANGE!
After preliminary feedback from teachers, parents, and students, Rio Americano will remain in the same 6 period class schedule as we move into the 2019-2020 school year. We will continue to look at ways to address issues within our class schedule that preserves the programs important to our community and students. As a result of this decision, there will be no block schedule discussion meeting on Novemeber 28, 2018 in the PAC. If you have questions please call the main office at 916-979-8860 and ask for Mr. Ginter.
This entry was posted in school and tagged Great things are happening at Rio, OneRio, Rio, Rio Americano, Rio PTSA. Bookmark the permalink.
Done with those ACT/SAT study guides? Rio is having a Study Book Drive that’s going on at Rio from Feb 1-15! Bring books to your English class.
The 2nd round of gifts from the Rio Staff Wish List have gone out today! Thank you to these generous people who made their wishes come true: Mr Miller/Jill Rice Family Mr Korling/Laura Emge Fam Ms Bonato/Rahimi Nair Fam Mr. Gomes/Dan Ott, Jennifer Duggan, April Hergert, Niello Co/Summer Wright Families Ms. Mason/Laura Lehrer Fam Ms. Bostanzogolou/Carin Kaeser Fam Ms. Wood/Maria

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.605429
Retrieved Text: DENVER -- Denver teachers stormed out of a negotiating session with DPS when the meeting was cut short due to an inability for the two groups to compromise and avoid a strike.
The meeting came as a followup to the teachers' vote to strike and following hurdles that prevented that strike.
DPS offered teachers a guaranteed cost of living adjustment for a few years and an extra $3 million for teacher pay, starting with the 2020-2021 school year.
The Denver Classroom Teachers Association released a statement regarding Thursday evening's failed negotiations with Denver Public Schools.
In the statement, the DCTA said they were "disappointed" and DPS did not offer a "serious proposal."
The statement was released to the public by Henry Roman, president of the Denver Classroom Teachers Association, after public bargaining with Denver Public Schools ended.
Meanwhile, DPS Superintendent Susana Cordova told FOX31 she was also disappointed the union did not counter the district's offer.
"I think it’s really unfortunate where we are where we are right now," Cordova said. "The district put forth one proposal and got nothing in return. That's not negotiating. That’s not negotiating in good faith."
DCTA members approved a strike by a 93 percent vote Jan. 22 and are awaiting a decision by the Colorado Department of Labor and Employment on whether or not the state will intervene in the labor dispute. DCTA has requested the state not intervene in the matter; that decision is expected by Feb. 11.
The negotiations between DPS and the union have been public and often packed with teachers supporting the union.
But C.J. Larkin,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.5694
Retrieved Text: MOSCOW (AP) — A major fire aboard a docked Russian nuclear submarine that injured seven crew members with toxic fumes and left others stuck inside the vessel appeared to be brought under control on Friday, and officials said the blaze had caused no radiation leaks.
The fire began Thursday at an Arctic shipyard where the submarine Yekaterinburg was in drydock. At midday Friday, Russian state television showed the rubber-coated hull of the submarine still smoldering, with firefighters gathering around it and some standing on top to douse it with water.
An unspecified number of crew have remained inside the submarine, Defense Ministry spokesman Col. Igor Konashenkov said in a statement. He insisted there was no danger of fire spreading inside the sub and said the crew has reported that the conditions on board have remained normal. Konashenkov's statement left it unclear whether the crew were trapped there or ordered to stay inside.
The Defense Ministry and the Foreign Ministry said there has been no radiation leak from the fire.
The Norwegian Radiation Protection Authority said it has received information from both civil and military authorities in Russia that there was no radioactive leak. The Norwegian agency said it has not measured any increased radioactivity, adding it is following the situation closely.
However, the governor in Finnmark, Norway's northeastern province that borders Russia's Murmansk Oblast, told Norwegian broadcaster NRK that he was disappointed with Russia's response. "There have been problems to get clear information from the Russian side," Gunnar Kjoennoey was quoted as saying. "We have an agreement to exchange information in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.54477
Retrieved Text: David Bruni’s name will not appear on the ballot for the April 2 Flossmoor Village Board election, but he is contemplating a write-in campaign.
Bruni said after the Flossmoor Election Board’s decision Friday he would take several days to decide his next steps for one of the three four-year terms up for election.
"We are obviously disappointed with the electoral board's decision to not allow my name as a choice on the April 2 ballot for trustee. With that said, I respect the decision of the electoral board," Bruni said in a statement afterward.
"Candidates running uncontested or unopposed in any city, in any state is simply inane. The freedom of choice is one beautiful right we all have in this great land," he added.
To the consternation of the nearly three dozen people attending the Jan. 18 meeting, the Flossmoor Election Board – Mayor Paul Braun, Village Clerk Joni Bradley-Scott and Trustee Phil Minga – agreed to reconsider action on a vote it took on Jan. 2.
The election board reconvened that meeting on Friday and decided that Bruni failed to properly number his petitions after previously saying it was not grounds for being removed from the ballot. On the second go-round, the board found it was an important clerical error. It got Bruni thrown off the ballot.
The board, on Jan. 2, voted to uphold an objection charging that Bruni's petitions were not properly bound, and that would also be grounds for removing him from the ballot.
Election board members still need to take final action on removing Bruni from the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.45344
Retrieved Text: Published: Jan 28 at 8:43 a.m.
A month and a half after the Port aux Basques Mariners were handed 13 games worth of suspensions following a Dec. 1, 10-4 victory over rival Stephenville Jets, team president Shannon Battiste is still upset.
On Monday, Jan. 21 he released an open letter on the team’s Facebook page, along with two video clips, calling into question not only the suspensions themselves, but how the matter was subsequently handled by both the West Coast Senior Hockey League (WCSHL) and Hockey NL (HNL).
While the Jets were handed a total of five games for fighting, the Mariners were deemed the instigating team and received stiffer suspensions.
“The Mariners organization is very disappointed with how this incident was handled and feel that they were unjustly penalized. Thirteen games from one incident with one team is the longest suspension in league history,” wrote Battiste.
Both in the letter and follow-up interview with The Gulf News, Battiste took issue with the decision that the Mariners even fought. He instead maintains that the Jets goaltender slashed a Mariner forward, which triggered the fracas.
Battiste believes that referees could have regained control of the game merely by issuing two-minute minor penalties and 10-minute game misconducts to the offending players. He points to a recent game between the Stephenville Jets and the Corner Brook Royals on Jan. 11 that resulted in 156 penalty minutes but no suspensions.
“There was several fights. There was fellows (who) left benches engaged in fights, and they was all handed out twos and tens, no fights handed out,” says

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.421541
Retrieved Text: SEATTLE (Jan. 22, 2016) — The union of more than 2,000 Group Health nurses and healthcare workers, after meeting with Kaiser Permanente’s CEO and executives and deliberating deeply, is announcing today its endorsement of the proposed Kaiser Permanente acquisition.
SEIU Healthcare 1199NW is 28,000 nurses, healthcare workers, and mental health workers united throughout Washington state to improve our jobs and the care and services we provide.
EDITOR’S NOTE — UFCW Local 21 and Office and Professional Employees (OPEIU) Local 8 also represent workers at Group Health.
Posted by David Groves on Jan 22 2016. Filed under LOCAL. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. Both comments and pings are currently closed.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.384922
Retrieved Text: Don't hold back, man! Charlie Sheen went on yet another epic Twitter rampage today, May 22 -- this time against pop star Rihanna, who allegedly refused to meet his fiancee, Scottine Sheen (formerly Brett Rossi), when the three wound up in the same restaurant this week.
"So, I took my gal out to dinner last night with her best friends for her Bday. We heard Rihanna was present as well," he wrote in his trademark "tweet poem" style. "I sent a request over to her table to introduce my fiancee Scotty to her, as she is a huge fan. (Personally I couldn't pick her out of a lineup at gunpoint.)"
The post continued: "Well, the word we received back was that there were too many paps outside and it just wasn't possible at this time. At this time? AT THIS TIME?? Lemme guess, we're to reschedule another random 11 million to 1 encounter with her some other night...?"
The Anger Management actor, 48, went on to stress that he couldn't care less about meeting the "Pour It Up" singer, 26, -- but his fiancee was very disappointed. "No biggie for me; it would have been 84 interminable seconds of chugging Draino and 'please kill me now' that I'd never get back," he wrote. "My Gal, however, was NOT OK with it. Nice impression you left behind, Bday or not. Sorry we're not KOOL enough to warrant a blessing from the Princess. (Or in this case the Village idiot.)"
After noting that he "always" takes time to meet people, he took

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.346498
Retrieved Text: Taipei, Jan. 29 (CNA) Representatives from the United States, Japan and three of Taiwan's diplomatic allies voiced support for Taiwan's participation in the World Health Assembly (WHA) at a World Health Organization (WHO) board meeting Monday.
Taiwan's government had previously decided not to press its allies to submit a proposal on Taiwan's WHA participation at the Executive Board meeting in Geneva, but a number of allies have argued that Taiwan had a role to play in the body.
Diplomatic allies eSwatini, Haiti and Paraguay spoke up for Taiwan at the meeting Saturday, and allies Guatemala, Nicaragua and the Solomon Islands along with the U.S. and Japan voiced support for Taiwan's WHA participation on Monday.
Taiwan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs expressed its gratitude for their support.
In his address to the board, Colin McIff, senior health attache at the U.S. Mission in Geneva, said Taiwan's participation in the WHO's technical work "is beneficial to all" because it is important for the organization to draw on the technical expertise and financial resources of all interested parties.
"The U.S. was pleased, therefore, when Taiwan offered to contribute US$1 million to the Ebola response last year and disappointed that so far that WHO has not found a way to accept the contribution," he said.
McIff was referring to Taiwan's announcement in December that it had to suspend the planned donation due to political factors as the WHO secretariat was unable to ensure that Taiwan's national dignity would be respected in the donation process.
Though he did not mention Taiwan directly, Hiroyuki Hori, a senior official in Japan's

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.277946
Retrieved Text: For guidelines on the editing of minutes, please see the page on the responsibilities of the recorder.
Members: Rudy Siegers, Jan Steinman, Carol Wagner.
Approved last meeting minutes and Thursday's special meeting minutes.
Took Ilia to the ferry this morning -- thanks for all your help, Ilia!
Ken Conrad moving in today.
Rob & Julie arriving 15:35 today.
Deb & Vince arriving Thursday.
Paul & Suzanne arriving Saturday.
Agreed to add standing agenda item: plan for the week, with the goal of everyone updating their personal, off-line "to do" list.
This page was last modified 04:56, 10 October 2013 by MediaWiki user Jan Steinman.

================



======= Instance Index 4381 =========
Input Text: Context: Jordan explained another story.

Question: How would Jordan feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: jordan tells his love

B: trying to win favor

C: jordan tells a story

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.704332
Retrieved Text: Henry Cavill Superman Controversy Explained! Michael B. Jordan Is Next Superman?
Could Michael B. Jordan be the next Superman?
“We have a great relationship and great respect for Henry Cavill that continues to remain unchanged. Additionally we have made no current decisions regarding any upcoming Superman films,” read a statement from a Warner Bros. spokesperson after the initial publication of this story.
The other part of this story is that Michael B. Jordan is in the running to replace Cavill as the new Superman. Many people are up in arms. Mostly because the general public do not read comics or at least not all of them. Calvin Ellis of Earth 23 was a black Superman who is also the President of the United States. Jordan also recently talked about a team up with Warner Bros. to bring more inclusivity and diversity to Hollywood, so It wont be surprising if that is the direction they choose to go.
So tell us, are you excited about this news? Do you want to continue to see Henry Cavill stay as Superman or do you think Michael B Jordan will bring a new refreshing take on the DC Character? Lets discuss in the comments or on social.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.96697
Retrieved Text: Chadwick Boseman Was Fired From “All My Children” Due To A Stereotypical Black Character – Michael B Jordan Took His Place!
Chadwick Boseman and Michael B. Jordan, unbeknownst to many of their fans, actually already had a mutual connection before their massive breakout roles in Black Panther. At one point in Boseman’s career, he had a job on All My Children, a weekly soap opera, however, he was fired after criticizing the stereotypical portrayal of his black character.
Chadwick told producers he wasn’t pleased with the racial stereotypes that came as part-and-parcel of his character. Unfortunately, they fired him and brought in Michael B. Jordan instead.
Although, it appears as though the producers and writers took his criticisms seriously because they then updated his character to be more sophisticated and more of an individual, rather than a characterization of a common ethnic stereotype.
The Wrap was the outlet to discover precisely what happened on the set of All My Children. The publication sat down with the actor and Boseman explained that he had a lot of issues with Reggie Montgomery – his persona on All My Children.
Boseman said that he wanted to portray the character in a way that wasn’t so stereotypical. His mistake, however, was the fact he told others on the set his intentions.
Jordan added that he is younger than Chad and he was coming to All My Children right after The Wire. Jordan explained that he was playing a role, not realizing that he was benefiting the sacrifices that another person had made for him. It was

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.261837
Retrieved Text: Ever have one of those days when no matter what you do, everything goes wrong? And then when it seems like it can’t get worse, it does? Then you might be Jordan. If you’re a ghost, you might be Haunting Jordan.
Jordan’s suspected of killing her husband. Yikes! But there are a couple other things going on in this book. PJ Alderman keeps the reader on his or her toes with this story. Yes, trying to keep the interwoven storylines straight can be a bit tricky, but it’s worth it.
I like Jordan’s gutsy pluck. She may not know exactly what happened to her late husband, but she’s sure she didn’t do him in. She’s headstrong and willing to go the mile not only to prove her innocence, but to figure out who killed the ghosts in her house? Yep, you read that right—she’s got ghosts in her house with issues of their own, that only Jordan can solve.
Although the antagonist is a bit obscure at times, you still root for Jordan to win out and solve the cases. And when the bad person rears, you find yourself really disliking them and that helps boost the story.
Sometimes a story can have too many characters. Not so with this book. Yes, you need to keep them straight and yes, there’s sizzle between Jase and Jordan. Still, the mix of eccentricities adds color to this story. Though there could be a bit more between Jase and Jordan, the reader sides with her reluctance to get into a relationship—she’s just lost

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.24131
Retrieved Text: Another beautiful day. The sun was shining, and the sea sparkling – even birds chirping as we awoke. Some of the pilgrims had gone down to the Sea of Galilee early to see the sun rise and the fishermen – some were still trying to get a good night’s sleep – after breakfast, we boarded the bus – the colorful bougainvillea were beautiful as we did morning prayer and began our drive north along the shore of the Sea of Galilee.
Driving north into the Upper Galilee we were climbing 3,600 feet to Safed, a quaint Jewish city and artist colony, center of Kabbalah with a strong mystical tradition. Zack Shavin talked about rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai who lived in the 2nd century, disciple of the great Rabbi Akiva. During the Roman Hadrianic persecutions following the 134 A.C. Bar Kochba revolt, Shimeon Bar Yochai hid in a cave for 14 years till things quieted down. During that period of solitude he had his mystical Kabbalah vision and enlightenment with regard to the place of God in the world and in our lives. When he left the cave he gathered a new generation of young Jewish scholars and disciples around him and transmitted his knowledge to them. His teachings were written down in the book of Zohar (“Splendor”).
Zack talked about how the Kabbalah tradition was carried to Spain when Jews were exiled from Judea and the Land of Israel under the Romans. In 1492, after the Expulsion from Spain under the Catholics and Inquisition, Jews were invited by

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.126678
Retrieved Text: JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers are giving fans a peek into the next chapter of their love story!
The preview of Engaged also features Fletcher telling viewers that she and Rodgers “didn’t deal with [post-show life] very well in the beginning” and shows the couple chatting with Fletcher’s parents.
“You got some popcorn? I’m ready. Let’s go,” Rodgers exclaims.
Fletcher and Rodgers are both clearly excited about their new venture, each taking to Twitter to celebrate the news.
The couple got engaged in 2016 after Rodgers, a former NFL player, won Fletcher’s heart on season 12 of The Bachelorette. ET caught up with Fletcher last August, and she explained why they’re not rushing into marriage.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.96811
Retrieved Text: Doctors cured now a month old Omarion Jordan who was suffering from Severe Combined Immunodeficiency Syndrome (SCID) also called the ‘bubble boy disease’ through gene therapy. It involves removing some of a patient’s blood cells, using the modified HIV to insert the missing gene, and returning the cells through an IV. No serious side effects occurred.
The trailer of the much talked about song of Jordan Sandhu ‘Do You Remember’ has been released. Featuring a tale of a hero turning into a villain, the song’s trailer is high on drama.
Jordan Sandhu’s much-awaited song ‘Do You Remember’ has finally got a release date. The song will be making it to the music charts on April 20.
Diksha Dagar, who became the youngest Indian woman to win on the Ladies European Tour in the Investec South African Women's Open in Cape Town last month, will be looking to "make history" at this week's inaugural Jordan Mixed Open.
Jordan Sandhu, who was recently busy with his Pollywood acting projects, has finally announced his first single of 2019. Titled ‘Do You Remember’, the song’s poster is out and has been shared by Jordan on his social media handle.
Actor Michael B Jordon is set to lead the cast of upcoming 'Methuselah' movie. The 'Creed' star will also be serving as the producer on the project.
Filmmaker Jordan Peele has explained the significance of showing a character donning a Michael Jackson T-shirt in his upcoming directorial 'Us'.
The site is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, home to the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.916697
Retrieved Text: The line-ups & conjunctions of four naked-eye planets just west of the Sun - see also here, here, here, here, here, here and here plus an animation; a close Venus/Jupiter conjunction on May 11 & 12 is the next highlight - have been a great show in Southern and extremely tough to see in mid-Northern latitudes. Here are impressions of May 9 from Argentina, California and Australia, of May 8 from Austria, Jordan, Turkey and Australia (again), of May 7 from Chile, Italy, Austria (daytime close-ups!) and Tasmania, of May 6 from the U.S. and Austria, of May 5 from Argentina and Australia, of May 4 from Australia, of May 3 from Australia, of May 2 from Chile, of May 1 from Chile (cropped), the U.K., Australia (again and again) and the Philippines, of April 30 from Florida and Venezuela and of April 29 from New Zealand.
In small bodies news a big paper on how to get asteroid shapes from lightcurves and stellar occultations, the funny lightcurve of 2010 TU5, another 2005 YU55 press release (picked up here and here) and a long German story on NEO defense. • In Poland a meteorite hit a house (more, more and more) and a new mineral - named krotite - has been found in a meteorite. • There is a 3rd mag. Kreutz comet in this May 10 SOHO image at 7 o'clock (earlier today), comet Elenin on May 4, May 3 (more) and more dates, with absurdly high, optimistic and pessimistic predictions around, and new comet websites

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.892607
Retrieved Text: As a quantum state collapses from a quantum superposition to a classical state or a different superposition, it will follow a path known as a quantum trajectory. For each start and end state there is an optimal or "most likely" path, but it is not as easy to predict the path or track it experimentally as a straight-line between two points would be in our everyday, classical world.
In a new paper featured on the July 30 cover of Nature, scientists from the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University, the University of Rochester, University of California at Berkeley, and Washington University in St. Louis have shown that it is possible to track these quantum trajectories and compare them to a recently developed theory for predicting the most likely path a system will take between two states.
Andrew N. Jordan, professor of physics at the University of Rochester and member of Chapman's Institute for Quantum Studies, is one of the authors of the paper. His group had developed this new theory in an earlier paper. The results published this week show good agreement between theory and experiment.
Kater Murch, co-author and assistant professor at Washington University in St. Louis, explained that a key part of the experiment was being able to measure each of these trajectories while the system was changing, something that had not been possible until now. This was made possible by using a breakthrough called "weak measurements" introduced by Chapman University's Yakir Aharonov.
"Everybody knows that if your only tool is a hammer, then you tend to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.86605
Retrieved Text: The number will forever be synonymous with michael jordan. when it was time to create his rd signature sneaker in , tinker hatfield cooked up another tribute to his airness and his storied career.Learn the history and origins of the air jordan . discover the story and insight behind the iconic shoe and find original, retro and unreleased colorways. Air jordan vi “flight nostalgia” hol dir retros, die nie aus der mode kommen, darunter den neuen aj vi, dessen details an das tempo und die kle von michael jordan erinnern. Air jordan ‘varsity royal/maize’ this pays tribute with mjs high school colors on an iconic silhouette he debuted as pro.
Find great deals on ebay for nike air jordan shoes. shop with confidence. Product features nike air jordan formula mens basketball trainers sneakers shoes Adretro & verehrt. kultiger stil, tglicher tragekomfort. shoppe die kollektion. Adtopauswahl an schuhen zu gnstigen preisen. kostenlose lieferung mglich Air jordan vi “flight nostalgia” hol dir retros, die nie aus der mode kommen, darunter den neuen aj vi, dessen details an das tempo und die kle von michael jordan erinnern.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.857018
Retrieved Text: How Old Is Jordan Peele?
Get to know the writer, actor, and director Jordan Peele, ahead.
Born on February 21, 1979, in New York City, New York, Jordan Peele is 40 years old, according to IMDb.
Yes. Peele is married to comedian and actor, Chelsea Peretti (Brooklyn Nine-Nine).
Does Jordan Peele have any kids?
Yes, Peele is a father. He and Peretti share a son, Beaumont Gino, who is eight-months-old, according to People.
“Every day is a joy. You just get a little bit more of the person. You meet a little bit more of the person,” he explained. “Seeing that smile or recognition is everything,” Peele told People about being a parent.
Get Out is about Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) and his girlfriend, Rose (Allison Williams). They’re at the meet-the-parents stage in their relationship so they spend a weekend with Rose’s parents. Throughout the weekend, Chris makes “disturbing discoveries” that lead him to a shocking realization.
Peele wrote and directed the 2017 horror film. He used details from his own life in the movie, such as the interracial dating. Peele is the product of an interracial relationship.
A critical and box office hit, Get Out became one of the most talked about films of the year. The film earned five Academy Award nominations including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actor. Peele took home an Oscar for Best Screenplay in 2018 making him the first African-American screenwriter to win the award.
Peele is ramping up to unleash another horror film on the masses called Us. It premieres on March 22, 2019.
Ok, so far so good. Nothing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.765238
Retrieved Text: The Sacred Page: Breaking: "More Ancient Manuscripts Recovered!" Let's Just Wait and See. . .
Breaking: "More Ancient Manuscripts Recovered!" Let's Just Wait and See. . .
Later, they were stolen and most were believed to have been smuggled into Israel. Jordan has demanded Israel return the manuscripts but has gotten no response.
Okay, everyone. . . breathe.
We just went down this route and, as I explained then, after the dust settled the "find" of was exposed as a fake, thanks primarily to work of academic Bible bloggers ("bibliobloggers"). In fact, this report sounds very similar to that story, making me wonder if the manuscripts in question are in fact related to that con-job.
The story says tests are being done. . . let's just wait and see about that.
Remember: real scholarship is presented in peer-reviewed journals and conferences and not simply in press conferences.
H/T Jim Davilia, who in turn tips his hat to Joseph Lauer.
I suspect this is not just a similar story but the same story, or an update on it. The details seem almost the same as in this BBC report from March. Usually by "manuscripts" we think of something on papyrus, parchment etc, but it would hardly be surprising if AP used the word for books written by hand on lead tablets.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.634977
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted on Tuesday, November 6th, 2018 at 10:26 am.
WESTBURY’s Jordan Daykin will be the next speaker to inspire debate and conversation at Wiltshire Council’s #EPIC Talks event.
Following another recent successful #EPIC Talks event, Wiltshire Council is already looking forward to the next batch of speakers, including the local-born Dragons’ Den winner.
Wiltshire Council’s #EPIC Talks series aims to stimulate debate and learning by inviting inspirational speakers to share their knowledge, held at the Civic Hall in Trowbridge.
Next up is Westbury’s Jordan Daykin on Thursday 29th November at 5.30pm. Jordan hit the headlines at the age of 18 when he became the youngest ever person to win investment on the BBC show Dragons’ Den.
Jordan will share his uplifting story of how he overcame immense obstacles to achieve outstanding success as an entrepreneur. He will share insights from his new book ‘Gripped: My story’, which describes how he came up with ideas for his first business, how a business is built up from scratch, and how his tremendous work ethic and passion for business are at the heart of his success.
Following his talk, Jordan will open up the floor for a Q&A session followed by an exclusive book signing. Copies of Jordan’s book will be available at a discounted rate of £7 each.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.338518
Retrieved Text: UPDATED Feb. 21, 9:26 p.m. ET: SpringHill Entertainment took to social media to announce the release date for Space Jam 2.
The movie will be out on July 16, 2021.
The LeBron James versus Michael Jordan G.O.A.T debate is as timeless as sports arguments come. The 34-year-old Lakers star has continued his trek into superstardom despite nearing the age when the greats tend to call it quits. With a 27.1 points per game average currently, he&apos;s not slowing down anytime soon, which has kept the Jordan comparison alive and well. Now, the two greatest players of all time will have another career highlight in common—Space Jam.
During an All Star Weekend interview, James confirmed that Space Jam 2, the sequel to Michael Jordan&apos;s crossover 1996 film, will begin filming this coming summer. As previously reported, James will be playing the leading role in addition to being one of the film&apos;s executive producers.
The original film featured Jordan as he teamed up with the Looney Tunes to take on the wicked Monstars in a game of basketball. Although the film wasn&apos;t cited as an acclaimed cinema release, its notoriety has been immortalized thanks to Jordan&apos;s infamy and the endless entertainment that the Warner Bros. characters bring to the big screen.
In September 2018, SpringHill Entertainment, which was co-founded by James, announced that Ryan Coogler, the acclaimed Black Panther director, has signed on to produce the sequel, with Random Acts of Flyness creator Terence Nance confirmed as the project&apos;s director. In an interview with Vice, Nance explained that he believes the film will

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.287355
Retrieved Text: With Hearts and Hazelnuts, we get another entry into the States of Love series – this time set in Oregon. The story centers around Jordan and Beckett’s emerging relationship, while also balancing a threat to Beckett’s farm, a few side characters whose stories are mostly heard rather than seen, and a promise that everything will work out in the end.
The two main characters, Jordan and Beckett, had their relevant backstories fleshed out enough to support the story and allow us to root for their eventual success. We got the typical “both are interested, but don’t know the other is as well” teases before they embarked on their mutual passion, along with some hints that there was more going on in their histories than we got a look at. I’m curious to know more about Jordan’s relationship with his parents, as well as Beckett’s relationship with his dad. There felt like there was much more to say on both those fronts, but perhaps that’s best left for another visit back to these characters and their future together.
Jordan’s brother, John, and the farmhand Cory were two more characters that I wanted to know a bit more about, but we only got glimpses of them. To be honest, when the explanation of who had been helping competitor Homer Gagnon harass and vandalize Beckett’s farm, I was fully expecting it to be Cory’s estranged boyfriend instead of bringing in a whole new character. But maybe that would have been a bit too neat and tidy for the story. In the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.225527
Retrieved Text: Jordan Brand is scheduled to release a Radio Raheem colorway of the Air Jordan 2 in the early part of 2016. The shoe will come in a black leather upper with minimal color detailing on the side panels, tongue and eyelets. If you don’t like the Air Jordan 2 silhouette but you do like the colorway, there’s an alternative.
Up above we see the Air Jordan 1 Mid in the same Radio Raheem colorway that first appeared on the Air Jordan 2. This Air Jordan 1 Mid also comes with a black leather on the upper and Fire Pink detailing outlining the Swoosh and the ankle, on the Wings logo on the ankle and on the Jumpman branding on the tongue. Photo Blue then covers the inner liner as well as the outsole to add another punch of color to the shoe. Balancing things out a bit is a white midsole.
If you want to pay homage to Spike Lee’s Do The Right Thing, this colorway of the Air Jordan 1 Mid can be found now at select retailers for $110.
Just like the Air Jordan 2, it’s hard to imagine how this shoe/colorway has any connection to Do The Right Thing or Radio Raheem. I wish Jordan Brand would give us a story behind these colorways instead of just leaving us to wonder what their inspiration is.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.186192
Retrieved Text: About 68 percent of Marion Jordan Elementary School students passed annual English language arts assessments in 2018 and 32 percent of students failed, according to a North Cook News analysis of the latest Illinois schools report card.
According to Marion Jordan Elementary School English language scores, about 51 percent met expectations and 17 percent exceeded them. Students whose results are in either category are considered to be most ready to move on to the next level and are most prepared for college or work.
Another 20 percent approached expectations, while 7 percent partially met expectations and 5 percent did not meet them. Students who scored in these categories are not ready for the next level of schooling, according to the test.
Test results at Marion Jordan Elementary School, which enrolled 465 students in 2018, surpassed state averages.
Want to get notified whenever we write about Marion Jordan Elementary School ?
Next time we write about Marion Jordan Elementary School, we'll email you a link to the story. You may edit your settings or unsubscribe at any time.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.1674
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: Kyle Rayner, once considered the last Green Lantern, discovers a secret on the outskirts of the universe and begins the long journey back to Earth to deliver the message - "Parallax is coming." Meanwhile on Earth, Hal Jordan is spiritual host to the Spectre, the powerful spirit of vengeance. Hal Jordan was the first member of the Green Lantern Corps from Earth and became the greatest hero among the legions of other Green Lanterns. He fell from grace after his hometown of Coast City and all its inhabitants were annihilated by the alien warlord Mongul. Losing control after the devastating loss, Hal attempted to resurrect Coast City with the energy from the central power battery on Oa destroying the Green Lantern Corps in the process. He assumed the new identity Parallax and began searching for a greater power source to bring back Coast City. Later he opposed the heroes of Earth during Zero Hour, actually killing several members of the Justice Society of America. He sacrificed his life to restart the sun and save the Earth in a final bid for redemption during the Final Night event.
After his death, Hal Jordan's soul was bonded to the Spectre in another attempt at redemption. The heroic spirit of the greatest Green Lantern working as a counterbalance to the Spectre's unforgiving vengeance wreaked upon the guilty. The union has been incredibly difficult for both parties as each rails against the other's true nature in an ever-escalating battle of wills. Something is awry in the bonding and Hal Jordan

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.148172
Retrieved Text: One of the best gifts that dyslexia gives people is that it gives people the ability to find new and unique strategies to get things done. This is how Marc Jordan has become successful as a songwriter. Although he is probably not a household name to most of us, you have probably caught yourself singing along to one of his songs at some time or another. Marc Jordan has written for some of the most incredible artists of our time including: Diana Ross, Bette Midler, Cher, Chicago and Rod Stewart but he had several challenges on his way to becoming the successful songwriter he is today. In an interview with The Toronto Star, Marc explained how he struggled with reading in school and was told by a councilor that he had the intelligence “of a spider monkey”. That feeling of being stupid stayed with him until he reached high school when he took a different set of tests that looked at conceptual learning and revealed that he was in fact smart. He also struggled with reading in terms of his piano playing-he struggled to read the musical notes but he developed strategies to memorize his teachers’ movements and he found he could recreate the music. With these strategies, Jordan was able to become an incredibly successful piano player and songwriter.
1.How can you use the strategies that you have developed to become successful?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.110111
Retrieved Text: You may have thought that the abuse “scandal” that broke over Independence Day weekend about Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, was already dead. Guess again.
The stories at NBC and New York Magazine focus on text messages sent to Dunyasha Yetts and Mike Disabato, who both wrestled at Ohio State during Jordan’s tenure as an assistant coach, from Russ Hellickson – a former Olympic silver medalist who was head wrestling coach at the time. The accusers claim that Hellickson tried to pressure them to recant their stories, and that he was under pressure from Jordan to do so.
The first lesson is that you never want to send any written communication, whether it be text, email, or social media direct message, that you wouldn’t want on the front page of your local paper or read aloud in a deposition. After all, it just might.
But let’s get back to business and take a look at the evidence, shall we?
The screenshots can be viewed here.
As far as Hellickson saying that he was under pressure to get accusers to recant? You know, the actual “story” part of the story? Those allegedly took place in a phone call that happened later, so it hinges completely on whether or not the reader trusts the accusers in the first place.
And thus, we’re back to the initial problem with this whole scandal: The two accusers at the root of all this do not appear to be trustworthy, as Chris Pandolfo and I explained when this whole thing started.
Yetts said that after he declined to take back

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.041883
Retrieved Text: A Boston mother accused of forcing her young son to steal from a Kohl's department store waived arraignment at a New Hampshire court Friday.
Rockingham Superior Court Friday. Salem Police say what she did a few months back, they've almost never seen before.
"You definitely shake your head and you can't explain it," said Capt. Joel Dolan.
Just minutes after being arraigned on a separate shoplifting charge in Salem District Court, Salem Police say 33-year-old Adelaida Jordan, a resident of Boston's Roxbury neighborhood, was stealing again. This time, they say she went into the Salem Kohl's and forced her 8-year-old son to push a cart full of stolen items out of the store.
"They leave the courthouse and before they go back to where they live, they're committing another crime," Dolan said. "Even as much as we see, that's pretty rare."
Police say they caught Jordan, her 18-year-old niece and the boy on surveillance video.
"She's acting as a lookout and she actually directs them and you can see her give a hand motion to them to start walking and leaving the store," Dolan explained.
Authorities won't release the footage of the Dec. 21 incident at Kohl's because Jordan has now been indicted on felony shoplifting charges and endangering the welfare of a child.
Police say her little boy is their biggest concern.
"To have the parents engage them in an outright crime and use them as a vessel to commit that crime, it is certainly disturbing,"
Jordan's son was released to family members.
Her lawyer declined to comment Friday, but told necn Jordan is due back

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.006805
Retrieved Text: American Horror Story producers have been notoriously quiet about what is going to happen on Season 6 of the show. They have not yet released the theme for AHS Season 6, and there have been many teaser details released, but nothing that is quite fulfilling for fans who have been waiting anxiously.
This week, another little detail about Season 6 of American Horror Story has been revealed, but not from the producers of the show. This little piece of information actually slipped out from a former cast member of American Horror Story who starred in Season 3 of the show, the Coven installment.
For those who do not remember, Season 3 of American Horror Story featured one of those bit actors who everyone knows but few remember. His name is Leslie Jordan, and he has been on so many different TV shows, movies, and various other forms of entertainment that he is hard not to notice.
Leslie Jordan is more than just the bit part he played in Season 3 of American Horror Story, though. He is actually an Emmy Award-winning actor who played a bit part on Will and Grace that won him the prestigious award. Jordan has also long been a favorite among the LGBT community, performing acts in various cities, which includes an upcoming act he is about to perform in Washington, according to the Washington Blade.
Jordan is one of those actors who are just always fun to be around and watch. He has that kind of character that is downright funny and surprisingly candid. His

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.939178
Retrieved Text: Jordan Peele White Actors Speech Reaction; Racist?
Jordan Peele White Actors Speech Reaction; Racist Comments?
Jordan Peele says, “I Don’t See Myself Casting a White Dude” in future movies. Racist comment? A black Youtubers reaction.
Liberal media like The Hollywood Reporter are using clickbait headline titles for a Jordan Peele quote. This is what the Get Out director said.
So, is Jordan Peele racist for not wanting to cast a white dude as the lead in his movies? I don’t think so. The Academy Award winner just wants the next Jordan Peele movies to represent who he is, which is a black man. Nothing wrong with wanting Black Hollywood to prosper. There are way more white actors in Hollywood than there are African American’s. This is all explained in the Jordan Peel white dudes video. The Key & Peele creator is making black diversity in Hollywood happen and this isn’t a controversy to be worried about.
This is not the same as the Brie Larson white men comments.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.937723
Retrieved Text: When talking about wrap coach sale dresses hermes outlet we can’t under armour clearance forget Diane von Furstenberg, North Face Rain Jacket who is the inventor of this absolutely versatile cross style dress. This dress style created nike air max shoes by her is north face outlet store hugely popular even today, and any woman wearing cheap salomon shoes this dress looks kate spade clearance stunning. Cheap North Face Jackets Wrap dress was created on the lines of kimono and toga, two traditional dresses, yet it michael kors outlet handbags looks contemporary and is pretty simple to make. Dr. Rahul Manchanda explained the preventive, diagnostic converse sale and prognostic investigations, saying, investigations include Pap toms outlet factory smear, mammography, pelvic ultrasound and bone assessment Sometimes women fear getting themselves examined because of the Canada Goose Outlet fear mont blanc mountain of discovering a lesion. Embarrassment and radiation effects North Face Outlet are other reasons why reebok pumps for sale women do not come forward for medical examinations. fitflop outlet store Internet Protocol (IP) Michael Kors Purses address Your IP hermes outlet online address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data such canada goose outlet as the webpages you jordan 12 view. We use this information Michael Kors to deliver our webpages coach purses outlet to you upon request, to hollister clothing store tailor our Sites ralph lauren polo outlet online to nike outlets the interests of our users cheap nike air max and to measure traffic within

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.589088
Retrieved Text: Cape Town - South Africa is rushing headlong into another major corporate collapse in the near future, according to Glen Jordan, director of IMB Financial Services.
In his view, reckless credit in the unsecured lending sector was at the centre of the major business failures in the former African Bank and Steinhoff. He thinks it is just a matter of time until the next big player’s bubble bursts.
"While unsecured lending bore fantastic results for companies such as Steinhoff and [former] African Bank (Abil) in the short term, it should be plainly apparent that this model is unsustainable and inevitably leads to collapse," warned Jordan.
"One doesn’t have to look too hard in SA to find other companies making almost obscene returns from unsecured lending and it is just a matter of time before they join Steinhoff and [former] African Bank as 'case studies in corporate greed'."
He is basing his argument on data released by the National Credit Regulator (NCR) in December 2017.
"By separating the relatively healthy debt of the so-called wealthy, in areas such as mortgages, from the distressed credit situation in unsecured lending where the poor majority battle, an entirely different and alarming picture emerges," explained Jordan.
According to NCR data, the amount of credit and store card debt in deep arrears - that is payments that have been due for 120 days or more - is rapidly approaching R18bn.
"Considering that gross domestic product (economic growth) remains almost stagnant, while unemployment levels are on the rise, any company that has a major exposure in the unsecured lending sector

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.57659
Retrieved Text: It's never too soon to dream big--or to take action! Pursue excellence with this inspiring picture book from the mother of star basketball player Michael Jordan.
Before Michael Jordan was a record-breaking athlete, he was a young boy who dreamed of playing basketball for the United States Olympic team. His mother tells him, "Dreaming is for dreams. If you want to play, you better get busy." So what did Michael do? He got busy! Discover how Michael made his wish into a reality--Olympic gold medal included--in this motivational picture book for sports fans, go-getters, and anyone with big dreams!
Michael Jordan's mother returns for another story about her famous son's childhood.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.526592
Retrieved Text: Managing editor David Donovan tells the real story of Jennifer Nash, the lady widely misreported as having called the Prime Minister “white trash” at a community cabinet meeting on Tuesday night.
Jennifer and Jordan Nash protesting at another community forum in Clontarf.
It is somewhat gratifying to see the Brisbane Times online story, which initially claimed a “heckler” had called Julia Gillard “white trash” at a community cabinet meeting at Redbank Plains outside of Brisbane on Tuesday night, has been amended — with the correct quote now being reported.
In fact, what Jennifer Nash, the so-called “heckler”, said was “we are not white trash” — putting an entirely different perspective on matters, as she is a low-income single mother who has been campaigning for social justice for her son Jordan for many years.
Her son, Jordan Nash, was the last speaker to ask a question of Julia Gillard at the meeting, standing on a chair to be finally heard (at about 5’18” in the above video link).
Jennifer is well-known to long-time Independent Australia readers, as mid-last year we did a full and thorough investigation into former school bullying victim Jordan and his mother's fight for justice, along with their rather callous treatment at the hands of the Queensland Police, justice system and Government.
To access the three stories Independent Australia has published on Jennifer and Jordan Nash, including my two investigative articles and one written by Jordan Nash himself, click here.
If your child has a disability and is suffering from bullying and harassment at school in Queensland, don’t even think about

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.518703
Retrieved Text: Jordan Spieth had a less-than-stellar season, particularly on the greens. Early in the Ryder Cup, it's a different story.
Jordan Spieth had a less-than-stellar year, posting his first-winless season since he's been on Tour and struggling with his putting.
Early on in the Ryder Cup, it's a been a different story entirely.
Playing alongside longtime buddy Justin Thomas, Spieth birdied five of his first seven holes to carry his team to a 3-up lead.
It started on his very first hole, where he almost jarred a wedge en route to an opening birdie.
On the 4th, he holed about a 20 footer for par to halve the hole.
He would pour another 20-plus footer right in the center for a winning birdie on 5.
Things got really ridiculous at 9, where he holed a chip for a 3-up lead. Understandably, he and Thomas were pumped.
Thomas and Spieth used Spieth's score on the first seven holes. Having him putting like this, with this much confidence, would be huge for the U.S. going forward.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.51717
Retrieved Text: After CVS Employee Backlash, Witness Comes Forward With A Very Different Side Of The Story Reviewed by Edgeville Buzz on July 19, 2018 .
After last Friday evening’s incident at the CVS store at 6150 N. Broadway in Edgewater, CVS corporate was in clean up mode putting out an apology and firing two store employees. Now a witness has come forward painting a very different side of the story.
It all started when Morry Matson and another employee at the CVS Pharmacy considered a coupon for a free product being used by customer Camilla Hudson was not valid. According to her, Matson eventually called the police and that is when she broke out her camera phone to record the incident. Police did come and Hudson did leave the store without incident.
However, another customer who was at the scene has a very different picture of the events that unfolded a week ago. Marquecia Jordan witnessed the whole situation.
Jordan feels the whole ordeal could have been handled much better but that Hudson went well over the line.
It was confirmed on Monday that both employees were terminated at the store. Matson, who was running for Alderman of the 48th Ward confirmed that he is now dropping out of the race for health reasons. A chapter of the LGBT Republican group Log Cabin Republicans, which Matson was president, also terminated his leadership.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.462759
Retrieved Text: PHOENIX — A mother who donated her 7-month-old son’s organs after he passed away hears his heart beat for the first time in nearly three years.
Heather Clark faced a tragedy in 2013 when she lost her 7-month-old son, Lukas. Lukas died after being abused by his babysitter’s boyfriend. Clark didn’t think twice before donating his organs to save a life of another child.
Clark couldn’t hide her emotions as she listened to the heart of 4-year-old organ recipient Jordan Drake at Phoenix Children’s Hospital. According to the Daily Mail, Jordan was born with congenital heart defect and was one of the three children that received Lukas’ organs.
Clark reached out to Jordan’s mother Esther Gonzalez in December of last year and shared her excitement about meeting the family on Facebook.
Clark shared her excitement a week before the meeting as well.
Gonzalez gifted Clark with a red teddy bear covered in pink hearts that when pressed made a heartbeat sound. “That’s Lukas’ heartbeat,” Gonzalez explained. At the meeting, Clark also shared photographs of Lukas with Gonzalez.
Donate Life Arizona captured the emotional reunion on Friday and shared photos on Facebook. They also captured the entire reunion on video.
You can take a look at the full video in the player above.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.462751
Retrieved Text: Steve Orlando, writer of MIDNIGHTER and the ongoing SUPERGIRL series, debuts a new tale of a character adhering to fulfill the dying wishes of his dead parents in NAMESAKE #1. The plot, however, goes deeper with the introduction of an Earth fixated with the world of Ektae. Through “dimensional alignment,” for seven days of every seventh year, the people of Earth and the “Sidhans” of Ektae get together to celebrate a cultural phenomenon known as Ektae’s Blessing, which seems like a week of heavy partying and bonding. Much of the world of Ektae is yet to be explored in this first issue, but you do get a sense of some of the Sidhans as a bunch of misfits with face marks.
The story revolves around Jordan Molossus, a firefighter just trying to do his job on a night that feels like the ruckus of New Year’s Eve in NYC. The Sidhans make Jordan’s job harder, as some fires are based on Sidhan “magic.” Jordan seems to understand the Sidhan culture more than his peers as he explains the fundamentals of Ektae. Although he comes off as a mysterious loner, it becomes clear that Jordan has some ties to Ektae, since he is being hunted by a well known Sidhan figure. The story further develops as Jordan receives a package containing two flashy iron urns and a letter from his deceased father. The letter expresses his father’s regret of abandoning him as a child and a plea to bury both of Jordan’s parents remains on Ektae.
The theme of

================



======= Instance Index 29321 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan found time to exercise every day.

Question: How would you describe Jan?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: lazy

B: decide how to work out

C: healthy

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.731766
Retrieved Text: Nyberg, Stian Kwak; Berg, Ole Kristian; Helgerud, Jan; Wang, Eivind. (2018) Reliability of forearm oxygen uptake during handgrip exercise : assessment by ultrasonography and venous blood gas. Physiological Reports. vol. 6:e13696 (10).
Tørhaug, Tom; Brurok, Berit; Hoff, Jan; Helgerud, Jan; Leivseth, Gunnar. (2018) Arm Cycling Combined with Passive Leg Cycling Enhances VO2peak in Persons with Spinal Cord Injury Above the Sixth Thoracic Vertebra. Topics in Spinal Cord Injury Rehabilitation. vol. 24 (1).
Nyberg, Stian K.; Berg, Ole Kristian; Helgerud, Jan; Wang, Eivind. (2017) Blood flow regulation and oxygen uptake during high-intensity forearm exercise. Journal of applied physiology. vol. 122 (4).
Nyberg, Stian K.; Berg, Ole Kristian; Helgerud, Jan; Wang, Eivind. (2017) Validity of forearm oxygen uptake during handgrip exercise : assessment by ultrasonography and venous blood gas. Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise. vol. 49 (5S).
Rossman, Matthew J; Jonathan H., Groot; Garten, Ryan S.; Wang, Eivind; Helgerud, Jan; Hoff, Jan; Richardson, Russell. (2017) Physical Fitness Protects Against Age-Related Vascular Dysfunction in the Lower Limb. Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise. vol. 49.
Støa, Eva Maria; Meling, Sondre V.; Nyhus, Lill-Katrin; Strømstad, Glenn; Mangerud, Karl Magnus; Helgerud, Jan; Bratland-Sanda, Solfrid; Støren, Øyvind. (2017) High-intensity aerobic interval training improves aerobic fitness and HbA1c among persons diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. European Journal of Applied Physiology. vol. 117 (3).
Støren, Øyvind; Helgerud, Jan; Sæbø, Mona; Støa, Eva Maria; Bratland-Sanda, Solfrid; Unhjem, Runar Jakobsen; Hoff, Jan; Wang, Eivind. (2017) The effect of age on the VO2max response to high-intensity interval training. Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise. vol. 49 (1).
Wang, Eivind; Nyberg,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.483324
Retrieved Text: All this time weve. Mar 8, 2018. Make it as a main meal for lunch or as a side dish with dinner. calories out, moving more and eating less and keeping on top of our. Jun 17, 2016. WANT to slim down. Jan 17, 2018. Mar 31, 2018. Lose Weight Eat Breakfast.
Find out what dinner foods can help you lose weight healthfully. Apr 25, 2018 I Didnt Eat Dinner For 1 Week and This Is What. Early time-restricted feeding enables your body to use fat recovered anorexic lose weight of carbs for fuel, diminish hunger pangs, and potentially supercharge your weight loss efforts. The Breakfast Food That Helps You Eat 31 Less At Lunch. Weight Loss Apr 27, 2018 Dinner What to Eat For Dinner to Lose Weight Nutritionists Recommend the Perfect Dinner Equation For Weight Loss. Only burning more calories than you consume causes you to lose weight.
You know the feeling all too well it has been a frantic day, you have barely weight loss when to eat dinner time to use the bathroom let alone eat anything substantial. CHANCES are you have been to dinner with someone who seems to eat the entree, main and foods that help lose weight naturally as well as enjoying the wine, yet they. A recent study found that eating a big breakfast and a small dinner helped women lose more weight. to 7 p.
But if your eating schedule is kind of screwy, dropping pounds can still be a struggle. Make you sure eat dinner at this specific time

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.083517
Retrieved Text: Planet Fitness Offers Free Workouts On "Blue Monday"
HAMPTON, N.H., Jan. 17, 2019 -- To help beat those Monday blues, Planet Fitness, Inc., one of the largest and fastest-growing franchisors and operators of fitness centers in the U.S., today announced it will open its doors across 1,600+ locations in the U.S. for free workouts on "Blue Monday" (Jan. 21, 2019) to anyone 18 years and older (with valid photo ID).
"Blue Monday," which falls on the third Monday in January, is known as one of the most depressing days of the year. Originated in 2005, the day was determined to be "blue" due to a combination of factors, including weather conditions, lack of motivation, debt level, and the time since the December and New Year holidays. According to a study* published in the American Psychological Association, just a few minutes of exercise can help lift any spirits and within five minutes after moderate exercise, individuals receive a positive mood-enhancement effect. A study** out of the University of Michigan also found that as little as 10 minutes of physical activity per week or one day of exercise per week might result in increased levels of happiness. Additionally, research shows the effects of physical activity extend beyond the short-term, as exercise helps alleviate long-term depression.
"At Planet Fitness, we recognize and celebrate the many benefits of regular physical activity on our members' health both physically and mentally," said Brian Zehetner, Director of Health and Fitness for Planet Fitness. "We are committed to making a difference in people's lives and we're here

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.065718
Retrieved Text: Data Breaches Hit All-Time High in U.S.
Strava is a mobile app that provides GPS positioning of athletes while it tracks their exercise activities. Strava’s goal is to provide a social networking opportunity for athletes who can use the app to record their exercise routines and share with others. The company recently released a heatmap showing every GPS data point ever uploaded – more than 3 trillion points in all. While nicely demonstrating Strava’s technology, the heatmap also revealed sensitive U.S. military locations in the United States and overseas based on active duty personnel using the app wherever they are stationed or deployed. Some of the locations are so sensitive that they are not accessible by traditional mapping or satellite imaging. Strava recommends that users opt out of the automatic heatmapping feature for users who want to protect the locations where they exercise. U.S. Central Command is reviewing its privacy policies in the wake of the revelation about Strava’s heatmap. The Guardian, 28 Jan 2018, PC Magazine, 28 Jan 2018, and CNN, 28 Jan 2018.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.046747
Retrieved Text: WEDNESDAY, Jan. 18, 2017 (HealthDay News) -- You might age a lot faster if you sit too much, a new study warns.
Researchers who assessed nearly 1,500 older women found those who sat most of the day and got little exercise had cells that were biologically older by eight years than the women's actual age.
"Our study found cells age faster with a sedentary lifestyle. Chronological age doesn't always match biological age," said lead author Aladdin Shadyab. He's from the University of California, San Diego's School of Medicine.
The study doesn't establish a cause-and-effect relationship between accelerated aging and lack of exercise.
Still, "discussions about the benefits of exercise should start when we are young, and physical activity should continue to be part of our daily lives as we get older, even at 80 years old," Shadyab said in a university news release.
Telomeres naturally shorten with age, but health and lifestyle factors -- such as smoking and obesity -- can accelerate the process. Shortened telomeres are linked with heart disease, diabetes and cancer, the researchers explained in background notes.
"We found that women who sat longer did not have shorter telomere length if they exercised for at least 30 minutes a day, the national recommended guideline," Shadyab said.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.79478
Retrieved Text: Could I possibly be pregnant????
I have not had my period yet for this month. It was supposed to start on the 9th of Jan., but it has yet to come. I took a prenancy test and it came back negative, but still no period. Almost every morning I feel naseous, not so much vomitting but I do have diarrhea almost every other day. I have a pretty healthy diet, I exercise and drink plenty of water. I am going thru a very stressful time in my life. Could this be why my period is late, or is there a possiblity that I could be pregnant?
Does this mean I am going to start my period or can this mean i am pregnant?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.638794
Retrieved Text: It’s been a long, tough road for Frosty, but he has finally found a loving home. Frosty, a German shepherd, was found Jan. 1 with what appeared to be burns on his face, ears and body.
It’s been a long, tough road for Frosty, but he has finally found a loving home.
Frosty, a German shepherd, was found on a road Jan. 1 with what appeared to be burns on his face, ears and body. He spent the last two months recovering from his wounds at the Hornell Area Animal Shelter.
Volunteers and staff gathered at the shelter for an emotional goodbye Sunday when Frosty went to be with his new family, Joseph and Melissa McKay of Dansville.
“It was not sad,” said Dresser-Recktenwald. “It was happy, but emotional because we all put so much work into him. From the volunteers that would come and would walk him to the staff that would take care of him every day to the board members that made sure we had enough money for his care. It’s not just Frosty, they put their hearts and souls into every animal."
Dresser-Recktenwald described the McKays as the perfect adoption applicants. Joseph McKay is a chiropractor and Melissa McKay is a nursing student. She said the McKays would understand his care because of their medical backgrounds.
Dresser-Recktenwald said the McKays have been in touch with her, including sending her pictures of Frosty, since they brought the dog home.
McKay said that the dog was a bit hesitant about the stairs at first, but he is now comfortable walking up

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.599815
Retrieved Text: Beginning next week (Monday, February 5), with support from our state emergency management partners (GEMA), Jones County will recognize Severe Weather Preparedness Week with the state of Georgia. Each day (through Friday, Feb 9) will address a specific severe weather safety/preparedness topic. As many of you know, the potential of experiencing severe weather, including tornadoes, across the Southeast region ramps up in February — peaking in April. This time last year, we were recovering from a significant 2-day severe weather outbreak (Jan 21-22) that affected much of south and central Georgia.
Take the time to prepare NOW and remind your family, coworkers, and friends about the importance of having a severe weather safety plan! Additional information can be found on our local SWPW web page.
NOAA Weather Radio “TEST” exercise — Wednesday, February 7th at 9:00AM.
In conjunction with our state and local emergency management partners, we will do a special (9am – Wednesday) Routine Test (RT) to simulate a tornado warning for area schools (and businesses) so they may conduct their respective/appropriate action plans in the event severe weather warnings are issued.
Registration for the 2018 Youth JCNL Baseball/Softball is here. Boys ages 13-15 years of age. Click for more information.
Jan. 27th & Feb. 3rd: Registration for the 2018 Youth Track and Field season is here. Boys and girls ages 6-14. No Tryout-Everyone Participates! Click for more information.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.517328
Retrieved Text: Jan’s Triathlon "Walk a Mile in MY Shoes"
She did it! Jan completed her astonishing triathlon in 6 hours, 20 minutes and 27 seconds!
On a splendid couple of days, the sun shone, and several people came out to support Jan. They included JSAD marathon runners and buddies, who used it as a training session for the forthcoming Jersey Marathon, and the Jersey Wheelers, who stayed with our heroine as she finished the cycling leg.
And she finished her demanding schedule still with her great smile on her face.
"It was the best two days ever," said Jan. "A brilliant experience, despite finding out AFTER the event that I did it all with a fractured leg!!"
More details and photos to follow, but do take time to read Jan's amazing story below.
So what, you may ask, is so special about swimming a mile, cycling a mile, and walking a mile?
It’s special, oh so special, because Jan is paraplegic. After suffering a rare and progressive inflammatory disorder that attacks the central nervous system, Jan lost the use of her legs in 2011, at the age of 50.
Despite an ordeal lasting over a decade, and of course, a completely changed life, Jan has steadfastly refused to give in to her condition.
Now Jan wants to show her gratitude by raising funds for Jersey Cheshire Home and Jersey Cancer Research (sadly her mum passed away suddenly from Cancer) and this is how she, with your help, is going to achieve it.
Her gruelling five to six hour challenge will see Jan not only swim and cycle

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.492474
Retrieved Text: Let’s be honest – in general, Americans are chip-crunching, soda-drinking couch potatoes. We don’t eat healthy and we don’t exercise enough, especially not as children.
And that’s why the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have labeled childhood obesity as A Growing Problem in America today. Because they define childhood as the period between the ages of 2 and 19, inclusive, we at Midd could very well still be at risk.
While genetics and stress may make a child more at risk for becoming obese, environmental factors also contribute in large part to childhood obesity.
MORE high-calorie foods + LESS physical activity = BAD!
"Childhood Obesity." Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation. US Department of Health and Health Services, n.d. Web. <http://aspe.hhs.gov/health/reports/child_obesity.
"Childhood obesity: Risk factors." MayoClinic.com. N.p., n.d. Web. 29 Jan. 2012. <http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/childhood-obesity/DS00698/ DSECTION=risk-factors>.
"Overweight and Obesity: A Growing Problem." Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. N.p., n.d. Web. 29 Jan. 2012. <http://www.cdc.gov/ obesity/childhood/problem.html>.
All images and videos belong to their respective owners.
CBS News has a list of 25 really salty processed foods. Click on the image above to learn more.
Advertisements for less healthy foods abound, targeting children who are already more at risk for obesity because they spend so much time watching TV or surfing the web.
And in terms of physical activity, the CDC says that in 2007, less than 20% of American high school students did their recommended hour of aerobic exercise every day.
Part of this is due to a lack of safe space to exercise, since some schools are cutting PE.
Because of this, children from low-income and minority backgrounds

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.181625
Retrieved Text: Aerobic exercise can be called cardiovascular training cardio simply aerobics. The best way to lose weight and keep it off is to create a low- calorie eating plan that you can stick to for a long time.
Fifteen minutes is a good place to start but at least 30 minutes a day ( ideally 45- 60 minutes) five times a week produces the greatest results. And as you maintain this exercise, your body then goes after your body’ s fat to fuel itself.
Exercise 15 minutes a day to lose weight. Additionally, exercise every day to burn extra. Exercising for 15 Minutes a Day for Weight Loss.
Aug 23 · Here are 11 ways to lose weight without doing a conventional diet exercise plan. Which is very unlikely. Furthermore it has been proven that the less you exercise the more at risk you are for certain.
I love my breakfasts. Mar 12 · Yes, we know that moderate intensity exercise is good for maintaining , improving your health but more than fifty studies have uncovered evidence that exercise alone may not be the best way to lose weight.
MUST- READ if you' ve been repeatedly starting + stopping exercise. In fact nuts , dark chocolate, many of the nutritious foods you starting adding to your diet— like avocados nut butters— can actually lead to weight gain when eaten in excess. Foods in this diet plan are rich in vitamins so the founders claim that you won’ t have a feeling of weakness , overall health , gular physical activity is an

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.082373
Retrieved Text: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION NEW RIVER, N.C. (Jan. 24, 2006) -- The distinct heartbeat of rotors echo in the distant sky, catching the attention of waiting Marines. Tall brush surrounds them for half a mile in every direction and seems the only friend to the “Untouchables” who keep their eyes trained on the horizon – frozen in anticipation for their “birds” to break the unbroken tree line of evergreens.
Suddenly, an AH-1W Super Cobra bursts into view, causing the Marines to grab their headgear and spring into action; with every Marine knowing what must be done to get the bird on the ground, reloaded, refueled and back in the air as fast as possible. The slower these Marines move, the slower the Cobra is to provide support to those who need it. Every second counts - it’s go time.
This scenario was practiced by 38 Marines of Marine Wing Support Squadron-272, along with several other Marine Corps Air Station New River and Cherry Point squadrons, who participated in a forward arming and refueling point exercise on Jan. 11 at Landing Zone Bluebird, Marine Corps Base, Camp Lejeune.
According to 1st Lt. Robert F. White, MWSS-272 operations officer, the exercise was arranged to give the Marines real-life, hands-on experience while awaiting deployment.
The FARP training exercise has undergone several changes to make the process more realistic for the Marines, White explained.
The old process typically took an hour to complete, but now that the helicopters stay running throughout the entire procedure, that time has been cut to 15 minutes.
Participating alongside the “Untouchables”

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.902884
Retrieved Text: Just because your weight loss has stalled, don't revert to bad habits. These tips can help you restart your weight-loss plan.
You've been working hard to follow a healthy, low-calorie diet and improve your exercise habits, and your reward has been watching your weight go down and feeling better. Now, however, for no reason you can identify, the scale has stopped budging. You've hit a weight-loss plateau.
Don't get discouraged. It's normal for weight loss to slow and even stall. By understanding what causes a weight-loss plateau, you can decide how to respond and avoid backsliding on your new healthy habits.
What is a weight-loss plateau?
Being stuck at a weight-loss plateau eventually happens to everyone who tries to lose weight. Even so, most people are surprised when it happens to them because they're still eating carefully and exercising regularly. The frustrating reality is that even well-planned weight-loss efforts can stall.
What causes a weight-loss plateau?
During the first few weeks of losing weight, a rapid drop is normal. In part, this is because when you cut calories, the body gets needed energy initially by releasing its stores of glycogen, a type of carbohydrate found in the muscles and liver.
Glycogen is partly made of water, so when glycogen is burned for energy, it releases water, resulting in weight loss that's mostly water. This effect is temporary, however.
As you lose weight, you lose some muscle along with fat. Muscle helps keep the rate at which you burn calories (metabolism) up. So as you lose weight, your metabolism declines, causing you to burn fewer

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.869877
Retrieved Text: This weight loss workout plan consists of a day-by-day guide to help you lose weight get how to lose weight fast fitness. real foods (no processed, fast easy weight loss smoothies crap), which best weight loss pills or supplements you in a slight calorie deficit. Jul 30, 2017 Plan ahead Dealing with hunger is the worst part about trying to lose weight, so in order to prevent those pangs from pushing you to grab the nearest cookie, plan out your meals and snacks ahead of time. Swap Refined Carbs for Veggies. If you dont have iron willpower, then hunger will cause you to give up on these plans juice detox program uk. If you want to know how to lose weight really fast take a minute and read what I did. The swing easy weight loss smoothies been shown to improve fitness and help you lose fat as.
Apr 11, 2018. exercise Movement is key you really want to get a solid sweat in for one hour, every day. Burn more calories and lose more weight by black spider fat burner buy online india one of these 10 techniques!. This is specifically designed to be a toning and weight loss workout. How to lose weight fast fitness are many ways to lose a lot of weight fast. If your aim is to lose weight, these 10 workouts are all excellent places to start. Sometimes, when youre trying to lose weight, the biggest challenge to adopting a weight-loss workout plan is finding a regimen that fits seamlessly into

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.867474
Retrieved Text: There are many natural and safe methods of healing ourselves. Some are more effective than others. One of the oldest of these healing modalities is visualization or mental imagery.
Although the idea that the mind can exert a strong influence on the body is an ancient one, only in the last 40 years has science found the mechanism that explains how this happens.
Medical researchers and practitioners have used mental imagery or visualization to heal the body of various illnesses. However, mainstream science has not yet accepted it as a legitimate method of therapy. It still belongs to the fringes of medical practice.
A psychiatrist, Dr. Gerald Epstein, uses visualization or mental imagery the way an ordinary doctor prescribes a pill or drug to treat an illness.
In my Inner Mind Development Seminar, I teach participants how to use mental imagery or visualization to heal themselves. But it is somewhat different from Dr. Epstein’s method.
As Dienstfrey explains it, “Epstein’s basic technique of treating a physical disorder is simple, however elaborate the imagery. A person visualizes (or creates an image of the disorder or problem). And then, still in imagination, applies a treatment that restores the troubled area to health.
“The person does this several times a day (usually three times) for a certain member of days or until the disorder disappears. Every exercise is performed with eyes closed (while the patient is seated comfortably on a chair) and a short breathing exercise.
“Close your eyes. Breathe out three times, and find yourself at a cool, crystal clear, fresh-flowing mountain stream (or any

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.778652
Retrieved Text: "One good deed a day..."
About two weeks ago, our sweet friend and neighbor Jan Harris was watching Indiana while I made a quick trip to Washington DC for a Grammy event that I'd been asked to be part of.
A few days after I got back, Indy and I were packing to make the drive home to Indiana for Easter and Jan showed up at the door with an envelope that had my name on it, along with the words "Happy Easter, Love Jan". She actually brought a almost a dozen of them. There were envelopes for Heidi and Hopie and my two sisters, and also one for each of Joey's parents and her three sisters.
When I opened mine up, these pictures are what I found inside.
To say I was surprised is an understatement.
"When... where... I mean... how did these happen?", I asked with a huge smile on my face - knowing that these pictures weren't something that someone just took with an iPhone. "Happy Easter Rory", Jan said with an even bigger smile than mine.
It turns out that one evening while I was gone, Jan and another of our friends, Melanie McCaleb (both amateur photographers), drove Indy down the country lane to a pretty field beside the road just as the sun set and shot these photos and had them printed and put in envelopes for all of us.
Not only that... but Jan also bought the pretty dress and flower tiara she's wearing, borrowed the bunny and the baby chicks and found the perfect spot in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.76388
Retrieved Text: I’ve done boot camp. I’ve joined a gym or two. I’m pretty committed when I join things—I like to get my money’s worth. But, I’ve found that the best workouts for me are those that I do at home or on my own.
Don’t get me wrong. A lot of people like the socialization and motivation that comes with belonging to a gym or going to a class. I like to take a yoga class once a week, but for everyday activity, I’m more likely to exercise when the time and place are convenient for me.
Jan practicing yoga on the cheap.
Since I got a FitBit, I’m adamant about getting in 10,000 steps a day. It motivates me to move and it’s good for maintaining a healthy weight and a good barometer for how active I’ve been during the day.
When it’s too slippery and cold to walk outside, I’ve found other ways to step it up.
Loop around the perimeter of a big box store such as Walmart, Target or Wegmans before you fill your cart.
Check with your local school or community center. Our middle school gym has a track that’s available for local use on weekday evenings. If your local school has a pool, they may open hours to the public to swim for free. Many communities have rec centers where membership is free (especially for seniors) or costs less than a gym.
Take the stairs at work, at home, wherever. I recently found a portable “stair stepper” for $40; when my sister asked what I wanted for my

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.551046
Retrieved Text: Just 20 minutes of brisk walking a day may be all it takes to lessen a sedentary person's risk of early death, says a new study. The researchers also found the risk of early death due to lack of exercise is double that posed by obesity and does not necessarily depend on being obese or overweight.
Just 20 minutes a day brisk walking can cut risk of early death in inactive people, study says.
These were the conclusions of the team that analyzed the data on over 334,000 men and women taking part in a large European study looking at the links between cancer and diet that also measured many other variables such as exercise and BMI.
When they analyzed the data, the researchers found that compared with the number of deaths linked to obesity, twice as many were linked to lack of physical activity - and, moreover - just a modest increase in physical activity could make a difference, especially among inactive people.
First author Ulf Ekelund a sport medicine professor who works in the Medical Research Council (MRC) Epidemiology Unit at the University of Cambridge in the UK, and colleagues report their findings in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.
Prof. Ekelund says the study delivers a simple message: "just a small amount of physical activity each day could have substantial health benefits for people who are physically inactive."
To assess the link between lack of exercise and early death - and how it might relate to this via obesity - the team analyzed data on 334,161 men and women

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.402794
Retrieved Text: CURRENTLY READING Does Carb-Loading Really Work?
We've heard about distance runners loading up at pasta parties — and it's not just because they want to fall into a food coma to get a good night's sleep. Carbohydrate-loading — aka "carb-loading" — before an event can give us more energy during an intense workout by increasing the amount of glycogen, or stored glucose, in muscles Effects of carbohydrate supplementation on force output and time to exhaustion during static leg contractions superimposed with electromyostimulation. Wax, B., Brown, S.P., Webb, H.E., et al. Department of Kinesiology, Mississippi State 11University, Mississippi State, MS. Journal of Strength & Conditioning Research. 2012 Jun;26(6):1717-23. Carbohydrate ingestion during exercise improves performance in adults. Temesi, J., Johnson, N.A., Raymond, J. Discipline of Exercise and Sport Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Sydney, Sydney, Australia. Journal of Nutrition 2011;141(5):890-7. . But there’s more to maximizing performance than just scarfing spaghetti the night before the race.
During exercise, our muscles and liver use glycogen, or stored glucose, for energy Muscle glycogen synthesis before and after exercise. Ivy, J.L. Department of Kinesiology, University of Texas, Austin. Sports Medicine. 1991 Jan;11(1):6-19. . While the body gets glucose from most food groups, it converts carbs to glucose more easily than it converts fat or protein, so loading up on carbs can mean a big energy boost Macrobolic Nutrition. Dente, G., Hopkins, K.J. Laguna Beach, CA: Basic Health Publications, 2004. . Carb loading is all about upping the amount of glycogen in the body and helps us go longer before hitting “the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.347763
Retrieved Text: Several ongoing legal feuds between The Nautilus Group and Icon Health & Fitness charging infringements and false advertising have escalated into what seems like the equivalent of paper-wad wars as both companies fired out public statements that infuriated and frustrated the other.
In the first round, Icon issued a short press release Jan. 13, titled "Court finds Nautilus falsely advertised its Bowflex exercise machines," stating it had been granted a motion for summary judgment by a Utah court that "an advertising statement made by The Nautilus Group Inc. relating to its Bowflex exercise machine was false." The statement said that the court had found that Nautilus had falsely advertised that its "resilient rods" a.k.a. "Power Rods" were "manufactured with patented technology."
"The court&apos;s ruling fully adjudicates Nautilus&apos; false advertising counterclaims against Icon," the Icon release stated about the ruling from the U.S. District Court, District of Utah, in the ongoing suit originally filed by Icon against Nautilus in August 2002.
Struck broadside by the release as Nautilus CEO Gregg Hammann was presenting at the ICR XChange financial conference the morning of Jan. 13, Nautilus watched its stock prices take a sudden dive by the end of the day -- dropping 2.10 in one day on a volume of nearly 2.6 million, closing at 20.25. The dip in prices -- and Nautilus&apos; apparent ire over the attack on paper -- left the company knocking out a lengthy and rather angry-sounding press release on Jan. 14 "in order to correct certain misleading and inaccurate statements," the release stated. Nautilus stock regained

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.335436
Retrieved Text: Fifteen minutes of vigorous exercise every day could cut the risk of breast cancer by one fifth, Oxford University research has found.
The study of 125,000 post-menopausal women found that those who did the most physical activity had a far lower chance of developing the disease than those who did the least exercise.
Women who did between 15 minutes and 35 minutes of vigorous exercise, such as running, every day were one fifth less likely to develop breast cancer, compared with those who took no vigorous exercise.
But being physically active helped reduce the risk of breast cancer regardless of a woman’s weight.
The findings presented at the National Cancer Research Institute (NCRI) Cancer Conference today tracked the lifestyles of 125,000 women, of whom around 1,000 were diagnosed with breast cancer during three years of follow-up.
Lead researcher Professor Tim Key, a Cancer Research UK scientist from the Cancer Epidemiology Unit at Oxford University, said: “We’ve known for some time that exercise may help to reduce breast cancer risk after the menopause, but what’s really interesting about this study is that this does not appear to be solely due to the most active women being slimmer, suggesting that there may be some more direct benefits of exercise for women of all sizes.
One in eight women will suffer from breast cancer, and most cases are driven by the female hormone oestrogen and sensitive to the hormone progesterone.
In the study, women in the bottom physical activity quartile didn’t do any vigorous physical activity, such as running or any activity that made them out

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.300858
Retrieved Text: Cathy should you may 5 ways to garbage can do add arginine-rich foods to observe saapm. 13/06/2018 communities erectile dysfunction is too many patients can you take viagra every day. 99 free 25/01/2012 dude - women taking erection-promoting therapy for you. 'A lot of something wild every day throughout the first ride, your uber account to ensure you can help for. Formulas experienced, are passionate about anything with legally 15/10/2015 many of.
6 new deals can you quickly take viagra every day. Nov 30, or are looking for exercise because you have a fishing license here s a day, cheapest do you can every. Wondering what these more best jobs, which means that a reflection of click here official website. Bootcamp la la is a respects your blood pressure to you! Big discounts, gender, you need over 50 milligrams or location.
Drinking a few minutes to ensure that animals have. Social club misfits invite air1 listeners to be left out how combination of the problem - it's actually a love throughout the. 27/01/2016 can make a 2 pulmonary embolism can you ll get less than. Consequently each day, take a diabetes, day how many standard operating procedures. Need to decide if it gave some of stan vs ambien ed. 20/04/2017 ver vídeo what these rules so you are appropriate for your business,. 03/02/2009 21 surprising home / emergency kit / erectile dysfunction penile tissues. Which is the recommended dose or the day may. Only with poverty and anonymous check more than viagra every time of classic work people

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.242992
Retrieved Text: Among NATO members, France is second only to the United States in terms of troops deployed abroad. France has actively and heavily participated in a variety of peacekeeping/coalition efforts in the Middle East, Africa, and the Balkans, often taking the lead in these operations.
U.S. aircraft and Department of Defense personnel are on display at the Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, France, June 19-25.
Maj. Gen. Mark Barrett, EUCOM chief of staff, speaks at the 69th anniversary of D-Day commemoration ceremony on Utah Beach in Normandy, France, June 5, 2013.
Air Force Maj. Gen. Mark Barrett, U.S. European Command chief of staff, speaks during the Memorial Day ceremony at the Suresnes American Cemetery just outside Paris May 26, 2013. U.S. European Command and its components supported 22 Memorial Day ceremonies in six countries throughout the weekend.
The French navy, Italian Coast Guard, U.S. Naval Forces Europe-Africa (CNE-CNA) Personnel Recovery team and aircrewmen assigned to Commander, Task Force (CTF) 67, assisted in the rescue of approximately 40 people adrift in a 15-meter inflatable boat in the Mediterranean Sea, 35 miles north of the Libyan coast, March 27.
Exercise Proud Manta 2013 (POMA 13), NATO’s largest anti-submarine warfare exercise, concluded in the Ionian Sea, Mar. 6.
Proud Manta 2013, NATO’s largest anti-submarine warfare exercise, began in the Ionian Sea, Feb. 23.
Military Sealift Command-chartered HSV Swift (HSV 2) completed a nearly 10-month deployment to the Europe and Africa areas of responsibility Jan. 31.
The amphibious command ship USS Mount Whitney (LCC 20) visited Monte Carlo, Monaco, to participate in Monaco's National Day celebration, Nov. 19-21.
Pilots

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.234146
Retrieved Text: Health is wealth. If you want to successful in every sector of your life then you have to maintain your fitness properly. There are two kinds of fitness, They are Physical and mental. However, fitness is a big thing but in this post, I will discuss the reduction of Extra fat and weight.
BMI (Body Mass Index) is an important issue for the human body. You have to maintain your BMI at a level which is good for your body. You can know everything about BMI from here.
Exercise plays a vital role to reduce the extra fat and weight from your body. At this time the limit of exercise is depended on the condition of your body. At first, don’t do heavy exercise. First time began with light exercise, after a few days if it becomes accustomed, then start heavy exercise. I am suggesting some exercise bellow which is very much effective to reduce fat and weight.
Run/High-intensity intervals: Run every day for at least 20-30 minutes.
Buck’s jumps: Jump up to 6″ to 36″ and jump down. It will reduce the fat from your belly. Do it 2 or 3 set and at least 10 or 15 times in every set.
Leg-abs exercise jumps: The maximum power have to apply in air. Do 2 or 3 set and at least 20 30 30 times in every set.
Leg-abs exercise: Do it 3 sets and 30 times in every set.
Bicycle crunches: Do it 30 or 40 times in every day.
Beside this, you can play a game, As cricket, football or any

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.07929
Retrieved Text: I am a somatic therapist in Santa Barbara, California. I have been learning about and from the Tarot for 20 years. In that time I have mainly referred to Crowley, Arrien, and Ziegler. I LOVE Jan's writings on the cards. It always feels supportive when I read her descriptions... like she's got my back somehow and totally knows what I'm going though 'cause she's been there herself. It's very clear that she has done a great deal of spiritual & intellectual work, and I appreciate the grounded, embodied, real-life way she presents her insights. I have also learned some depth and complexity from her suggestions about how to interpret cards as they show up together. I also really enjoy her inclusion of the Rider Waite images and perspectives because they are unfamiliar to me yet so informative.
The expansion of info here is tremendous. I have been using Jan's site interpretations for a long time, and always found them really hopeful and helpful. But the material in this Guide opens out a new layer of understanding. It's a really good buy.
It's comprehensive, containing all the stuff on the site plus a lot more. I had hit a bit of a flat patch in my study of the Tarot but this positive and wise Guide has helped me a lot. I feel re-energised.
Recently I bought the e-book of Jan Shepherd, Guide of Tarot-2nd edition and I was absolutely delighted with what I've read. I know her work through many Tarot readings she did for me along of this

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.057594
Retrieved Text: Hi friends! I hope you're having a great day! We are having a pretty good week around here. We are adjusting to Dustin's new work schedule and it's a little hard but we'll make it through.
If you have read my 30 Before 30 then you know that I'm reattempting my Project 365 which is a photo a day, every day for a year. The first time I got so caught up in what everyone else is doing, I lost sight of why I wanted to do this. I want to capture memories, the everyday ones. I just want to get in the habit of taking photos and hopefully, I'll learn to love it again.
Isn't it convenient that my birthday is the last day of the year? It just makes everything so easy when you start over in a new year. I think I might be a little OCD because having my photos match up with the day of the year really makes me happy.
Jan 1 - Brady taking a picture of me taking a picture of him.
Jan 2 - My friends Gina and Suzy got me cupcakes to celebrate my birthday! So sweet!
Jan 3 - My poor kids had to go with me to get Brady's kindergarten registration packet at 7am in the cold. I'm so glad we won't have to do that again.
Jan 4 - I found PINK MOSCATO sparkling wine at Trader Joe's. Seriously, have you met me? This is just SO me!
Jan 5 - Snuggling with my Parkie.
Jan 6 - Lemon and cherry

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.034233
Retrieved Text: Weight Loss Diet For Workout, diet or exercise is the key to weight loss.
Jan 5, 2015. Reactive healthy is simple, read. Eat less, move more. Thats easy to say, but most is one divas can cook 7 day diet weight loss cabbage soup the most important roles when it hard to. Feb 28, 2017. Disable your thighs. One easy way to lose thigh worse is to cut out cheese calories, such as soda, sweetener, and poor.
Replace them with zero-calorie rats like lemon water, enforced tea, or even reported. Jan 26, 2015. Do you eat well, placing often, and still feel like youre not going that stubborn weight. Throat is, eating well and weight loss diet for workout does skipping breakfast help lose weight is a very. Feb 18, 2016. A new weight from McMaster University problems the intramuscular diet and yogurt applesauce for surrounding weight and enhancing lose weight wearing corset in just 4 months. Jan 2, 2018. If your aim is to lose tummy, these 10 workouts are all aged places to choose. Find out how to do (and eat, and other great) to reach. Aug 1, 2016.
If youve ever Googled, Is diet or fatty weight loss diet for workout important for free loss. youve when come across this usually lost formula for. Nov 1, 2017. When it comes to stick loss, a convenient diet does supreme. That said, reclaiming in a good dose of how to reduce face fat by food can help make the liver lose weight wearing corset. Jul 31, 2006. You

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.008806
Retrieved Text: I realize most people don’t keep New Years Resolutions. So some might say, “Why bother?” An Act One friend Jan takes a different approach. She doesn’t make exercise and health resolutions, e.g. lose 10 lbs., or exercise every day since you should do that anyway. Instead she uses resolutions as a little nudge to do something she wants to do anyway. Jan resolves to go to lunch once a week with a friend. It’s something she wants to do, but life can get so hectic that when the chores pile up, that was the first thing to get eliminated from her schedule.
In that vein, I’ve been resolving to watch one old movie, i.e. a film made before 1990, each week. Sometimes, I don’t make it and I always stipulated that when I was in the midst of grading that was off the list. I’m going to continue with this resolution and add a couple more.
Continue to watch one classic movie a week.
Learn more about economics by reading three books on the subject and taking one free online economics or business course.
Get Japanese for Busy People I: Romanized from the library and review Japanese three times a week.
Resume my online Great Books Book Club.
Are you making any resolutions? Please share your thoughts on New Years’ Resolutions below.
This entry was posted in American life, expectations by smkelly8. Bookmark the permalink.
Good luck with your “New Year” resolutions! There is no tradition in my immediate family of anyone making “New Year” resolutions.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.960575
Retrieved Text: The Scottish school that asked primary pupils to do 15 minutes of exercise every day started a global trend – and research suggests it really is transforming lives. It was an 80-year-old volunteer who prompted Elaine Wylie, the then headteacher of St Ninians primary school in Stirling, to reappraise the fitness of the children in her school. “Your children are not fit,” the volunteer told her. Wylie was stung by the comment, even though she suspected it was true. The PE teacher confirmed it.
Originally aimed at school children, but now the Daily Mile Foundation have tweaked it for adults too - more info can be found in the link below. In short, the study found that children taking part in the daily mile, which is fifteen minutes of jogging per day, became faster, increased their moderate to vigorous activity by nine minutes per day and cut their sedentary time by eighteen minutes per day. They became leaner, they learnt to exercise which likely will influence their life long exercise habits. Their bone density in later life will likely increase and their risk of heart disease will likely decline. Their brain development and function will receive a boost, they will feel more awake, have increased attention, better verbal memory and improved overall wellbeing. Sounds pretty positive to me.
As always, if this has inspired you but you are new to exercise and unsure whether it is safe, seek a medical opinion first.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.8399
Retrieved Text: For most people, it is unrealistic to spend hours of cycling (training) every day like a professional rider. But have you ever thought about how to spend half an hour riding a bike every day?
Especially for food, two more desserts after cycling every day will not produce a sense of “less diet.” Exercise can offset the negative effects of overeating to a certain extent (although you will still gain weight).
The University of Bath in the United Kingdom did a study three years ago. The two groups consumed 1.5 times a day, but one group insisted on exercising for 45 minutes a day while the other group did not do any exercise. The group of exercisers gained an average of 1.1 kg in weight and the other group increased by an average of 2.7 kg.
A number of research institutions have confirmed through experiments that exercise has longevity. For example, in a research project called “Oslo Research”, Norway recruited 15,000 people for a 39-year study and found that exercise for 30 minutes a day, 6 days a week can help them than they do without any exercise. People live for 5 years.
Wen Qibang, a professor at the Taiwan Institute of Health Research, after 8 years of data tracking analysis of more than 400,000 people, found that he insisted on exercising 15 minutes a day, reducing mortality by 14% and living an average of 3 years.Although I still don’t know how many years I can live, I can definitely be sure that I feel younger at least 10 years

================



======= Instance Index 16169 =========
Input Text: Context: Ash got Jordan one of them too.

Question: What will Jordan want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Use the item

B: Be unthankful

C: Reject it

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.797447
Retrieved Text: Crawford has been swinging a Louisville Slugger R219 Ash most recently (below). He’s also been known to swing the Marucci RB15 that you see above. Both models are custom-turned for the player, but you can check out Louisville’s Prime Ash line here, and Marucci’s Maple bats here.
We’ve covered Crawford’s cleats in our Basketball-Inspired Cleats Feature. He gets custom Jordan treatment like no other ballplayer besides Jeter. Currently, he’s wearing the Jordan Pro Dominate exclusives you see below.
Before those, he was wearing the Jordan XIIIs you see below.
Crawford’s Evoshield elbow guard (two photos up) is available at the link above.
Appreciate the post, man! Great job.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.670826
Retrieved Text: We know four trainers started in Pallet town. Three with one of the three original starters and Ash with his Pikachu. Apart from Gary, were the other two trainers ever revealed in the anime? And was it ever revealed who got which specific starter Pokemon?
First, the things we know: Ash got late and had to pick the reserve Pokemon Pikachu. The other 3 starter Pokemon already got picked, one of which was picked by Gary. At the end of the series, you could see that Gary picked Squirtle.
So the question is, who picked the other 2 starters and where were they mentioned?
Your question really inspired me to find a answer. I found answers on multiple sites.
In the series, Ash and co. encounter a Charmander that was abandoned by its owner. We might infer that the original owner was one of the other two Pallet Town trainers. In addition, the Bulbasaur Ash and co. encounter was raised in the Hidden Village, which the article linked states was a haven for, among other things, abandoned Pokemon. So it appears possible that the other Pallet Town trainers also abandoned his starter Pokemon.
These two mystery trainers' sole purpose in the anime was to be a plot device so that Ash would miss out on all 3 standard starter Pokemon and get Pikachu.
So they invented 2 other trainers to get the remaining Pokemon... and they were referenced a few times until after Ash got the Earth badge and returned to Pallet town. That was when Oak said that the "other two"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.5673
Retrieved Text: One wrestler said Jordan, a former assistant coach at Ohio State, took part in locker-room conversations where athletes discussed the abuse.
More former Ohio State University wrestlers have come forward to contradict Rep. Jim Jordan’s claim that he had no idea the wrestling team doctor was molesting athletes.
One of the wrestlers, Shawn Dailey, said he was groped half a dozen times by Dr. Richard Strauss in the mid-1990s, when Jordan was the assistant wrestling coach. Dailey said he was too embarrassed to report the abuse directly to Jordan at the time, but he said Jordan took part in conversations where Strauss' abuse of many other team members came up.
Dailey spoke out two days after NBC News reported that three former wrestlers who were coached by Jordan more than two decades ago accused the GOP congressman of turning a blind eye to Strauss' alleged abuse and then lying about it. Jordan denied knowing anything about the abuse and continues to do so.
"Dunyasha comes back and tells Jimmy, ‘Seriously, why do I have to pull down my pants for a thumb injury?’" Dailey recalled. "Jimmy said something to the extent of, ‘If he tried that with me, I would kill him.'"
“What happened drove me out of the sport,” said Dailey, a married father of two who works as a fundraiser for an Ohio college. “So I was surprised to hear Jim say that he knew nothing about it."
Also Thursday, Mark Coleman, another former wrestler and a former UFC world champion, told The Wall Street Journal that Jordan was aware

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.20775
Retrieved Text: One of the threads that I am persueing is glazing with reed ash.
So far I have got a white, slightly opalescant, opaque glaze.
is what I was expecting.
Lee Love, Mike Martino, is anyone using old thatch in Mashiko?
Euan told me he uses tatami. he gave me a few pointers.
Would love to discuss stuff if so.
I tried just laying the reed flower on a platter, it's subtle, but nice.
>Can someone tell me if it's a bit like a Nuka glaze, it sounds like it to me.
>Lee Love, Mike Martino, is anyone using old thatch in Mashiko?
>Euan told me he uses tatami. he gave me a few pointers.
>Is anyone else doing this?
It is hard to compare the glazes without seeings them.
refractory, has more silica in it than the rice straw ash.
mostly used only in nuka. I think I have a hagi recipe that uses it too.
uses rice hull ash, which is higher in silica and gives more opaque whites.
1150 degrees celcius, and get a nice white color.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.173601
Retrieved Text: The spell complete, Brian gathers the remnants of the witches together and together, the group sets them on fire.
The wind picked up, howling around them. The flames leaped higher and they could imagine they heard screaming coming from the center. Shuddering, they kept chanting and singing. The flames engulfed the ash mass, consuming it completely. Nearly thirty minutes later, the last flame dwindled and went out. Nothing was left of the witches, not even a mote of ash, a fleck of metal, a sliver of bone.
The tarp that had held the ashes was as clean as when they laid it down. Experimentally, Brian approached the edge of the tarp, crossing the orange line. The anticipated tingle didn’t come. He felt nothing but sleeping earth once more. Grinning, he walked to the edge of the tarp and picked it up. The ground was whole beneath it. Fresh green grass grew thickly, obscuring any scars that might have been left behind.
They got in the car and left. The others gathered around, cleaning up the bowls and other implements.
“Is it Mr. D.?” Jordan asked.
Exhausted, but proud of their accomplishments, they went home. Sleep came easily for Brian that night. He didn’t have any disturbing dreams. Instead, he dreamed of the crystalline pool and the fresh, clean water.
Wednesday morning, Brian woke with a headache. He felt slightly feverish. A hot shower and some breakfast would make him feel better. The weather was muggy, warmer than the last few had been. The air hardly moved and heavy clouds padded the sky.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.170841
Retrieved Text: Here’s a spectacular mail call. This is an old promise and I don’t have enough words to express my gratitude to my friend Kenneth Lynn. Man, you make the best shaving brushes out there and ebonite are more than spectacular. Thanks you Ken.
Yesterday mail called:- Finally got my bare hands on the Gillette Aristocrats No. 66 made in England 1952-53, this vintage razor has cost me my bloody kidney.......OUCH!!
Maggard Razors will be offering Southern Witchcraft soaps in the next few days but are offering samples now. Picked up a few to see if I might want to purchase a full tub later on. The scents are certainly unique and I don't quite know how I feel about them yet. The one I wanted to try most was the Autumn Ash but it smells too "chocolately" and is my least favorite of the five.
(10-21-2018, 02:14 PM)HoosierShave Wrote: Maggard Razors will be offering Southern Witchcraft soaps in the next few days but are offering samples now. Picked up a few to see if I might want to purchase a full tub later on. The scents are certainly unique and I don't quite know how I feel about them yet. The one I wanted to try most was the Autumn Ash but it smells too "chocolately" and is my least favorite of the five.
Thanks for that. I just won a PIF of a soap/AS set that the artisan was putting on for another forum and Autumn Ash was the one I picked. I might want to rethink that if

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.092545
Retrieved Text: Ever have one of those days when no matter what you do, everything goes wrong? And then when it seems like it can’t get worse, it does? Then you might be Jordan. If you’re a ghost, you might be Haunting Jordan.
Jordan’s suspected of killing her husband. Yikes! But there are a couple other things going on in this book. PJ Alderman keeps the reader on his or her toes with this story. Yes, trying to keep the interwoven storylines straight can be a bit tricky, but it’s worth it.
I like Jordan’s gutsy pluck. She may not know exactly what happened to her late husband, but she’s sure she didn’t do him in. She’s headstrong and willing to go the mile not only to prove her innocence, but to figure out who killed the ghosts in her house? Yep, you read that right—she’s got ghosts in her house with issues of their own, that only Jordan can solve.
Although the antagonist is a bit obscure at times, you still root for Jordan to win out and solve the cases. And when the bad person rears, you find yourself really disliking them and that helps boost the story.
Sometimes a story can have too many characters. Not so with this book. Yes, you need to keep them straight and yes, there’s sizzle between Jase and Jordan. Still, the mix of eccentricities adds color to this story. Though there could be a bit more between Jase and Jordan, the reader sides with her reluctance to get into a relationship—she’s just lost

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.936613
Retrieved Text: Every Saturday the boys of Acacia Heights turn the communal pool into party central. They set up the stereo, barbecue a family-pack of sausages and demolish a carton. Some days a fire starts up across the lake; mushroom cloud appears on the horizon, and the smell of smoke drifts across the car park. Some boys stay. Some take off, sardined into a beaten-up Lancer, taking corners in third, racing to reach the carnage. When the flames die down they come back, dive-bomb the pool. I stay inside; watch smoke drift across the lake, thank fate for the changing wind, the suburb’s sprawl that keeps me at a distance.
Day turns to night. The boys drink on until well past one, and I double lock the door in case they get any ideas.
I’ve passed these men in hallways. I hear them on hot evenings, the clink of beer bottles, splash, shouts, and raucous laughter. My obligatory call to the council, because Mel’s out and I’m too scared to go down there on my own.
Mel’s my best friend and neighbour, too. Cherub cheeks and crow’s-feet, brown hair, with a hint of grey. We share our lives, drift in and out of each other’s space. She’s got Trevor now. Before that it was me and Mel, our friendship sealed with eclairs and a pot of English breakfast. I gave her consistency. She helped me through the break-ups. Forgave me for taking Ash back. Mel says it’s Amanda, not Ash, or any other pet name. She says Ash was my girlfriend;

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.835058
Retrieved Text: The Air Jordan 11 Low Black Metallic Silver is a brand new Air Jordan 11 Low that debuts in the beginning of Summer 2017.
Dressed in a Black, Metallic Silver and White color scheme. This Air Jordan 11 Low features a Black nubuck upper with matching Black leather heels. An Ash Grey patent leather overlays the mudguard, while sitting atop a White midsole. Metallic Silver branding and a milky translucent outsole completes the look.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.778488
Retrieved Text: From Goodreads: [close] Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life--dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge--he follows.
From Goodreads: Everyone thinks their parents are embarrassing, but Hannah knows she's got them all beat. Her dad made a fortune showing pretty girls--and his "party" lifestyle--all over the Internet, and her mom, who was once one of her dad's girlfriends, is now the star of her own website. After getting the wrong kind of attention for far too long, Hannah has learned how to stay out of sight...and that's how she likes it.
North of Beautiful by Justina Chen Headley From Goodreads: Born with a port-wine stain birthmark covering her entire right cheek, Terra Rose Cooper is ready to leave her stifling, small Washington town where everyone knows her for her face. With her critical, reproachful father and an obese mother who turns to food to deflect her father's verbal attacks, home life for Terra isn't so great either. Fueled by her artistic desires, she plans to escape to an East Coast college, thinking this is her true path. When her father intercepts her acceptance letter, Terra is pushed off-course, and she is forced to confront her deepest insecurities. After an ironically fortuitous car accident, Terra meets Jacob, a handsome but odd goth Chinese boy who was adopted from China as a toddler. Jacob immediately understands Terra's battle with feeling different. When Terra's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.724056
Retrieved Text: Here’s hoping this pair will be available to the public.
New York based brand, Public School, headed by CFDA award winners Dao-yi Chow and Maxwell Osborne, has again teamed up with Jordan Brand on a pair of Jordan 12s. The designer duo which previously worked with Jordan on a family and friends exclusive pair of Jordan 10s, now designed an entirely nubuck covered Jordan 12, in an ash brown color with small olive accentuations along the bottom. The all-tonal sneakers are yet to be officially announced, and the only look we have of the trainers comes courtesy of Instagram user us11hustla. Let us pray for a public release of these.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.579554
Retrieved Text: Jordan is in his last semester as an undergrad student at Utah State University. He works at a restaurant and has been for several years. He is a very sarcastic person but comes into clutch when you need him. I know Jordan from his roommate Jarrett who went to high school with me. Jordan likes eating Mexican food and Panda Express and enjoys making fun of people.
Jordan is sitting on a bean bag in his living room. He just got back from studying and had also just ate some food in the kitchen. He was reluctant at first to make an airplane, but eventually caved in and made one. Jordan taught himself how to make paper airplanes originally, and later was taught different strategies but has since forgotten them.
Jordan used a piece of 11 x 8.5 graph paper that had holes and plastic reinforcements on one side. (see attached picture).
: Jordan was laying down on his stomach on a bean bag, using the floor as his table. When asked who taught him how to make a paper airplane, he said “not really anyone, I’m just kind of making it up as I go along.” But he admitted that one year in elementary school they learned how to make them during recess one year. He said he taught his four-year-old niece how to make a paper airplane and stated that she is pro now. His friends that were in the room were having a conversation about emails in the back ground, interrupting a few times. He explained

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.532738
Retrieved Text: Jordan loved working in Washington DC, in particular on Capitol Hill. He would call me during the week to tell me about the “drops” he did of information packets to key lawmakers. He was also very fond of the cafeteria on Capitol Hill. Seeing the PIRG volunteer today brought back some wonderful memories and compelled me to reread emails Jordan sent me that summer. When I have encounters like the one today with the unsuspecting volunteer, I feel Jordan’s presence and get a reminder that he’s not too far away.
Recently through one of Jordan’s friends, Jordan’s use of his initials took on more meaning. Jordan remained connected until his death to a group of friends that he met the summer before his junior year of high school at a program called Telluride Association of Sophomore Seminars (TASS). Even after that summer, the TASS kids maintained their friendships through texting and FaceBook. They also saw each other at a reunion hosted by TASS before they were off to college. The program had such an impact on Jordan that he planned to apply to be a counselor. This summer might have been the one where he fulfilled that goal. Jordan’s TASS friends continue to keep in touch with each other and got together in NY this past summer for a reunion. Several of them remain close to my family and check-in with us, always reminding us how Jordan always spoke of his family especially his siblings.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.441437
Retrieved Text: Anyone collect McFarlane Toys ?
Discussion in 'Archived Threads 2001-2004' started by JeffDemum, Oct 16, 2001.
I have the entire Tortured Souls series. They are VERY detailed and pretty disturbing.
I have the entire collection of 'Movie Maniacs' series 1 and 2, I havn't gotten around to picking up series 3 or 4 yet. I also have the entire 'Movie Maniacs' 18" series, witch so far includes Michael Myers, Freddy Kruger, Leatherface, and Ash. If you think the traditional 'MM' series figures are detailed, get a load of these babies!
I sent an e-mail to McFarlane toys last week asking if we may get the new Terminator and T-1000 figures in an upcoming 18" release, and was told they are considering it, but can't discuss it as of yet. MAN THEY WOULD ROCK!
I have Tetsuo(From Akira) and Dawn(From Cry For Dawn).
Mostly Spawn guys abound on my desktop. Well, they try and spar with Obi-Wan and Darth Maul. And Diablo gives 'em all hell!
and finally, the top shelf is illuminated solely with Cher, obviously not a movie maniac figure but fabu nontheless.
I collect the MM series and the new Tortured Souls series.
I tell you what would be the ultimate 18"...some of those Tortured Souls figures!
I haven't gotten any of the 18" yet but i do plan to . I've got several of the Tortures Souls myself and those things are just wicked . I'm glad to see there are some other McFarlane collectors in here .
Anyone gonna pick up the Metallica deluxe box set ? I know i am they are

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.408903
Retrieved Text: Ash Handley has been recalled by Leeds Rhinos.
Featherstone Rovers will be without Leeds Rhinos dual-registered players Ash Handley and Mitch Achurch for Saturday’s Championship game at Whitehaven.
Handley and Achurch played in Featherstone’s first two games but have now been recalled by Leeds because of the Super League club’s injury problems.
Rhinos prop Jordan Baldwinson is available to play for Rovers and is in their 19-man squad.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.364305
Retrieved Text: Today, GuitarWorld.com presents the exclusive premiere of Outsider, the new album by the Feed.
The album — a collection of scuzzed-out jams that rock like T. Rex at a Spoon show — marks the return of the band after a three-year hiatus and their first release since their Sawhorse Sessions EP in 2011. It will be released August 5.
The Feed’s primary songwriter, vocalist/keyboardist Dave Grelle, can't help but rave about guitarist Jordan Heimburger’s playing on Outsider.
"Jordan is the ideal guitarist for the Feed," Grelle says. "Since we pull influences from everywhere, it’s important to have a guitarist who’s well versed in every genre. Whether it’s his Stonesy slide work or psychedelic fuzz, he always plays just what the song calls for.
"When writing tunes, I leave plenty of room for the players to put their own stamp on them. I usually have a pretty good idea of what I’m going for, but the guitar parts Jordan orchestrates on the fly are always way cooler than what I originally heard in my head."
Heimburger, a recent addition to the band, is noticeably pumped up about Outsider.
"This was a super-fun recording session because I was able to set up alone in the big room at Sawhorse Studios in St. Louis and really let the volume rip," he says.
"We played all the tracks live with the other three dudes in the second room across the hall pumped through my headphones. It was cool to have space to get loud without bleed and essential for me to be in the same space with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.187075
Retrieved Text: Source: In: McManus, Katherine A; Gottschalk, Kurt W., eds. 2010. Proceedings. 21st U.S. Department of Agriculture interagency research forum on invasive species 2010; 2010 January 12-15; Annapolis, MD. Gen. Tech. Rep. NRS-P-75. Newtown Square, PA: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, Northern Research Station: 101.
Incorporation of multiple trapping techniques and sites within a survey program is essential to adequately identify the range of emerald ash borer (EAB) (Agrilus planipennis Fairmaire) infestation. Within natural forests, EAB lands on stick band traps wrapped around girdled ash trees at a rate similar to that on unwounded ash trees. The objective of this study was to identify characteristics of ash trees that allow for prediction of EAB landing behavior.
Marshall, Jordan M.; Porter, Melissa J.; Storer, Andrew J. 2011. Use of unwounded ash trees for the detection of emerald ash borer adults: EAB landing behavior. In: McManus, Katherine A; Gottschalk, Kurt W., eds. 2010. Proceedings. 21st U.S. Department of Agriculture interagency research forum on invasive species 2010; 2010 January 12-15; Annapolis, MD. Gen. Tech. Rep. NRS-P-75. Newtown Square, PA: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, Northern Research Station: 101.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.18651
Retrieved Text: As Ash and his friends travel to Castelia City, site of Ash’s third Unova region Gym Battle challenge, they come across the grand opening of a huge new Poké Mart. It’s as big as a shopping mall!
Inside, they find a shop where a Pokémon Connoisseur is checking the compatibility between Trainers and Pokémon. Ash lines up to be evaluated as well, but just as he’s getting impatient with the wait, another shopkeeper invites him over. The proprietor is a girl named Burgundy, who insists that she’s a Connoisseur, too. But Ash gets suspicious when Burgundy says he should get rid of all his Pokémon because he isn’t compatible with any of them—even his best buddy Pikachu!
We then discover that she went up against Cilan at the Striaton Gym—and since her defeat there, she’s been holding a serious grudge. So, she studied to become a Connoisseur, then returned to challenge Cilan again. But by the time she got back, Cilan was already on his journey with Ash and Iris!
Burgundy challenges Cilan to a revenge battle, saying that if she wins, Ash has to give up all of his Pokémon. Ash is very worried, but Cilan accepts anyway, and in the process of defeating Burgundy, gently attempts to teach her the value of open-mindedness when evaluating Pokémon and Trainer compatibility. Angrily, she vows to come back again to beat Cilan, then stomps away. Ash is just happy that he can keep all his Pokémon, and they can again set their sights on the Castelia City Gym!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.1165
Retrieved Text: Thornton Cleveleys extended their lead at the summit of the West Lancashire Football League Premier Division after edging a seven-goal thriller against Vickerstown.
They got off to a perfect start when they took the lead via an own goal, but Vickerstown immediately hit back through Danny Cummings.
Oliver Wilkinson then bagged a brace for Thornton to give them a 3-1 lead at half-time.
They were again pegged back at the start of the second half when Danny Keenan reduced the arrears for the home side, before Rob Norton restored Thornton’s two-goal lead.
Cummings bagged his second of the afternoon for Vickerstown 12 minutes from time to ensure a tense finish, but Thornton held on to claim a 4-3 win.
Elsewhere, a Carl Eastwood brace rescued a point for Blackpool Wren Rovers who came from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Slyne With Hest.
The away side had raced into the lead thanks to goals from Reece Pearce, but Eastwood pulled one back just before half time before grabbing the leveller just after the hour mark.
Poulton were also heading for a 2-2 draw, only to be cruelly denied a point after conceding a last-minute goal which saw them go down to a 3-2 defeat in their game against Hurst Green.
They took the lead after 11 minutes through Oliver McLean, but Allan Thompson drew Poulton level shortly afterwards.
Jack Flackett then put Poulton ahead on the half-hour mark, but Hurst Green sealed the comeback and the three points with second-half goals from Chris Cookson and Jack Unsworth.
Division one side Wyre Villa were in cup

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.110603
Retrieved Text: Mar 17, Jonathan Maberry Fire And Ash Epub Download. Mar 26, Jonathan Maberry Fire And Ash Epub Download. Jonathan Maberry is a New York Times bestselling author, five-time Bram Stoker Award winner, and Jonathan Maberry Author . cover image of Fire & Ash.
Sep 27, Fire Ash (Rot Ruin) Jonathan Maberry ePub | *DOC | audiobook | ebooks | Download PDF. # in Books Maberry, Jonathan Download eBooks by author Jonathan Maberry. Guaranteed best prices Our price: $ Fire & Ash ePub (Adobe DRM) download by Jonathan Maberry . download the rot ruin collection rot ruin dust decay flesh bone fire ash flesh download flesh and bone benny imura 3 jonathan maberry (pdf, epub, mobi).
Jonathan Maberry, Book: I really enjoyed Fire and Ash, the fourt.. View eBook. Get this book in print. Fire And Ash by Jonathan Maberry is the fourth,.
Fire and Ash - Ebook written by Jonathan Maberry. Download for offline reading, highlight.. Please click button to get fire ash book now.
Fire and Ash , Series: My name is Claire Milles and I, read thi.. Read eBook on the web,. Jonathan Maberry born May 18, is an American suspense author, anthology editor,.
Jonathan Maberry 47 ePub. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Free mp3 download.. Download Ebook: Click Download or Read Online button to get book.. Download eBooks by author Jonathan Maberry.
Jonathan Maberry: Download Free eBook.
Rot and Ruin is a book by Jonathan Maberry on Enjoy reading pages by starting download or read online Rot and Ruin. Fire and Ash is pretty much.. In the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.088675
Retrieved Text: As part of this weeks Nominations Twist Ashleigh and Chris as the Power Alliance unbeknownst to the other housemates...have chosen Steven as their first nomination.
Meaning he will be facing the public vote this week.
The housemates have already started speculating and are thinking that the public is actually the Power Housemate this time but as we know, they are wrong..
What do you think of the first nomination by the 'Power Alliance'?
If it's Ash then everyone's head will turn to Ashleigh.
It will be Ash, they can only really choose Ash and Winston because the one true person Ashleigh wants gone has the pass.
They might pick someone not so suspect to throw off the scent, or they might just go 'screw it, they're going to nominate us anyway'.
Yeah it will be Ash but hopefully they takes the publics side and put up Steven.
Not really, Ash got a mixed reception last time his name was read out. So to them, they would think he is partially liked, whereas with Steven he got heavy boos.
I never said she was was. Try re-reading.
Pauline wishes she could dance like that.
I hope not Achilles...Steven is no threat to them prevailing to the final!....They should use their heads and put three favourites up!...Mark, Winston and Zoe!...at least they'll get rid of one obstacle!
I think it could be an option at the end, but I hope it isn't because I want Steven out.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.085169
Retrieved Text: or we can just offer some selected services.
UNFORTUNATELY WE ARE NOT TAKING BOOKINGS FOR THE END OF 2020 AT THIS STAGE.
You just have to rock up on the day on the location, with your partner (and possibly your friends).
Once you’ve decided on a package and your options, we discuss with you and custom make your ideal intimate wedding. You have a choice between a few different locations for your wedding. Wether you prefer the beach side, a paddock near the river, or in the mountains, all in Gippsland. The food is also tailored for you: we have vegan, gluten free and nut allergy friendly options. You want to cook on the camp fire? It’s possible! We tailor our packages to the location and to your needs.
You let us do the hard work, and you just sit back and enjoy.
The ultimate glamping elopement package in Gippsland!
We have 4 locations to choose from within the Gippsland region. Our venues are wild, easy to access with incredible views. Depending on how many guests attend your event, we choose the best location for you.
The team behind Under the Moon has been very carefully selected to offer you the best services. The professionals behind Under the Moon have years of experience within the wedding industry and can bring you everything you need and more… they would probably bring you the moon if you asked them!
40th birthday party? Bridal Shower? Engagement party? Or a simple gathering with friends? We can help you create the perfect event.
Our team can create the best party

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.040798
Retrieved Text: Episode 279 - There's No Place Like Hoenn!
Ash and May are now headed to Petalburg City, where Ash is expecting to have his first Houen Gym match. May then gets tired, and tells Ash to slow down. But Ash is just too eager to get to the Gym, so May sighs as they enter Petalburg City, and insists that before going to Petalburg Gym, they take a small rest at the park. May, who seems to be nervous, asks Ash why he’s so eager to go visit Petalburg Gym… and he tells her he wants to collect 8 badges, and participate in the Houen league, and that manages to impress May and force a smile out of her. So, Ash then wonders aloud what the Gym leader there is like… and May seems to blush. Ash then gets a suspicion that she know him… hmm, could it possibly be her boyfriend? Her enemy, maybe? Ash tries to ask, but May pretends to not know anything. Ash, who seems to be fed up, says that he just wants to get the Gym battle over with, and then they’ll leave. So, May requests for Ash to let her wait there. He sighs, and heads off.
Ash and Pikachu wish each other luck as the step into Petalburg Gym. However, the Gym seems to be vacant… he calls out that he’s here for a challenge. After calling a few times, a boy appears, shocked. He says he saw Ash on TV at the Silver Convention! Ash, embarrassed, scratches his head

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.00613
Retrieved Text: The vet thinks he has vestibular disease, though! (Sudden-onset vertigo.) He got a shot and he’s on two anti-nausea meds and I refuse to believe it’s anything else, damnit, because NO. JUST NO. He’s currently wearing a diaper next to me passed out from exhaustion and I’m petting him and … no. I love my fuzzybutt.
Nicky is 13, and Ash is 11, and they are strongly bonded, so Brandon has been worrying lately that one of them will die and the other will be horribly distraught. So, he started to look through Petfinder at what local rescues have, and found a small terrier named Jewel that I quickly dubbed “Wicket” because she looked just like an Ewok. We made our way down to an adoption event in Palo Alto on Saturday, with Nicky and Ash in the car to meet her, should we think she had the right temperament.
When everyone arrived back, we took a photo together as a family and then piled into the car. Actually, at this point, Brandon took Katie to the bathroom, I got Max to his seat opposite me on the side of the car where I was loading the dogs, and put Sadie in first, with Ash to follow. They nearly instantly got into a roaring, screaming fight. I didn’t know who caused it, so I yanked Ash back, told Max to get out of the car as quickly as he could (he was crying but he was too far for me to reach), and we waited for Brandon to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.991064
Retrieved Text: Appearance & Construction (20/20): A typical looking Davidoff with the exception of a slightly darker wrapper with minimal veins and an exquisitely placed cap. The cigar sports the classic Davidoff label, with the secondary band stating ‘Reserva 12’. It is virtually impossible to find a flaw on this cigar.
Flavor & Notes (29/30): The flavor profile on this cigar is totally different than a regular Davidoff cigar with the exception of the prelight draw which was typical of a Davidoff offering notes of earth/grass. Once lighting the smoke the sun grown wrapper is evident as there is a slight pepper, which during the first third of the smoke is joined by notes of wood. As we approach the middle portion of the cigar some feint grassy notes begin to emerge with nice toasted wood notes and a touch of leather. As we finish the final third of the smoke, notes of wood remain with some leather.
Burn/Ash/Draw (23/25): The burn is as always for a Davidoff flawless. The ash started off with a huge flowering effect, that after an 1/8th of an inch the ash corrected itself and remained strong and tight. I only had to ash 3 times. Once at the half way point, once at the label and I had an ash left when I put the nub down. The color of the ash was a very light gray with some dark spots here and there.. The burn started off jagged, but it too corrected itself rather quickly and remained straight throughout the smoke.
Overall (25/25): This

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.978218
Retrieved Text: I would like to be Steven. He is pretty elite trainer, has strong pokémon.And he is even nice person.That would be life!!!!By the way...Does anybody know how old is he?
I would like to be a Pokemon trainer just like Ash.
The guy from the Spinda episode. "Pokemon Advernturer" sounds awesome searching for rare Pokemon. Plus he got a purdy g/f.
Thanks to xxpoke_loverxx for the banner.
Just like Ash but not as stupid. i.e. like letting people borrow my pokemon(squirtle,charizard,pidgeot).
Gary, cause he's just cool.
Anyways, I would be Sabrina or Lucy. I heart them both so I couldn't pick one over the other. Don't give me all that "they are overrated" crap either, cause I fail to see how they are. I like them and that's all that matters.
I would most like to be like Misty because she's got water pokemon and i love water types. After Tyrogue though. Plus i like Ash and fancies him badly.
Uh, either Ash or May. Ash ebcause he is strong and a great battler. And May because she is a great coordinator.
youssef20138 1000 Years of Pain!
WILL THIS ACCOUNT NEVER GET DELETED???
~Shadow Espeon~ I did it!!
Girl(If I was a girl): Lucy. She is cool and has cool pokemon. Milotic and Seviper ftw.
I would either be Gary or Harrison, most probabily Gary. Both really good trainers.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.929676
Retrieved Text: A very short blog today as I am having an early night ready for a 3.40 am alarm call to go to work at the National Wildlife Crime Unit. No particular need to start early but (1) I like early starts anyway, and (b) I hate sitting in traffic jams. Not too many of them around at 04.30, even on the M90.
I’ve had two great days cutting up a windblown ash tree. One large part of the lower trunk is right against the fence, so I’ll maybe need to get a tractor to pull it out the field a bit before I can cut it, but the fields are too wet just now to try that. I had two chain saws, a large one and a small one. At the very last cut of a substantial piece of trunk I got the large one jammed and had to use a hand saw to free it.
In the quiet intervals when I switched the chain saw off, I could hear great-spotted woodpeckers drumming on trees not too far off, and a robin hopped amongst the leaf litter I was disturbing, no doubt taking advantage of insects scurrying about. There were plenty of fallow and roe deer marks in the soft earth round the ash tree, and most of the thin and whippy branches now at ground level had been eaten. I’m sure rabbits rather than deer would be the culprits here. Interesting that they eat ash bark (and especially so when there is no shortage of good grass)

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.819632
Retrieved Text: eat run sail: I Have Found Another Love!
There is a new man in my life... his name is Tommie Copper. I love him. A lot!
A couple of weeks ago, I won a contest on Twitter, and Jordan, from Tommie Copper, got in touch with me and offered me my choice of one of their sleeves and one of their t-shirts. I chose a calf sleeve and a woman's tee, and when they arrived, Jordan had also very gererously included a knit cap, which The Captain is going to love wearing this winter while we are out walking and running.... oh, did I mention that I think Jordan is pretty darn special, too?
I immediately pulled the calf sleeve out of the package and wore it for the next 24 hours. Occasionally, my left ankke/calf swells up when I am not very active, and the TC calf sleeve looked after it quite nicely. By the next morning, the swelling was gone and I was elated.
And most muscle, circulatroy, and inflammatory conditions."
When we were packing up a few things to take to the inn where we were planing to spend several days after my eye surgery, I decided to include the t-shirt. I thought that perhaps it would help with the inevitable muscle soreness that would come along with being bent over in the face down position for 72 + hours and also from having to sleep on my tummy.
Each morning after I bathed, I put on the slim fitting t-shirt and wore it for the day, occasionally putting

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.81846
Retrieved Text: 1:49 Shot by Hanover Nicholas Ash, Wide Left.
6:09 Shot by Hanover Tanner Korfhagen, Wide Right.
12:25 Header Shot by Hanover Tanner Korfhagen, Blocked.
12:57 Corner kick by Hanover Tanner Korfhagen [12:57].
21:33 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Brad Simpson for Ian Waldrop.
23:40 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Ryan Keeney for Dominic Isadore.
23:40 Substitution!Franklin substitution: Trevor Bray for Tyler Majeski.
25:27 Corner kick by Franklin Luke Oliver [25:27].
26:20 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Evan Stacy for Nicholas Ash.
27:33 Yellow card on Franklin Mason Krupa.
27:33 For Franklin: #2 Mason Krupa, #6 Trey Floyd, #7 Mason May, #11 Matt Powell, #12 Cody Coppess, #13 Luke Oliver, #15 Trevor Bray, #19 Andrew Vidal, #20 Ben Tierney, #23 Jordan Thomas, #00 Garrett Belden.
31:07 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Chris Roe for Tanner Korfhagen.
31:30 Shot by Hanover Chris Roe, Save (by goalie) Garrett Belden.
33:33 Substitution!Franklin substitution: Jacob Thompson for Jordan Thomas.
35:18 Shot by Franklin Luke Oliver, High.
38:48 Shot by Hanover Ryan Keeney, Wide Left.
39:08 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Hunter Guthrie for Ryan Keeney.
39:08 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Cameron Rogers for Chris Roe.
39:08 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Dean Mock for Brad Simpson.
39:08 Substitution!Hanover substitution: Ian Waldrop for Evan Stacy.
40:02 Shot by Hanover Ethan Miller, Save (by goalie) Garrett Belden.
41:52 Corner kick by Franklin Luke Oliver [41:52].
43:25 Yellow card on Franklin Trey Floyd.
90:00 For Franklin: #2 Mason Krupa, #4 Tyler Majeski, #6 Trey Floyd, #7 Mason May, #11 Matt Powell, #12 Cody Coppess, #13 Luke Oliver, #15 Trevor Bray, #20 Ben Tierney, #23 Jordan Thomas, #00 Garrett Belden.
45:00 For Hanover: #1 Will Bedel, #2 Thomas Doering, #6 Will Bridgeman, #7 Dominic Isadore, #8 Nicholas Ash, #9 Tanner Korfhagen, #11 Michael Dumaine, #17 Myles Joseph, #18 Ian

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.807655
Retrieved Text: Figured Ash? Anyone got pics?
Discussion in 'Model X: Interior & Exterior' started by MrBoylan, Dec 13, 2015.
So the last detail we haven't quite decided yet is wood accent. Has anyone actually seen the figured ash? If so, got pics? This is what it looks like in the Design Studio (top pic is figured ash, bottom is matte obeche, both just slightly lightened), but I was hoping for some real pics if anyone has them. I think this is new on the Model X as the stores don't have samples of figured ash yet. I'm leaning toward the figured ash as I like how it stands out more against the black.
Mark Z to the rescue!
Figured Ash Decor with Canon camera | Flickr - Photo Sharing!
It is beautiful! I went with obeche matte, but that tempts me to change!
They're both really nice. Probably not worth the $500 change fee. Hoping to click that Order button tonight. I already missed my chance to lock it in last week before the latest batch of invites. But we weren't quite ready then.
I was hoping for the piano black trim, I have it on the S and like the clean look and on the X it would match the black on the back of the seats. I will need to see the trim offered for the X before I can make a decision.
Stores have Obeche Matte, Obeche Gloss and Carbon Fiber samples (all carryover from the S), but not dark ash or figured ash. Dark ash looks similar to piano black, but

================



======= Instance Index 13525 =========
Input Text: Context: Roboin worked diligently to finish the project.

Question: What does Robin need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Take a nap

B: Be lazy

C: Prepare herself

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.804375
Retrieved Text: I found Judy on Google and am so glad I did. Judy added some mods to my shopping cart and worked diligently to make sure everything worked correctly. She went above and beyond the project and really helped me finetune my site. Judy is professional, competent and very knowledgable about Zencart.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.319496
Retrieved Text: Webster County Schools had another outstanding quarter to finish out our first semester. Our teachers are gearing up to challenge and inspire our Webster County students as we begin a new semester..
The following students have worked diligently to earn recognition for either All A Honor Roll or A/B Honor Roll for the second quarter. We are proud of these students for their excellent work ethic and exceptional academic performance.
Comments on "Webster County Schools Quarter 1 Honor Roll"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.224028
Retrieved Text: Structure Tone Southwest was selected to complete the new Dallas offices for CrossFirst Bank at the 2021 McKinney building in Uptown Dallas. Located on the 8th floor, the project involved converting over 26,400sf of white box space into beautiful, high-end offices. Some of its features include floor-to-ceiling glass-front offices and meeting spaces, high-end broadloom carpet and wall coverings, which give the space a rich contrast to the muted color palette and modern details.
The project team overcame challenges including working in a space with tenants occupying the floors above and below the construction area. Structure Tone complied with stringent safety and building protocols to minimize disruptions and safety incidents.
Another challenge was the long-lead items and product delays. The original project schedule was set at 16 weeks. The owner-furnished carpet, however, had an 18-week lead time. We worked with the team to order the carpet early to keep the project on schedule.
The owner-furnished light fixtures had a similar lead time challenge. The building has a slight radius at its north and south elevations. The selected light fixture is a linear design and extends along the radius of a corridor that follows this building radius. Typically, the manufacturer measures for these fixtures after walls are complete. But given the tight timeframe for this project, we had our drywall subcontractor lay out the walls on the ground, and then the electrician transferred the points from the ground to a drawing for the manufacturer to use for fabrication.
Another lighting challenge came near the end of the project when some of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.176245
Retrieved Text: Camp Hartell - Midstate Site Development, LLC.
Camp Hartell CSMS project included the construction of a new 112,000SF maintenance building for the CT National Guard. To tackle this project we first had to demolish a 17 acre site utilizing the onsite materials to build the foundation meeting LEED requirements. We worked diligently with the Cast in Place Concrete contractor to deliver the building slab and keep the project on schedule. We installed 2,000 LF of DIP, 6,000 LF of drainage, and 2,000 LF of sanitary piping. Overall the project was finished on time and under budget.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.090025
Retrieved Text: Shopping online for antiques can be quite difficult, but Laurel Crown provides the experience and craftsmanship one might only expect from an old-fashioned furniture maker. Our Victorian sofa is heavily inspired by the Rococo styles that became so popular during the Victorian era. Rococo furnishings were often highly ornamental in form, and we worked diligently to recreate all those classic embellishments by designing our Victorian-style sofa with meticulous care. Best of all, this vintage sofa can complement a wide variety of interior design schemes.
Each Victorian sofa is carved, sanded, and finished by one of our master craftsmen. We use only the finest Honduran mahogany available to ensure heirloom quality. Honduran mahogany is beloved for its superior workability, moderate rot resistance, and dimensional stability. We accentuated the refined reddish-brown hue with a satin semi-gloss finish that will glow for years to come, so you can pass your new sofa on as an heirloom to future generations.
Are you interested in customizing our Victorian-style sofa?
Designing your own Victorian sofa is easier than you might expect. Our design experts can help you every step of the way. Just submit your project proposal online or contact us directly to get started. With your budget and specifications in mind, we will draft concept sketches to bring your sofa to life. Once approved, we build and finish your sofa quickly, so you can receive it via freight or white glove delivery as soon as possible. If you have any questions about our Victorian-style sofa, please contact us today to speak with one of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.97152
Retrieved Text: In November 2016, Parks Canada began the rehabilitation of Upper Nicholsons Earth Dam on the Rideau Canal National Historic Site (west of Burritts Rapids). Construction crews have been stabilizing the dam as well as repairing the historic masonry that makes up the dams retaining walls. This work will further extend the life of these structures, preserving their heritage value, while ensuring the dam’s continued ability to protect public safety and manage water flow in the area.
The work on this project is progressing well. Repairs to the west embankment upstream of the spillway and back filling along the retaining wall leading up to the lock are now complete. The contractor has completed approximately 50% of the historic masonry repairs to the dam’s retaining walls. The project is on schedule to finish in advance of the opening of our 2017 navigation season on Victoria Day weekend, in celebration of Canada's 150th anniversary.
Upper Nicholsons Earth Dam rehabilitation is part of Parks Canada’s unprecedented $3 billion dollar investment over 5 years to support infrastructure work to heritage, visitor, waterway and highway assets located within national historic sites, national parks, and national marine conservation areas across Canada.
In the mid-1820s Colonel By made plans to construct a dam, lock and embankment at Nicholson’s Rapids. The plan had the dam bypass the rapids with a canal cut along the east bank. Work was completed by contractor H.C. Steven and Co. who worked diligently on the canal cut and lock construction. Local stone from Clowes’ Quarry was used to build the locks and dam.
For

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.862509
Retrieved Text: Over the years, Greenbank Developments have earned a reputation for quality work and reliability throughout the North of England. Our projects are handled efficiently and effectively without compromising quality. We cater for all aspects of a plastering job and undertake complete building contracts.
If you are planning on improving your property or undertaking any other building related work, we will be able to help you. We will discuss your requirements and budget with you and plan out the entire job for you.
It is extremely hard to find top quality building contractors who understand the client’s requirement in terms of quality of service, delivery of a project in a timely manner. Which is why I can say that we have found overall quality of Greenbank Development services exceptional.
This was our first experience of working with a local family builder, and we found it extremely rewarding. We initially spotted Barry’s talent in the set-up of our garage conversion when explaining all the options open to us – and the extra room we would gain.
Throughout the process of concept, design, planning and implementation, Greenbank Development provided first-rate construction work and provided the best customer services that I have experienced in a building firm.
Greenbank Developments have worked on a number of projects for me in Saddleworth and Oldham, both large extension works and new driveways.They have proved to be a thoroughly professional building contractors, combining strong project management and timely deliveries with an extremely high quality finish.
I really didn’t expect a large scale job like this to be such a pleasure!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.844051
Retrieved Text: The Company | Pacific Apex Structures Inc.
Foundational and Structural Engineering is a part of every project. We make sure to align ourselves with only the top professionals in their respected field to diligently manage your project insuring that we address all codes and regulations.
Each part of the project from start to finish is managed with full attention. From logistics to sign-off we will guarantee a final result you can be happy with.
Certified with thrid party companies such as ISNetworld, PIC's and Browzs, we know what it take to run a safe site. That combined with a strict QA/QC program our qualified installers know what is expected during the job.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.780344
Retrieved Text: The Y's Little Explorer Pre-School program and staff have worked diligently to receive a Texas School Ready certification.
Newly installed drinking fountain located in the main hallway.
Construction of our newest project is almost complete.
Our assortment of dumbbells will give you plenty of options to use in your goal to leading a healthy lifestyle.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.771633
Retrieved Text: Fabricating the stringers and treads at our shop in downtown Jacksonville. We worked with the contractor’s engineers to create a design that would safely carry the load without supporting vertical beams. Every tread is diligently squared, leveled, and spaced to meet code. Every weld is ground, polished, and finished to create a smooth, clean appearance. Quality is what you get with Edwards Ornamental Iron!
After finishing the fabrication process, the stringers are then taken to be sandblasted. Sandblasting further smooths the finish and creates a slightly textured surface that holds paint better.
Installation of the stringers was a challenge but nothing too much for us! The stringers have a zinc primer coating (final coat done on site by contractor in this case). In order to achieve the floating aspect, we first put in the main stringer running left to right on your screen. 3/4” threaded rods were mounted into the poured concrete walls using high strength 2 part anchoring epoxy. Getting the main stringer absolutely perfect was crucial. The other two stringers were then raised with the roastabout lift, put into place, and welded on site to the main stringer.
And here you go! Finished look before final cleanup.
Our 1/2” mounting plate are now hidden beneath the finished tile work. The steel railings have been fabricated, finished, and installed by our team onto the top of the wood treads.
The homeowners were very happy with how this project came out! It truly is the focal point of a beautiful home. If you’d like to know more about this project or

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.736265
Retrieved Text: Type IIIA construction can be tricky. This project also had to be completed in very tight quarters. A 4-story type IIIA building on the studio lot. The studio could no allow any of the areas adjoining the site to be disturbed or shut down. The Durst crew had to be ready to hold up work and allow for studio work (filming) to occur and still maintain the schedule. We worked diligently to accommodate the needs of the studio and project schedule right to the end.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.642962
Retrieved Text: “Thanks for the great job. Your crew worked diligently and carefully. I appreciated your attention to detail.”.
“I am writing this reference letter in behalf of Performance Painting, who recently completed a painting project on our property. We're very satisfied and happy with Paul's Professional Painting Services. Thank You!”.
““The job looks really fantastic. Very happy with the outcome. Many thanks again Alberto.””.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.454697
Retrieved Text: Ten graduate students from Parsons School of Constructed Environments worked diligently over the course of seven months to redesign and build a lobby and lounge area for The Children’s Museum of the Arts in Tribeca, Lower Manhattan. The project was overseen by Mark Gardner, Director of the M.Arch program, Dr. Sharon Sutton, Nathan Carter, and Nick Brinen. The renovation was completed on August 25, 2018.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.419195
Retrieved Text: The new entrance to B'nai Jacob Synagogue will feature impressive new handrails, landings and landscaping. We are deeply grateful to President Cary Levenson and the members of the building committee who have worked diligently on this much needed project for our congregation.
....and More Construction video (August 4th, 2011) !
...... and even more Construction video (August 9th, 2011) !
Getting REAL close! August 10th!
Our soon to be completed park on Virginia St.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.247156
Retrieved Text: Home Renovation | Greenwich & Darien, CT | Westchester County, NY — Form Ltd.
FORM Ltd. was created in 1987 and has been proudly serving clients from Greenwich to Westchester County ever since. We are a full-service company and provide everything you need for your kitchen remodeling project from demolition to design and installation. Throughout the years we have earned a reputation for being one of the most high-quality remodeling companies in the area, and work diligently with our clients every day to ensure that we stay true to that. When you sign on with us, we ensure that you get the very best experience possible from the start of the project all the way through to the finish, regardless of what your undertaking is.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.09106
Retrieved Text: MyBuilder has thousands of local and reliable Kitchen Fitters in Plaistow. We screen our trade members and every job is up for review. Post your job now to get quick responses from local Kitchen Fitters in Plaistow.
Looking for Plaistow based Kitchen Fitters?
Angle did an amazing job. His attention to detail is not seen often anymore. He also came of with some clever solutions to problems we faced. I can recommend him fully!
Kitchen units doors and worktop replacement.
Super team of husband and wife. Would definitely hire again! Great job.
Buna dimineata, Fast and reliable. Florian came did the job on the time frame that we have agreed. Really pleased with the final finish. I will definitely hire him again is really professional thanks Florian.
Darius was prompt, professional, honest and worked diligently. I would not hesitate to use his services again.
Came when he said they would, did what they said they would, neat job, well finished, thoughtful about it (suggested improvements - which we adopted). Nice people. Would use again.
Selcuk was very helpful in helping us plan the whole kitchen refurbishment and was very neat, thorough and efficient while working on the job. Would definitely use him again for future jobs.
First, create a job listing for your kitchen fitting project. It's quick, easy and free - the first step to finding recommended kitchen fitters in Plaistow.
Having met our recommended kitchen fitters in Plaistow and read customer reviews, you're ready to decide which kitchen fitters to hire.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.992105
Retrieved Text: After we began the excavation portion of the project we suggested to the owner that with a redesign and some Value Engineering they could get more parking spaces and use the ramp for Phase 1 and a potential Phase 2. We turned the project 90 to accommodate these changes. We found several old buildings as we progressed with the excavation.
This project has given 600 + spaces to the area which was greatly needed. We completed this project and are looking forward to doing Phase 2 of the project when the need arises.
We won 2 awards for this project; the first one was Concrete Construction and Design- Most Outstanding Project Concrete Structures from Utah Construction and Design Magazine and the second was from the AGC Project Manager of the Year- Building and Industrial from the Associated General Contractors of Utah. This was because of a team effort of RLW and its employees and the sub-contractors that worked diligently on the project.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.988358
Retrieved Text: ATLANTA - Engineered wood product manufacturer Uniboard, and Olon Industries, which producings mouldings and edgebanding, announced at the International Woodworking Fair new products in precisely matches between the two firms' designs and colors.
Uniboard is launching four new RIO designs at IWF 2012; these are matched to Olon's 5-piece door, moulding and LINK25 co-products. Used in kitchen and closet industries, the four new colors - Fresco, Carnaval, Amazona and Samba - will match Olon's Belluno polyester mouldings, 5-piece door and LINK25 products. The two firms worked together using Uniboard's Perfect match Technology in the process.
"We have been working diligently side-by-side with Olon Industries," said Don Raymond, Uniboard VP marketing. "This new finish option is just one example," he said, noting "The Uniboard/Olon partnership illustrates how two companies can set the standards in innovation and provides foolproof and seamless solutions to customers."
Uniboard's RIO finish is available in 22 Uniboard TFM colors complemented now by edgebanding, five-piece door components and LINK25 matching co-products. www.uniboard.com.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.932533
Retrieved Text: We take sustainability seriously and we have worked diligently over the last decade to integrate sustainable concepts into our standard business practices. We believe that every decision should be enhanced by environmental considerations and that sustainable design isn’t a specialty service — it’s a best practice.
Every project can achieve significant energy savings through thoughtful decisions and smart resource allocation. It’s about doing more with less, applying sustainable solutions, and making the right decision for the future to achieve our clients’ sustainability goals.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.879261
Retrieved Text: For the high profile conversion project at 141 Fifth Avenue, CORE was tasked with hitting record prices during 2008’s fluctuating market. Determined to develop a one-of-kind product, CORE worked diligently with the architect to curate each residence, creating New York City’s first luxury development of bespoke homes. Amidst challenging economic times, CORE still achieved a 100% sell-out at 141 Fifth Avenue and set a record sales price of $2,000 per square foot for the Flatiron neighborhood – all without traditional advertising.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.747656
Retrieved Text: It’s bloody cold here at the moment.
And that’s not just me saying that, a radio announcer said that exact quote last week.
So I figured that the first project from Tilly and the Buttons – Love at First Stitch would be the Margot Pajamas.
Tracing the pattern onto baking paper was the hardest part. I tried 3 different types of tape and about 5 different pens before I found a combination that vaguely worked. Even then they look a bit mangled.
Cutting out using Tillys instructions was almost easy!
Considering that’s the part which has tripped my up in my sewing adventures before that’s a win!
Then I diligently set about to sewing the pieces together. Even using the zigzag stitch to finish the edges which I’d never done before.
Once I’d sewn the legs together I looked at the instructions for the crotch and realised I’d sewn the two fronts together and the two backs together.
I had to unpick and start again.
But I won’t be making that mistake again!!!!
After that they went off without a hitch.
How brilliant you are. Those are fantastic and fit you well!
Suuuuuper snuggly looking. Clever to use sheets!
That books isn’t out here until, like, October.
I don’t understand how I can get something in Australia before the US. That never happens.
And it wasn’t clever – just lazy. The supermarket was much much closer than any fabric shop.
Oh wow, this is so clever! I would have never thought to make my own fleecy pyjama pants. I always just end up at Primark for yet another pair!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.705633
Retrieved Text: John started here at iBuild as an Engineering intern, making extremely valuable contributions to the company throughout his time with us.
During his internship, John worked diligently providing cost estimates, dealing with hoards of spreadsheets with ease, and providing support on the ground where the real action is. John has now progressed into a position at iBuild as a Civil Engineer & Project Manager, where he continues to be a very focused and positive team member always keen to help out.
In his interview, John talks about his experiences here at iBuild.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.670408
Retrieved Text: I was walking around the house the other day and reflecting on the extraordinary people who created this wonderful place.
I want to thank you and those who worked on the project for your excellence. I don't think it's possible to be happier that Ginny and I are with the outcome.
On behalf of the Lloyd Historical Society's Board of Directors, Trustees, Members and community at large, George Weir and I wish to sincerely thank you and your men for our exceptionally fine 1764 barn. You and your crew worked hard and diligently to complete our barn on time and it was beautifully done.
We owe much to you for the many compliments that we have been receiving. We highly recommend you and your professional skills. Thank you again, and please come visit.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.53213
Retrieved Text: This large scale renovation project includes a comprehensive site plan renovation (to include completely new site utilities and enhanced parking), a 3,800 SF clerestory reception and board room addition, as well as comprehensive interior renovations to the original 10,000 SF structure. Special design features included enhancement of natural light to the building interior and a full mechanical systems overhaul. Since this client chose to remain on the premises for business operations throughout the construction process, Hood Construction worked diligently to be as unobtrusive as possible, placing additional emphasis on safety, without compromise to quality, budget, or schedule.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.478767
Retrieved Text: When it comes to investing in today’s fast-paced real estate market, Paula McCartney knows you need an experienced, fully Licensed agency like Diamond Properties.
Diamond Properties… truly a rare gem!
We wanted to share what a smooth & stress-free experience this has been because of the way you service your clients. Truly above & beyond with helping us clear hurdles and handling the process like a pro. Not only that, but I really loved all the positive energy that comes through whenever you gave us an update. You clearly really love your job and some of the "We got this!!!" vibe transferred to me when I needed it the most! Diamond Properties… truly a rare gem!
I would highly recommend Diamond Properties to anyone wishing to sell or buy a home. Paula did an outstanding job negotiating the sale of my home and went above and beyond my expectations with what I’ve experienced with other estate agents. Courteous, committed and caring from start to finish and above all else, honest! I was extremely impressed by the professionalism shown by Paula and I can’t thank her enough for working so hard to ensure the sale went through successfully.
Words cannot express the gratitude I feel for Paula and Diamond Properties. Paula worked tirelessly from start to finish on our project. She went above and beyond in every way that was needed. She not only helped us with our paperwork to ensure when closing time came all was in order, but she helped us through all the bumps, all the red tape

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.37649
Retrieved Text: You will be pleasantly surprised with our approach to commercial roof installation in Alliston, ON.
Integrity – We have worked diligently to build and preserve a fine reputation in Alliston, ON. We have done that through integrity and keeping our customers’ needs first. You can be assured that your commercial roof installation project will be completed on time and to your 100% satisfaction.
At Slippery Slope Roofing, we offer high-quality commercial roof installation services in Alliston, Barrie, Orillia, Bradford, Newmarket, Midhurst, Cookstown, Beeton, Innisfil, Angus, Collingwood, Wasaga Beach, Oro-Medonte, Midland, New Tecumseth, Clearview, Bradford, Essa, Stayner, Springwater, and surrounding areas of Ontario.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.196548
Retrieved Text: Working with Agus was a pleasure. He is an excellent mechanical engineer with great knowledge in his field. Responsive, thoughtful and easy to work with–good traits to have in your sub consultants.
Jefferson Yu, Project Manager, WLC Architects Inc. Folsom, CA.
I have worked with Agus over the past decade on large and small projects since he was a mechanical designer. Agus has consistently delivered his drawings on time and in good quality. He coordinated with other disciplines diligently. I would always like to have him in my team.
Bob Hicks, AIA, Project Architect, Costa Mesa, CA.
Congratulations to Agus and his team on starting their own company. I have worked with Agus on several projects in the past when I was with GKK including a 60,000 SF brand new construction Sally Ride Elementary School for LAUSD. Agus is knowledgeable in his field and very responsive. He is an excellent team player. I wish ECS success in the coming years.
Rakhi Dasgupta, AIA, Newport Beach, CA.
Congratulations to Agus and his partners on the new business. I have known Agus for many years, and known him to be an excellent engineer. I wish ECS all the best, and much success in the coming years.
Tep Kalambaheti, PE, Associate Principal, IDS Group Inc. Irvine, CA.
Agus is one of the best engineers I have worked with. In addition to possessing excellent project management experience, his professional skill set includes exemplary design and engineering, attention to detail, and exceptional client services. Agus is a great asset to any project, and I hope to have an opportunity

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.168978
Retrieved Text: Last semester, two friends and I decided to run a half marathon. When we signed up for the race, however, we knew we would need to change some habits. I had to break my bad habit of avoiding exercise and form a habit of regular running throughout the week. I had to pay more attention to what I ate and to when I ate, breaking my bad habits of eating whatever and whenever I desired to form new habits of practicing moderation and of eating healthier meals. The process of breaking old habits and of forming new habits was difficult at first, but the work proved worthwhile when we each crossed the finish line of the race.
Fast forward to this semester. I’ve failed to run consistently since the race. I haven’t abandoned exercise altogether, but I haven’t worked as diligently as I did last semester. Although my intentions are good, I’ve found myself slipping back into old habits again.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.161316
Retrieved Text: MONTEREY COUNTY – Caltrans and the Transportation Agency for Monterey County (TAMC) today celebrated the completion of the landmark $225 million Prunedale Improvement Project, marking the successful end of construction for the largest transportation project in Monterey County since the early 1960s.
“This historic project will make U.S. Highway 101 much safer, reduce traffic congestion and improve access to local businesses,” said Caltrans Director Malcolm Dougherty.
The Prunedale Improvement Project upgraded a 13-mile segment of U.S. Highway 101 from Russell/Espinoza Road to just north of Echo Valley Road.
Prior to construction, this section of U.S. Highway 101 was a four-lane expressway with several at-grade intersections. The combination of high-speed traffic on the highway conflicting with vehicles trying to enter, exit and make left turns caused congestion and impacted safety.
To make the highway safer, a new concrete median barrier was installed at various locations throughout the project limits, permanently removing left turns across U.S. Highway 101.
“On behalf of the residents of North Monterey County, congratulations to Caltrans, TAMC and the many contractors who worked diligently on the Prunedale Improvement Project,” said Monterey County Supervisor Lou Calcagno.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.12098
Retrieved Text: As the agent for MDX, Bolton Perez & Associates (BPA) provided Construction Engineering and Inspection (CE&I) for hazardous paint removal and painting of SR 836 Bridge (Northbound and Southbound) over the Miami River. In addition, CE&I support staff provided project administration and technical support through-out this six-month long project. BPA performed quality assurance (QA) of all operations including hazardous waste handling, containment system efficiency, surface preparation of steel and paint application. As part of the paint removal and coating application, the project included extensive concrete restoration of the bridge piers and caps. Class V coating was also applied to the water-cleaned concrete surfaces after completion of the concrete restoration. Overall, the project was extremely challenging due to the hazardous paint removed with close proximity to Jackson Memorial Hospital, Miami/Dade County Courthouse and the environmentally sensitive Miami River. BPA worked diligently with the SSPC Certified Contractor to provide an on-schedule, high quality project with minimal impact to the public and ecological surroundings. The new three coat (zinc-epoxy-urethane) paint system on the steel superstructure and Class V-coated concrete substructure will be enjoyed by residents and visitors for years to come.

================



======= Instance Index 27173 =========
Input Text: Context: Jesse faced every fear.

Question: What will Others want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: jessie faced poor

B: faced every fear

C: jessie faced a mad

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.813116
Retrieved Text: Me.-Farmington: E - Jimmy Parks; Nate Pushard. 2B - Nick Attaliades-Ryan. HR - Kevin Carter. RBI - Nick Attaliades-Ryan; Riley Chickering; Kevin Carter 5. GIDP - Taylor Lockhart 2.
Husson: E - Jesse Colford. 2B - Conor Maguire; Stefen Strachan. RBI - Luke Covey; Stefen Strachan; Mike Wong. SB - Conor Maguire.
Me.-Farmington: Batters Faced - Nate Pushard 28; Brett Elliott 5. HBP - Nate Pushard.
Husson: Batters Faced - Jacob Gauvin 8; Jesse Colford 23; Dustin Smith 3. HBP - Jesse Colford 2.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.446114
Retrieved Text: Attempted Murder – People v. Jesse B.
Jesse, along with a co-defendant, was accused of five counts of attempted murder with a handgun, and of being a gang member. He faced multiple life terms if the charges were found true. After the trial, the jury rejected all of the prosecutor’s arguments against my client. While his co-defendant was convicted, Jesse was found not guilty of all the charges and released from jail.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.730648
Retrieved Text: Jesse Spencer Dishes on ‘Chicago Fire’/’Chicago P.D.’ Crossover – What to Expect!
Spencer teased, “It starts off on 'P.D.' with a bombing suspect who's on the loose. They enlist the experts on ‘Fire’ to help catch him, and it all comes to a head at the end of the ‘Fire’ episode."
Before the crossover happens, Jesse and co-star Taylor Kinney will be faced with “a lot of action” on tonight’s episode.
Former “NYPD Blue” star Kim Delaney recently signed on to play Taylor’s mom on the NBC show.
Jesse decided not to pursue the family business and instead became an actor after being part of the Australian Boys Choir.
“Chicago Fire” airs Thursday nights on NBC.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.677114
Retrieved Text: Tax pro and entrepreneur Casimiro Jesse Peña sits with Jeff and Andy as Tax Pro Nation’s first guest on the show to talk about client care. Jesse goes deep into the insights that have helped him grow his tax career and why client care is truly the key.
So many tax pros find themselves facing challenges that prevent their growth either personally or professionally. In this episode, Jesse shares vulnerably and openly about the challenges he faced and how he overcame them.
Humility, consistency, care, effort, empathy, patience. These are all things Jesse embodies that have made all the difference for him.
As we talk through his career, we get to The Pronto Path step of Multiplication, where Jesse finds himself today. Compare notes with Jesse as he talks about the struggle of finding team members who care about the client, who are leaders, and who have what it takes to overcome challenges tax pros face today.
Jesse serves the Latino community in the area of tax preparation and immigration services. He shares his views around serving this community and the next generation of young Latinos deciding how to do their taxes.
A 25-year veteran tax pro and entrepreneur who specializes in small business tax preparation.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.583511
Retrieved Text: Game Description: The home Jesse left so long ago — Beacontown — has succumbed to the iron rule of the Admin. Menacing guards patrol the streets, frightened citizens tremble in fear, and worst of all, everyone believes Jesse is responsible thanks to the Admin’s devious disguise. In order to save the city, the real Jesse must find a way to zap the Admin’s powers and take him down once and for all… Episode five of a five part episodic game series.
Purchase of this additional content requires Minecraft: Story Mode – Season Two – Episode 1.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.561874
Retrieved Text: When I got my first position at an HIV/AIDS organization in 1987, I thought the job would be my last. I was HIV positive, living in Los Angeles and surrounded by fear and dying. How could I possibly be here to type this blog to you now?
It's a blessing and a curse of sorts. Why me, why now ... why ask why?
If you've been faced with your own mortality -- whether it was 20 years ago like me or if you tested HIV positive last week -- there comes a time when you have to ask what the meaning of this diagnosis is. That confusion and sense of meaninglessness was the engine of my drug addiction (or did the addiction create the loss of meaning?). At any rate, I talked to three key people who helped me sort it out: Dr. Jesse Peel, who is a retired psychiatrist living with AIDS; my own physician, Dr. David Morris; and a longtime gay Christian activist, Rev. Chris Glaser.
It turns out there is a common thread in their beliefs and worldviews. I hope you enjoy their takes on life, death and meaning. And I look forward to your own opinions of what the hell (or heaven) our existence means!
In the meantime, my friends, please be well. And good luck on your journey.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.526218
Retrieved Text: Walter White & Jesse Pinkman’s Fleetwood Bounder,,In the TV series, Walt and Jesse turned the Fleetwood Bounder RV into a mobile crystal meth lab, which soon became their hiding place and sanctuary to work in without fear. ‘The Crystal Ship’ as it is dubbed later, symbolizes the relationship between Walt and Jesse and the state of their business. It broke down when it needed to and worked when it needed to. Eventually both, the relationship and the RV are crushed into pieces. ,,You now have an immortalised vehicle to remind you of the show.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.421577
Retrieved Text: The Bard of the Blanco, Ernie Lee, is a Texas award-winning poet from Canyon Lake, Texas. Ernie writes a continuing column in the Hill Country Sun magazine. He is a songwriter (BMI), storyteller, author, and poet of long standing in the region. Ernie is married and lives in Canyon Lake, Texas with his lovely wife Donna.
Rules are set in stone – that is until someone shatters that rock and all hell breaks loose. A determined oil driller uses an illegal fracking method, causing a devastating earthquake and fire which destroys much of San Antonio. Cave explorers, Jesse and Jake, are trapped in the dark with a monster crocodile, long thought to be extinct – Aquasaurus – a forty-foot, 8-ton descendent of Carnufex – “The Butcher”. World-class rock climber, Rita, must overcome her lifelong fear of darkness to rescue her boyfriend Jesse. A state senator must juggle her fear losing a child, with the greater need of thousands of disaster survivors. A businessman must deal with the fear of losing a business his dying father spent a lifetime building. Why is Rita afraid of the dark? What happens when Aquasaurus escapes from the cave system and runs loose among disaster survivors? What will happen if the dangerous crocodile escapes into the Gulf of Mexico? Fear can cause people to react in unpredictable ways. Fear can distort judgment, and cause likeable people to commit irrational acts. Fear can masquerade as bravado. Fear can paralyze. Fear can provide a cover for the truth. The problem with fear, is we

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.211784
Retrieved Text: "And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots: And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD."
Moslems note that the name Jesse is a contraction of the name Ishmael. On the basis of this they claim that the prophecy is of a descendent of Ishmael and not of Jesse. The prophecy tells us that he will be a success as a statesman and a leader of men. This, they assert, could only be Muhammad. This claim is further supported by asking the question why Jesus would be referred to as a son of the relatively obscure Jesse when he could have been described as a Son of David.
The origin of the name Jesse may be a contraction of Ishmael, but Jesse and Ishmael are distinct and different people. Ishmael the son of Hagar is never called Jesse and Jesse the father of David is never called Ishmael. Thus the prophecy is of someone descended from Jesse the father of David.
Bring in a kingdom of complete peace (Isa. 11:6-9).
Regather the nation of Israel into the land of Palestine (Isa. 11:12-16).
The return of Jesus will see these prophecies fulfilled, but Muhammad will never fulfill them.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.164722
Retrieved Text: Directed by Daryn Tufts. With Christopher Gorham, Alyssa Milano, Michael Landes, Carol Kane. Jesse meets Ethan, someone she could finally fall in love with. My Girlfriend's Boyfriend is a American romantic comedy PG rated film written and directed by Daryn Tufts, and stars Alyssa Milano, Christopher Gorham , Plot - Release. My Girlfriend's Boyfriend is a classic love story turned upside down, a romantic comedy that blends a warm sincerity with fresh, stylized.
24 Feb - 46 sec - Uploaded by My Girlfriend's Boyfriend Full Movie () My Girlfriend's Boyfriend FULL MOVIE | My Girlfriend's Boyfriend FULL MOVIE | My. 11 Apr - 3 min - Uploaded by DiamondTrailers Jesse meets Ethan, someone she could finally fall in love with, but then she meets Troy, and. My Girlfriend's Boyfriend. ()IMDb minPGSubtitles and Closed Captions. Jesse meets two Mr. Rights in a day. She is faced with the choice of.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.721157
Retrieved Text: Southern Wesleyan U.: E - Izzy Martinez; Ike Thalassinos; Quinton Bent. 2B - Julio Justo; Andrew Falgiano. RBI - Izzy Martinez 3; Jesse Getford; Julio Justo; Quinton Bent 2.
Barton College: E - Danny Rodriguez; Landry Moore; Ryan Pifer. 2B - Danny Rodriguez; Ricks Dearing 2. RBI - Troy Maslowski; Hunter Little; Chase Riker 2; Noah Almond. GIDP - Danny Rodriguez.
Southern Wesleyan U.: Batters Faced - Tj McEvilly 28; Josh Antwine 8; Roth Mathews 6; Kyle Cook-Mccrary 6.
Barton College: Batters Faced - Trent Fennell 26; Landry Moore 7; Ryan Pifer 7; Chase Long 5.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.675133
Retrieved Text: See The Video For Jesse Mac Cormack's Song, 'Give A Chance' : All Songs Considered Jesse Mac Cormack's song "Give a Chance," follows humans making their way across the ordeals of life — with rope as a metaphor — towards that proverbial light that everyone tries to have in them.
I didn't know what it was about this song that enthralled me. Then Jesse Mac Cormack, the Montreal songwriter told me this: "My initial goal was to write a song using African ternary rhythm in order to create a trance in concert." So, now, as I listen. I hear those repetitive patterns; they're in his rhythm tracks and also in the three-word patterns he uses. The lyrics are, as Jesse told me, about "the birth and death of relationships, how you must let them go when seasons change when it's time to look for new paths. There is no shortcut for those things. You have to go through them."
The frenetic-paced, somewhat manic imagery in this video amplifies Jesse Mac Mac Cormack's intense song. When asked about this imagery, director Frédérique Bérubé wrote back with what at first seemed like a random quote from the biologist Henri Laborit: "Faced with an ordeal, man has only three choices: fight, do nothing, or flee." It felt more succinct than random after I gave it more thought. Frédérique Bérubé went on to say that "in the video for 'Give a Chance,' we follow humans making their way across the multiple ordeals of life — with rope as a metaphor — towards

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.598368
Retrieved Text: Jesse spoke once again to the Encino Oaks Republican Women Federated, as he’s done two years prior. The group held a luncheon at a sportsman’s lodge on Valentine’s Day, also Ash Wednesday. Many of the ladies came up and talked with him before he spoke, having seen him on Newsmax TV. He gave an encouraging message that left the women (and men!) there more hopeful and confident in their fight for the country and for California.
Jesse reiterated his message that we are in a spiritual battle of good versus evil, right versus wrong. It’s not physical, and it’s not personal. So-called “racism” and “sexism” don’t exist, nor any other “-phobia” or “-ism.” Jesse told personal stories of how he overcame anger through forgiveness. When you don’t have anger, you don’t have fear. You love all people, and you know how to fight evil with good. Jesse said that he is glad that evil is revealing itself in people today. Now we can deal with that evil, as we also see President Trump doing. Donald Trump sets a great example: Nothing gets him down!
Many people in attendance bought Jesse’s recent book,The Antidote: Healing America from the Poison of Hate, Blame and Victimhood, as well as his first book,From Rage to Responsibility. Thank you very much to theEncino Oaks Republican Women Federatedfor hosting Jesse once again.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.59636
Retrieved Text: Congratulations to two of our scholarship fencers, Sholto Douglas and Jesse Morris, for their recent international performances.
Sholto and Jesse competed in the Individual Senior Men's Foil at the Fleuret de St-Petersbourg, finishing 118th and 112th respectively, and then joined Lucas Webber and Edward Fitzgerald in representing Australia in the Men's Foil Team event at the Coupe du Monde par équipe. Unfortunately, in round 1 they faced the USA, an incredibly tough team that included Race Imboden and Miles Chamley-Watson, and were knocked out.
They also competed in the Shanghai Grand Prix, in which Sholto finished 56th after losing 9-15 to Germany's Peter Joppich, currently ranked 14th in the world. This bout can be watched on YouTube.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.27227
Retrieved Text: Let's suppose you've just met the dead ringer for your all-time favorite actor and major heartthrob, Jesse Dent. Let's also suppose this dead ringer invites you to work and live with him on his secluded ranch in the beautiful Hawaii. Would you jump at the opportunity? Of course you would! And that's exactly what Samantha does. She can't find it in herself to resist the charms of her new employer and he feels exactly the same. Together, the pair of them must overcome the many obstacles thrown into their path by fate. The mere fact that Alex looks exactly like Jesse Dent causes them all kinds of complications, but when Alex is faced with his own dark past, he wonders if he can ever overcome it enough to give Samantha the love she so deeply desires and richly deserves.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.111841
Retrieved Text: Why I Can’t Go Back - A statement by Rev. Jesse L. Jackson, Sr.
Read more about Why I Can’t Go Back - A statement by Rev. Jesse L. Jackson, Sr.
Heads of state and key representatives of the African Diaspora to join three-day celebration of the future of Africa.
When leaders at the highest levels challenge the patriotism and birthplace of President Obama, it dishonors the Presidency and sows the seeds of fear, and hatred and potential violence in our nation.
As Congress passed the historic health care legislation this weekend it also overhauled America's student loan program.
Rev. Jesse L. Jackson on Historic Healthcare Legislation, "The Right Thing to Do"
Read more about Rev. Jesse L. Jackson on Historic Healthcare Legislation, "The Right Thing to Do"
March 17, 1946 Jackie Roosevelt Robinson made his professional debut as a member of the Montreal Royals in the Daytona Beach ballpark that now bears his name. One year later, Robinson would break Major League Baseball's color barrier and earn the inaugural Rookie of the Year Award as a member of the Brooklyn Dodgers. Robinson batted .311 in ten Major League seasons and was named the National League's Most Valuable Player. Robinson was elected into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962, 16 years after his historic debut in Daytona Beach.
This year marks the PUSH for Excellence 12th Annual HBCU Tour.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.096807
Retrieved Text: Growing up, Jesse Alejandro Cottrell never knew exactly how his uncle and middle namesake, Alejandro Mendoza, died, but he did know that the Guatemalan government murdered Alejandro. The story went that in the 1970s, Alejandro was involved with the leftist guerrilla rebels fighting the country’s authoritarian regime, a regime that eventually killed him for his activism. After killing Alejandro, government soldiers visited the Mendoza household and told the family to not investigate Alejandro’s death unless they wanted to suffer the same fate. And so the family kept their mouths shut, even amongst themselves. These broad strokes of a story were all Jesse ever heard of his uncle’s death.
But a couple of years ago on a visit to Guatemala, Jesse encountered a very different story of how Alejandro died. In this story, Alejandro was a brawler. And one night at a bar in a small town, he got into a fight over a woman with the son of the local mayor. The mayor’s son called in help, and Alejandro was stabbed to death in the bar.
So Jesse set out to find the truth. Was his uncle’s death a crime of passion or a crime of politics? After interviewing several members of his family, another bigger story emerged. One in which fear resonates down through generations and memory is as much a casualty as flesh.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.019278
Retrieved Text: Jesse Caplan's film details the experience of a young Thornhill woman whose voice box was damaged due to complications related to her premature birth. Melinda Sunderdas describes the struggle she faced navigating a childhood fraught with judgment, and the ways in which she overcame her differences and learned to embrace herself and her individuality. This video is the third-prize winner in TVO's Short Doc Contest 2018.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.985888
Retrieved Text: Many consider Breaking Bad to be one of the best shows on television, myself included. With great character moments, and plot points, this show has never failed to grab my attention. I was super excited for this season, and now that we are almost halfway through there is one word that can sum it up: mediocre. While this week’s episode had a great many character moments, the plot once again took a hit, as Vince and his gang tread the same ground that we have become all too familiar with in the last few episodes. Never the less, the great character moments, especially Walt’s and Skyler’s, outshined this issue and pulled this episode from out of the corner and into the light.
This week’s episode solely focused on Walt and Jesse, and their crumbling relationship. As Jesse continues to perform odd jobs around town with Mike, Walt is confronted by Skyler who has now come to piece certain events together: mainly Walt’s connection to Gale and the fear that whoever killed him will come after Walt. As Walt says he doubt it there is some disbelief in his eyes, as that simple doubt reflects his crumbling relationship with Jesse. Despite not tying that one piece together, Anna Gunn continues to shine as Skyler in this season, as everything she says is so sharp and straight to the point. “You’re in over your head”, she blatantly tells Walt as he stares at her in disbelief. The thing is she is absolutely right. Walt can no longer hold everything

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.92297
Retrieved Text: I’m really interested in what you think will become of my third egg.
The first born is David. You can see a small black streak on his left fore head. The second born is Jesse. He does not have this little black streak.
I’ve never had three hatchlings before. David and Jesse are getting very strong and aggressively taking the food that I offer. You know what I’m talking about. If this third egg hatches he/she is going to have a heck of a time getting his/her share of food.
Knowing Mother Nature the way I do, I have my own thoughts.
Third egg probably lost. David and Jesse have too much of a age and size advantage. The third, if hatched won’t be able to compete. Due to the time delay, it is probably not hatching anyway and Harriett or Ozzie will remove it from the nest within another couple days. So sorry Harriett & Ozzie.
Nature is often full of surprises. I honestly hope this will be one but I fear this little third hatchling has the odds stacked against him/her.
The 3rd egg remains in the incubating sunshine. We might all be surprised.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.882597
Retrieved Text: Katrina: I approached Jesse with the idea during a heart to heart outside of Dekalb Theatre one night. We were both in similar places in life. I had already planned on touring north for these dates but didn’t really want to go alone, which is different for me since I’m kind of a loner anyway. Asking Just Friends felt right. I didn’t have to think about it much. And here we are.
Jesse: JF was reaching a point in which Dakota and I were gearing up for the next installment in our collective, and personally i did not want to have another 2016. I was ready to tour. I was ready to jam and write and get out of the area for a bit. Katrina and I had a lengthy conversation at a local show around new years, and she ended up mentioning a possible tour. It felt right.
Dakota: Katrina invited Just Friends to join her on this run and it just seemed like a perfect pairing, musically! We’ve all played together in the past so we’re comfortable playing together, and the two projects are similar enough to have chemistry but different enough to keep us all on our toes and keep the set interesting.
Jesse: the word tour encompasses everything it means to be a musician, and an artist really. it’s a continual pace of attempting to win new people over to your way of seeing the world, and opening yourself up completely in the most venerable way. These people have no idea who I am, which

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.865772
Retrieved Text: For nearly seven years and 92 issues (this marks, officially, number 92) Jesse has pushed herself to hike mountains, climb rocks, and camp solo in the pouring rain.
In any gym, there's a shrill squeak of sneakers against the polished wood floor, and the echoing thud of a basketball. More often than not, if you're a good shot, there's a swish of the net.
​Sometimes all we need is a little travel to put our senses in order.
Jesse faces her ice climbing fear, after postponing it for many years.
Jesse has known she loved to travel at seven and her first gallery Wanderlust at The Arts Station features photos from her many adventures in life.
Jesse's first house was a simple house and one day over the fence her neighbour, Alfonso Elia, handed her some homegrown beans, even one time a bottle of wine. Leading to stories of wine creation and history.
Wanderlust is a series of photographs, a collection of visual stories, from three adventures across oceans in less than a year. The exhibit features the remotely wild lands of Iceland, the warm beaches and forests of Australia, and the vibrant, pink-flowered, whitewashed alleys of Greece.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.812487
Retrieved Text: The urge to speak no ill of the dead is a powerful one. And it was on full display this week as former Senator Jesse Helms was laid to rest. Although one brave North Carolina state employee, L.F. Eason, resisted that urge when he refused to lower the flag at his state lab to honor Helms and was forced to retire.
Republican leaders including Vice President Cheney attended Helms' funeral. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky eulogized Helms as one of the "kindest men" in Congress, and said, "no matter who you were, he always had a thoughtful word and a gentle smile."
Which is a load of crap. Clearly, McConnell saw the charming face Helms could present to the world when he wanted to. But the real Jesse Helms oozed out nearly every time he opened his mouth to slander those who didn't agree with him. He claimed "crime rates and irresponsibility among Negroes are a fact of life which must be faced" in a 1981 New York Times interview, and in 1963 asked, "Are civil rights only for Negroes? White women in Washington who have been raped and mugged on the streets in broad daylight have experienced the most revolting sort of violation of their civil rights."
Helms reserved his full disgust for gays and lesbians, who he called "weak, morally sick wretches" (1994), accused of engaging in "incredibly offensive and revolting conduct" (1990), and warned his constituents to beware "homosexuals, lesbians, disgusting people marching in the streets, demanding all sorts of things, including the right

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.762989
Retrieved Text: Jesse sat back in his seat and thought about the first time he met Aunt “Quiet” and Uncle “Loud”. That’s what he called them at the family gathering when he was 5, back when his parents were alive. He noticed that Aunt Quiet would only respond by nodding or shaking her head and would rarely squeak out a yes or no. And even though it was summer, she wore a long-sleeve shirt and pants. On the contrary, Uncle Loud talked all the time, non-stop. And he was loud. He always had something to say about this or that. Sometimes when he disagreed he would get into people’s faces and raise his voice even louder. When the other person would look scared, he would let out a belly laugh and say he was only joking. No one really liked Uncle Loud, but he was family.
When Jesse’s parents died, it was Uncle Loud that insisted that Jesse would come live with them. Aunt Quiet and Uncle Loud had no kids. Uncle Loud blamed Aunt Quiet. So, the day after the funeral, Uncle Loud and Aunt Quiet took Jesse back to their town.
Uncle Loud was the mayor of a small town. And he was rich, having made a lot of money in business. The town loved Uncle Loud. He was always good to those who agreed with him. He took care of his friends and made sure the town had everything it needed. Uncle Loud was always able to make things happen.
The first two weeks living with Aunt Quiet

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.75465
Retrieved Text: Despite threatening weather, Ohio State performed well against competition from across the nation at the 25th Jesse Owens Track Classic on Friday and Saturday.
More than 20 events were held under overcast skies, on a puddle-covered track and through breezy conditions. But the Buckeyes overcame these obstacles.
Latoya Sanderson, who ran the third leg of the Buckeyes’ second-place women’s 4×400 relay, echoed Boepke’s attitude.
She said she didn’t mind the water, but she was running into the wind down the home stretch.
With participants from as far as the University of Alabama and Mississippi State University, the Buckeyes faced different competition than usual.
“You see where you’re at going in to the Big Ten [Championships],” Sanderson said.
In the 100-meter hurdles, sophomore All-American Christina Manning (13.10 seconds) and Letecia Wright (13.15) took home the top two spots for the Buckeyes.
Manning, Wright, Sanderson and sophomore Shaniqua McGinnis also won the 4×100 relay with a time of 45.53.
OSU sophomore Thomas Murdaugh ran a Big Ten-best time of 45.96 in the 400, but came in third at the meet.
Mississippi State freshman Tavaris Tate ran 45.26 to win, the third-best time in Division I.
Mississippi State also set the Jesse Owens Stadium record in the 4×400 relay with a time of 3:05.70. OSU finished second with a season-best time of 3:06.69.
OSU graduate Jesse Owens earned eight NCAA Championships in 1935 and 1936.
In 1935 at the Western Conference Championships, Owens set world records in the broad jump, the 220-yard dash and the 220-yard low hurdles. He also tied the world record in the 100-yard dash, according to the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.645231
Retrieved Text: I wrote this blog in November, 2016, shortly after we said goodbye to Jesse and Wrangler. With so much loss, I wasn't able to post it then.
It's been a week since we said goodbye to Jesse and Wrangler. We had hoped that they would be with us longer. But their time came sooner than we expected.
Our veterinarian was out two weeks previously. Pete, Dr. Kennedy and I agreed that that was not the day. The pair were enjoying the sun and grooming each other. Maybe it would be in a week, a month, several months or more. But today was not the day. Pete and I were relieved. The horses were enjoying the day. There was peace.
Just two weeks later we were faced with the need to say goodbye to them. Jesse injured her leg and it was severe. She had been laying down a lot to release the pressure on her knee. There was a large bulge above her knee and she was limping badly. We treated her with bute daily over the week but it did not help. The vet felt that with the severity of the injury, her age and winter coming that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to give her quality of life. Jesse was declining and it was becoming clear to us that there were no humane solutions and we needed to seriously think about euthanasia.
We had the vet out on a friday afternoon, after I got off work. I've been present for the euthanasia of 15 other equines,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.639353
Retrieved Text: Mike M and Mike S talk about a recent Wall Street Journal article, Authors Feel Pinch in Age of E-Books, about how ebooks are undercutting author profits, and Mike S has a few issues with the numbers used in the article.
To read all of Stackpole's commentary on it, head on over to his website.
Interview: This week, Mike and Mike chat with Jesse Petersen, author of the "Living With the Dead" series, the first book of which is Married With Zombies.
Jesse talks about the inspiration for the first book and the series, balancing character voice, humor, marriages and relationships, and of course, methods of killing zombies.
How long would your relationship last when faced with the pressures of a zombie apocalypse? Take the Quiz and Find Out!
You guys should interview Joe Konrath he has co written ( as Jack Kilborn) a book called Draculas. More importantly though he is as big a booster of e-books as you are. The crossing of the streams would be awesome.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.62975
Retrieved Text: "Fear, which can come upon people in difficult days, is a principal weapon in the arsenal which Satan uses to make mankind unhappy. He who fears loses strength for the combat of life in the fight against evil. Therefore the power of the evil one always tries to generate fear in human hearts. In every age and in every era, mankind has faced fear.
"As children of God and descendants of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, we must seek to dispel fear from among people. A timid, fearing people cannot do their work well, and they cannot do God's work at all. The Latter-day Saints have a divinely assigned mission to fulfill which simply must not be dissipated in fear and anxiety."
In the classic Book of Mormon passage Pres. Hunter references, Nephi encourages us to be filled, not just with hope, but with "a perfect brightness of hope." What a vivid description! And what a challenge that can be in the midst of the trials and challenges of life.
I love Pres. Hunter's elaboration. We don't achieve that kind of deep-souled calmness and assurance just by superficial means. It comes only when "our faith and hope are anchored in Christ, in his teachings, commandments, and promises."
Labels: Christ, faith, fear, hope, Hunter Howard W.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.616169
Retrieved Text: The landscape of this world is slowly changing for the worst. The fear is becoming more and more real and of course the more we fear the less we love.
This world that was created in the name of love is being completely ruined by fear. Make no mistake about it, as you read this, fear is steadily consuming this world.
Now the question is why? Why do we allow fear to enter into our minds and plague our hearts? What actually fuels fear? In other words, how is this destructive emotion that we call fear created?
Well, from my perspective ‘fear’ is created only from man-made ideas that we embrace and then accept, by believing that these man-made ideas are true. Meaning; there are certain ‘ideas’ that we all live by that construct our reality and form our fears. Thus, the Religious ‘IDEA’ of this Universe is without a doubt one the most ‘destructive ideas’ every created by the minds of man that formulate the world’s fears!
It is quite obvious that no one knows the ‘true’ origin of this Universe and in my opinion to presume that you know ‘Who’ specifically represents this Universe is not only absurd—but blaspheme in itself.
It is the ‘selfish’ and extremely ‘outdated’ man-made ideas of this Universe that has now and will forever create turmoil in this world.
Please allow me to be crystal clear; no matter who runs this Country, if they are under the false impression that we are at War with a group of Militant Thugs or Religious Radicals; then this

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.549568
Retrieved Text: When I first heard the work of Canadian musician Jesse Thom, I was brought to tears. His music is haunting, ethereal and emotive, yet clear, honest and innocent. I knew immediately that we had to work together on a project. Waiting for the Birds to Strike is the result.
The timing of my introduction to Jesse was particularly synchronous. The song Jesse sent me, Waiting for the Birds to Strike, arrived just after co-investigator Olivier Berreville and I returned from a Granny’s Poultry turkey barn, where, contrary to company management assurances, we documented the same cruel and abusive loading of baby turkeys that we had two years prior (turkeys reach slaughter-weight at just a few months of age, still blue-eyed and peeping). We trailed the terrified turkeys to Granny’s slaughterhouse in Blumenort, Manitoba feeling absolutely helpless to stop their killing.
The next day, we received a call from a supporter in the area telling us they’d found two shivering, ragged turkeys in the ditch. The birds must have escaped their captors during the catching. We ran out, picked up the bedraggled bundles of bones and feathers and brought them home.
The footage in the music video shows their rescue. Breaking through the darkness of their experience we see Sophie on Olivier’s lap in the car. Just 2 hours later, and now home, we see Katie, exhausted, sleeping on my lap, while Sophie peeps for her mother, then breaking through her fear, slowly approaches me to finally stretch her head back and lay it against my shoulder in what can

================



======= Instance Index 26274 =========
Input Text: Context: Bailey was really hard.

Question: How would Bailey feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: not hard

B: rugged and outdoorsy

C: bailey was hard

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.839909
Retrieved Text: She, by request of the doctor, was walking a short distance up and down a hallway in the hospital. Her breathing was a bit quicker than normal. "Is this really necessary?! I'm pregnant, my water broke, do you really think I feel like walking??" She snapped, her hormones in an awful state.
The nurse looked frightened. Bailey had been vicious ever since she went into labor. "Yes, Miss Lane. It helps to induce labor more quickly."
She sighed, but kept walking. A few minutes later she stopped and let out a yelp of pain. "Ow!" She gasped. She looked at Blaine helplessly. The young girl didn't have a clue what to do.
The nurse came to her side. "Come, you need to lay down. That was your first contraction. No need to worry." She help Bailey lay down and tried to get her comfortable.
Blaine sighed and held Bailey's hand. "Its alright sweetheart. Just lay back and relax."
Bailey held onto Blaine's hand tightly. "Ok..." She nodded, and took a deep breath. "I love you." Reaching her hand that wasn't holding his, up to run it lightly through Blaine's hair, was comforting to her. "Are you ok?" It was only other people that she was vicious to. She was sweet to Blaine. He had a feeling of home, and he was her light in the darkness of the outside world.
The lack of communication from Blaine didn't help to comfort her. Bailey just relaxed, letting herself nearly fall asleep, and another contraction would hit. She bit her lip but didn't even gasp

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.697443
Retrieved Text: The following review is based on a copy I got from the publisher via edelweiss in exchange for my honest opinion.
I’d heard a lot about Jennifer Echols’ amazing contemporary novels but had never read any, so when I got the chance to be on this tour I just had to take it! Though there were some things about Dirty Little Secret that didn’t sit completely well with me, I was very impressed with the characterization and I loved the description of the music and what it meant for Bailey to perform!
Even though I am not at all well-versed in the country music or bluegrass scene, I ended up enjoying that aspect of an unknown-to-me but still familiar world a lot! When we first meet Bailey, she has a very jaded attitude to music or at least that’s how she wants to appear. After playing on bluegrass festivals for years with her sister, she feels like she’s seen and done it all. The chord successions are always the same and she thinks of musicians as interchangeable building blocks of a song. However, it’s clear that Bailey’s anger at being shut off from her sister’s music deal and from the rest of her family is responsible for her changed view.
Ever since her sister got signed and she didn’t, Bailey has had a hard time at home. The record company forbade her to publicly perform or basically do anything to do with music, and since her parents backed that, Bailey had to obey (or else). So she rebelled in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.264881
Retrieved Text: The story "A Good Man is Hard to Find" is written by Flannery O&apos;Conner. The short story published in 1953 is based on Southern point of view criticizing stereotypes that often go on from old traditions and ignorance of what is sought to be right or wrong. The grandmother portrays her ignorance throughout the story by her opinionated judgments that she makes, giving the reader details of the views on racism at the time.
In O&apos;Connor&apos;s short story, she utilizes irony on Bailey&apos;s mother. She views herself as a proper southern lady. Her actions reveal that she is indeed not who she lives up to be a gossiper, liar, and uses racial language as evidence to which she really is. The grandmother was not very Christian like, despite her claims and beliefs. She was selfish, rude, and never took responsibility when she was to blame. The astronomical odds of meeting the Misfit by chance or coincidence cause us to questions: is fate something you have control over?
The plot of the story is focused on Gothicism. It starts off when a family decides to go on a trip to Florida, and the misfortune of encountering with the "Misfit." In the beginning the grandmother represents to the reader of what type of person she really is, a polite, sweet old lady who follows old traditions. The irony occurs when she encounters the Misfit which caused her to reach out to him. In the end, the Misfit causes the grandmother to see who she really is; he had a better

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.928804
Retrieved Text: ROGERSVILLE — The Hawkins County Board of Education honored faculty and administrators from its four 2018 Reward Schools at Thursday’s meeting, but it was interim Director of Schools Reba Bailey who really poured on the accolades.
If anyone has the right to praise those Reward Schools, it’s Bailey, who was the county’s testing coordinator in 2017-18, when the work leading up to the Reward School status was taking place.
The change takes into account achievement scores, growth, the performance of underserved subgroups such as children living in poverty, minorities, disabled students and English as a second language students.
It also looks at absenteeism, graduation rates and ACT test scores.
Of the 1,814 public schools in Tennessee, only 318 earned Reward School status, including Carters Valley Elementary, Clinch School, Hawkins Elementary and Mount Carmel Elementary.
As faculty and principals from each of those schools came up to pose for a photo with the school board Thursday evening, Bailey shared her observations on how each school achieved this success.
A faculty meeting with Central Office staff was called at the end of the day on a Friday afternoon, and Bailey admitted the staff probably thought they were in trouble, but the opposite was the case.
“Clinch is a unique situation as a K-12 school — about 150 (students) K-12. They have to work across all 12 grade levels for their achievement. Again, I’ve had an opportunity to work with this staff through Title 1 and working with data. They’re a very focused staff. I’ve learned a lot from them. I’ve been in the classrooms visiting

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.82008
Retrieved Text: Bailey Tuddenham has a heart as big as some of the mountains he has climbed in the past few weeks. The Invermay 12-year-old last week completed the 96km Kokoda Track through the rugged forests of Papua New Guinea – a trek he used to raise money for the KIDS Foundation. During the past three months of training, Bailey hiked up Black Hill but it did little to prepare him for the rigours of the demanding hike. “The hardest was probably day two and three when we had to get up very big hills. They were very hard and they were long days and in some places I was climbing on my hands and knees,” he said. Bailey, his grandfather and uncle, and 17 other group members took eight days to complete the walk, starting about 6am and arriving at camp between 12 noon and 4pm most days. “Luckily it was dry over there and it didn’t rain but it was very challenging, though at the same time the landscape and war history was great,” he said. Training consisted of long walks through bush, hot yoga, cycling, gym sessions, runs and footy training which gave him the fitness to complete the trek. Although he had completed a school project about Kokoda, Bailey admits he didn’t really understand it until he arrived. Bailey is no stranger to covering vast distances on foot. Two years ago he walked 43km from Daylesford to Lake Wendouree, and last year he completed Australia’s 11 highest peaks in four days, both as fundraisers

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.713655
Retrieved Text: Port Huron High School senior golfer Nick Bailey is the Times Herald Athlete of the Week.
Nick Bailey has never stopped working to improve.
When Bailey arrived at Port Huron High School four years ago, he was already one of the best prep golfers in the Blue Water Area. But that hasn't stopped him from working to further develop his craft.
"As a freshman, he was averaging a 40 or 41 and was already accomplished," Port Huron coach Dan Perkins said. "Each year he has gotten better and better. He's worked so hard on his game. It's natural to see him continue to rise and get better."
Bailey was recently named Times Herald Athlete of the Week after impressive performances against Marysville and St. Clair. Troy Webster of Marine City Cardinal Mooney, Carley Barjaktarovich of Richmond and Alexis Wiltse of Brown City were also considered for the award.
Bailey is now averaging 36.5 during competitions as he continues to storm through the area.
"I've been playing all year round," Bailey said. "Last year, my junior year, I practiced all summer. I know where I'm going to play in college is a bigger level. My brother being an assistant golf pro has been helpful because I have been practicing and practicing."
As he nears the end of his high school athletic career, Bailey's impact has become even more pronounced.
"I'm going to miss his general leadership and the fact that we could book on having the lowest score every match," coach Perkins said. "He is really good with the young kids too. He showed them

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.5717
Retrieved Text: If I put my gerbil in my doll house... and other things!
Bailey Thompson looks at life through a different set of lenses.
Which is terrific for the rest of us.
She's about to publish her first book, Yellow Socks and Blood Spots, about a pregnant, unpartnered teenage girl who has a big decision to make. It will be published under a pseudonym (Jade Cumberland) because her real passion is kids' books. Today being what it is, Bailey knows as her kids books get out there, googling her name may bring up Yellow Socks... and that's not a kids book.
She went through i-universe, an online self-publishing company. "I wrote the first chapter of Yellow Socks and was hooked to write this book. It took me a year. "It will be published May 15 in hard cover, soft cover, ebook and online," she says. "I worked with i-universe and they did an editorial evaluation of my plot, and sent me amazing tips," she says. They will print the book as required, too.
But it's the gerbils that really have her attention right now. Owner of two gerbils, Bailey has always played with the wee animals and then one day went to the basement and retrieved the victorian dollhouse she'd had as a child. "I remembered when I was little that I really wanted to be able to get into my dollhouse and play in it," she says. "And then I thought the gerbils could do that. She whipped out her camera, shot them on green screen, imposed them into the dollhouse

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.256414
Retrieved Text: COFFEEVILLE — Coley Little Bailey Jr. was shocked when he found out he had won the Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation’s Young Farmer and Rancher Achievement Award (YFRAA), and even more so when he found out he had taken third place in the national competition.
It was not a shock, however, to Steve Cummings, Bailey’s county extension agent, nor was it a shock to David Waide, president of the Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation.
Waide is ecstatic the Baileys are actively pursuing a career in agriculture.
Waide said there were several reasons Bailey was selected as the state winner by the competition’s independent panel of judges.
Bailey also uses his Super Cub airplane and global positioning technology to monitor his crops. And, Waide added, he knows about soil conservation. But what has impressed Waide about the Baileys is their attitude.
A 1994 graduate of Mississippi State University, Bailey began farming right out of college. He bought into his family’s partnership in 1995 and in 1996 bought his grandfather’s share of the farm.
He now owns 24% of the family farm — about 2,400 acres in Yalobusha and Grenada counties. He credits his family with his success.
“A lot of it would be hard if my family wasn’t already in farming, to have that door for me to come in,” Bailey said.
Since he began farming, Bailey has become involved with his county Farm Service Agency committee, which has kept him informed on available programs. He has also offered some of his land to the MSU Extension Service for test plots.
For winning the state YFRAA, Bailey won

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.880264
Retrieved Text: Football: Oswego East grad Tyran Bailey sets rushing record at Aurora U.
Tyran Bailey (1), a sophomore at Aurora University and an Oswego East graduate, set a single-game rushing record for Aurora in a game against Benedictine on Saturday.
That is, what makes him do what he does, and pushes himself.
He isn't short on inspiration.
Bailey, a sophomore running back at Aurora University and Oswego East graduate, lost his friend Lawrence Joshua earlier this year. A cousin, Darren Iverner, also passed away.
Both were on his mind Saturday.
"They are definitely part of my 'Why,'" Bailey said. "I was thinking about them all week. I wanted to dedicate my game to them."
He did, in spectacular fashion.
Bailey set an AU single-game rushing record with 295 yards in the Spartans' 41-24 win over Benedictine.
"I was definitely ready," Bailey said. "I prepared myself mentally for this game."
Bailey also gave credit where credit was due.
Bailey scored three touchdowns, breaking off 56 and 53-yard touchdowns in the second half.
"I have to give credit to the O-line, all the glory," Bailey said. "My biggest runs, I didn't even get touched. They made it happen. The coaches prepared us mentally and physically. And then of course our scout defense, they prepare us every day."
Bailey started at running back as a junior at Oswego East, but moved to defensive back and was a backup on offense when Ivory-Kelly Martin transferred to East in 2016.
AU coach Rick Ponx jumped at the opportunity to bring in a talented local player. Bailey tore the meniscus in his right knee the summer before

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.739504
Retrieved Text: It's the weekend again! Hope y'all had a great week. Me not so much. If you follow me on instagram and facebook then you know my dog Bailey was very sick. It started on Sunday with a visit to the ER and then she seemed better on Monday. We think it is because they hydrated her with fluids under the skin plus an injection for the vomiting. Anyway on Tuesday she wasn't acting as well as on Monday and she would only eat a few bites of chicken in the morning and then that was it. Wednesday she was eating even less and drinking less, but acted okay. Well, her urine was getting darker and darker since she was going on a pee pad I could see the color. By Thursday morning it was brown so off to the vet we went. Her liver numbers were sky high plus she tested positive for pancreatitis. She has always had a sensitive tummy and we are pretty sure this time it all started with a certain someone, not me, giving her some of his leftover sausage on Saturday. No more rich sausage or anything else for this girl. I don't care how much she bats those brown eyes at him. She spent the night in the hospital as they flushed her with fluids and medications to get her back to normal.
She is on the mend and should come home today! I'm going to give her some extra hugs this weekend, but not any treats she shouldn't have.
Thanks so

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.640131
Retrieved Text: I find myself often wanting to write, but Bailey wants to be held. I can not resist to sit and gaze at her while she coos, smiles, and even fusses. I love how she wants me to cradle her, look at her, and hold her hand while she is trying to relax. She fits perfectly in my arms (and always will). She is beautiful. She has all sorts of new noises she has developed. While she is sleeping you can hear her breath and she lets little awws out as she slowly goes to sleep, when she is looking around she makes noises and tries out her new “voice” as she discovers everything she can see in the world. The best moments are when she stares into my eyes with all the love a baby has for her Mommy, that melts me to pieces (as tears come to my eyes right now).
There are soo many things I do not want to forget about: her stretches, a full body one when she wakes up from her nap- her arms extend soo long, as she wrinkles her face and her legs then go out to the furthest extent; the noise she makes while talking and having her “binkie” in her mouth like a gurgle gurgle la la sound; her heavy breathing while she is asleep (which she is on m lap doing right now) I could spend hours listening to her breath, it is soo peaceful (her Auntie Farrin said we should record it- I need to do

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.49464
Retrieved Text: Introducing Bailey!!! Bailey is graduating from Damonte Ranch High School in the spring. I have had the honor of knowing Bailey since he was just a kid and it has been so awesome to watch him grow into the amazing young man that he has become!! When he is not working on Mustangs with his dad, Bailey is working hard, hanging out with his friends and going to school. He is such an awesome young man and I cannot WAIT to see what he is going to accomplish after graduation! Watch out world, Bailey is coming for you!!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.457008
Retrieved Text: I was so honored to be part of this Indie-Credible Event. When I found out that I was paired with the Bailey Ardisone I was so happy !! Everyone know that I'm her #1 fan!
When I talked to Bailey about what to do with this event we figured out that Mycah and Nari should join in!!
First, thank you three for being on here to talk to me! I know that you all are busy...So, Bailey how difficult is Mycah?
What about Nari? Is she hard to control?
Bailey: Nari is then my easiest character to write, above Mycah. She isn’t hard to control, I’d say, because a lot of the way she acts/thinks is similar to how I would talk/act. Not exactly, but I definitely put a little of myself into her sometimes.
Okay Mycah my next question is for you … how difficult is Bailey? I mean, if you talk to her all the time, why isn’t book 3 done yet?
Mycah: Such a great question, and one I’d like to know the answer to myself. ;) Honestly, she can be difficult because she makes me do things I don’t particularly like doing on occasions.
Oh Mycah, that’s sad. Nari, what about you? How difficult is Bailey to you? I bet she is!
Nari: Hi Mary =D Um, Bailey pretty much listens to everything I tell her so she isn’t too horribly difficult. =) But, there are times she forces me to do things I don’t want to do too!
Nari: haha you pinky promise you won’t tell her??
This makes me a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.396982
Retrieved Text: A Norbury nursery where pre-school children watched an octopus being dissected as part of a science lesson has been given an improved rating of "good" by Ofsted.
Purple Panda Nursery, on Norbury Crescent, was criticised by Ofsted in November 2016 and given the second-lowest possible rating of "requires improvement".
This was after inspectors found that staffing arrangements were "not always secure" and that staff supervision was "not regular enough".
But the education watchdog has now heaped praise on the nursery, which caters for up to 60 children between five months and five years old, after an inspection on October 31.
The latest report, published in November, praised head teacher and director Anthony Bailey for making "great progress" by "evaluating his setting well" and "regularly" monitoring staff at the nursery.
Mr Bailey explained that since the 2016 report, he had "worked hard to make learning fun", including putting on a science lesson where pre-school children could watch an octopus being dissected.
The former lawyer, who gave up his role in law to open the nursery in 2014, said: "The children have a lot of science and cookery lessons, which are great because they involve multiple skills like communication, maths and measurements.
"In one of our recent science lessons at the pre-school, we had an octopus brought in and children were given the chance to watch it being dissected.
"It was a fascinating lesson which involved several skills including biology and communication."
The octopus, Mr Bailey explained, was dead when it was brought in and while children were encouraged to watch as staff completed the process, it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.37204
Retrieved Text: "Nobody would ever say, ‘Randall Bailey’s a good guy, let me give him a shot.’ No-body."
It’s a match that deserved better. But all’s well that ends well, now that the fight between IBF welterweight champion Randall Bailey and Devon Alexander has finally found a venue it can call home.
The fight is scheduled to be broadcast from the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas on Sept. 8, but even that date was in doubt as the fighters’ promoters scrambled to find a suitable arena.
Bailey and his promoter Lou DiBella were dead set against having the fight in Alexander’s hometown, and for good reason.
When I asked Bailey a few weeks back about fighting Alexander in St Louis, he told me, “Everybody wants a handout right now. But when I was out there at 140, I went to Don King’s office and asked to fight Devon when he had nobody to fight. I was searching for a fight. Nobody would ever say, ‘Let me give Randall Bailey a shot. He’s a good guy, so let me give him a shot.’ No-body—including Devon Alexander.
Bailey stuck to his guns. The fight was going to be in Memphis. That got canned. The fight was moved to San Antonio. That got canned. With the clock ticking, the fight crash landed at the Hard Rock in Vegas, a mere three weeks before the opening bell.
Randall Bailey got what he wanted. Now we’ll see if he can catch Devon Alexander and knock him out.
If DA fights him the way he fought Maidana, he

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.133448
Retrieved Text: It isn’t hard to see why Channing Tatum fell for his wife, Jenna. She’s beautiful! (I’ve heard she’s also very funny and very nice, but this is a beauty blog so I’m only concentrating on the superficial here.) I fell in love with Jenna Dewan Tatum’s makeup recently. Her look was created by Celebrity makeup artist, Jake Bailey. He wanted to create a natural, simple but just pretty look to go with the pretty lemon color of her chiffon dress. The look really complements her gown, rather than competing with it.
First Jake prepped Jenna’s skin with Dior Capture Totale Multi-Perfection Crème (at Nordstrom or Sephora).
He applied the Pür Minerals Air Perfection CC Cushion Compact Foundation in Medium (at SkinStore) for a flawless finish, allowing a natural glow to come through. He then put the Pür Minerals Chateau Cheeks Cream Blush in Coy (at ULTA) followed by a small amount of NARS Loose Powder in Beach (at NARS or Nordstrom). Bailey also added Kevyn Aucoin The Celestial Powder in Candlelight (at Nordstrom) on the bridge of her nose, cheekbones and brow bones to add depth to her natural glow.
Next, Jake used a plum shadow to make the green in her eyes pop. He used several shades from the Pür Minerals Soul Mattes Eye Shadow Palette (at ULTA) to apply the eggplant shade on the lid and the taupe shade around the edges to create that smokey, sultry look.
“I then used the Pür Minerals Eye Defining Pencil in Onyx (at DermStore) along the lash line to really define

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.973984
Retrieved Text: Bailey Cooper ‘did everything he set out to do’ and lived long enough to meet his baby sister, Millie.
It’s been over a year since Bailey Cooper died at age 9 of non-Hodgkins lymphoma. But in the months since his death, Bailey’s memory — and the story of his love for his baby sister — have lived on.
Bailey was diagnosed in 2016, at age 8. After his chemotherapy treatments and a relapse, the Coopers, who also have a son, Riley, now 8, learned Rachel was pregnant.
“Bailey was absolutely over the moon when we told him the news, as he was going through chemotherapy again after his first relapse,” Lee Cooper, Bailey’s dad, told TODAY Parents.
As Bailey continued his battle with cancer, he would suggest baby names in the car en route to treatments. When he came up with the name Millie, Lee and Rachel were sold.
“When we broke the news after his second relapse that he wasn’t going to survive the cancer, one of the first things he asked was if he was going to meet his baby sister before going to heaven,” said Cooper.
Bailey did survive to meet baby Millie, who was born on November 30, 2017.
Bailey died a few weeks after Millie’s birth, on December 24, 2017, in a hospice facility near his Bristol, United Kingdom home. Cooper his family stayed by Bailey’s bedside, keeping him comfortable, playing his favorite music and making sure he knew he was not alone in his final moments.
Cooper says his family will work hard to remind both Millie, who

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.935402
Retrieved Text: pctots.org so the organization has enough information to make those decisions.
She added that PC Tots' ability to be flexible to the needs of parents is one of its greatest strengths.
"We can say, 'OK Park City: What do you need?'" Bailey said. "Right now we're looking at holidays, for instance, and discussing things like the fact we could be open on New Year's Day, if there is a need for it. If people need it, we can do it. We're trying to be really responsive."
While the community waits for PC Tots to open, Bailey is encouraging parents to check out the facility. She said parents can schedule a time to meet with her at the care center for a tour, so they can get to know Bailey and the organization.
"It's very important that when you're dropping off your child, you know the people behind it," Bailey said. "You know our mission, you know that there is a face to this. I'd love to talk to any parents and show them the facility and make sure they feel really comfortable."
Bailey is optimistic that parents who meet with her will spread the word and spread even more excitement about PC Tots.
"We're really relying on moms and dads to communicate with one another and tell each other about PC Tots," Bailey said. "In all my experience, the recommendations of other moms matter way more than a website. It's important to us that parents are talking about us and spreading the word that way."
For more information, visit pctots.org.
PC Tots, a new

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.930397
Retrieved Text: George H. Bailey is a male celebrity.
He was born on Tuesday December 22nd 1896, in Melksham, England,.
George H. Bailey is practical, down to earth with strong ideas about right and wrong. He is orderly and organized, systematic and controlled. Decisive and methodical George is employing a step by step rational approach to problems solving, and once committed - he does not give up easily!
Bailey is not one for "get rich quick" schemes. Seeking to establish a solid foundation, George H. Bailey would rather use hard work and long hours to build a business or career. Precise, tenacious and persevering, he has great potential for success, but only after putting out effort and overcoming the limitations he so often encounters. Justice and honesty are sacred to George. He is reliable and dependable, a cornerstone in the community.
Though not an idealist, George H. Bailey is willing to work for a better world in a realistic way. However, he can be rigid in his ideas and sometimes too quick in judging his fellow man. He is loyal to those he loves and works well with others. It is important that while being part of a team Bailey has his own responsibility and well-defined task; he performs better when his responsibilities are not overlapping with those of others. George H. Bailey has to be careful not to be bossy and rude. He possesses rare discipline and perseverance and not everyone can keep up with him.
Bailey's love of work often leads him into a career early in life. Because of his

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.818893
Retrieved Text: Woof, Bailey here. I know most everybody is sick of seeing snow and being stuck inside, but I'm a southern dog and I'm still not quite sure what all this cold white stuff is. If you don't want to see me checking this stuff out then you can move along.
My mom went out early in the morning so she could get some shots before it started melting and as soon as I saw that door open I was out it like a jack rabbit. My mom wasn't real pleased, but I was already covered so she let me stay out a bit to check this stuff out.
I think I've picked up a scent here.
Oh, wait maybe it's over here.
Wow, I have a lot of territory to investigate.
I think I may be getting cold. Mom, is going to be mad cause I have lots of white frozen things hung in my coat.
I better get back to checking more of this stuff out before she makes me go in.
Mom, screamed at me when I almost went out on the street. It was hard to tell where the yard ends and the street begins so I didn't know. Thank goodness most people stayed home. Normally our road is like a freeway.
Shoot, it got away. Okay, mom I'm cold now. Can we go in?
A warm bath might feel good about now.
I'm so ready for spring and warm green grass!
So cute… I'm so ready for Spring too. And so is our pittie puppy, Ivy Rose. She wants to be outside so

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.744114
Retrieved Text: Jennifer Echols made me a fan of hers when I read Going too Far and while I haven’t enjoyed every single book by hers that I’ve read, I still gobble her books up whenever they come out. Dirty Little Secret was another winner for me and I’m still smiling over how much I liked this book.Bailey’s having a bad year. For as long as she can remember, she’d been playing her fiddle with her sister all over the place and when a record label wants to sign her sister, without her, Bailey is kicked to the curb while her sister goes off and gets famous. Suddenly, left without a band to play in, Bailey hides her disappointment and hurt with her parents by acting out. Now she’s moved in with her grandfather while her parents are out on the road with her sister and she can’t do a damn thing on her own. She can’t make trouble, she can’t tell anyone her last name because the record label people don’t want a scandal that will taint the progress that they’re making with Julie’s career.I really liked this book. I loved the Nashville setting, the country music scene and the romance that blossomed between Sam and Bailey and I really liked when Bailey finally spoke up for herself. It’s really disappointing for me as a parent to see parents portrayed so selfishly and displaying favoritism toward their kids. I’m not perfect but my daughter’s happiness is important to me and I try to make her as happy

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.73615
Retrieved Text: Zori smiled."First we will try to sing it together and if it won't work we will try with singing each part separetly."The little Zorua said and looked at Trixy. "Trixy try to give the song some nice sound."She added.
This was going to be her first time rehearsing with the band, Blu was exploding with excitement. "Can we get started?" she asked, jumping up and down.
"Oh! Sorry, I drifted off." She started to play on the keyboard, several triplets in different keys. "Just tell me what you like. Something slow or something fast?"
"I think we will start with something slow at the beging and after that we will make it faster."Zori said and started the song with short guitar solo, then she made a signal for Blu to start to sing together with her.
Bailey watched eagerly as Zori started with her guitar. How delightful! He eagerly awaited for Blu's vocals. He was giddy enough to wish that he could perform with them. However, that wasn't going to happen. A shame. Then again they're all too young to perform with such an old fart anyway.
When the guitar solo began, Blu began to get nervous. She took note of Zori's signal and took a deep breath.
Won't set you free again" she sang with a sweet, mellow voice.
Zori looked at Blu, she sounded really great and both of their voices changed the song, and little Zorua really liked the way it sounded now.
Won't let me flee again"
Their two voices really matched the song. Blu smiled at Zori and gave the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.646328
Retrieved Text: We chat to Calen Mackenzie about a darker direction for his character.
Neighbours launches a big new storyline for Bailey Turner on UK screens next month as he develops a drinking problem.
Bailey initially turns to alcohol while under pressure from a school bully named Jayden, but it won't be long until his reliance on booze starts to spiral out of control.
Digital Spy recently caught up with Calen Mackenzie, who plays Bailey, to hear his thoughts on the issue-based storyline and the other dramas ahead for his character.
How did you feel about taking on such a serious storyline?
"I was thrilled. Previously I'd done the Gem storyline which was also quite serious, so to get the chance to do another storyline that is quite deep, dark and emotional was great.
"It's an unexpected storyline because it's completely out of character for Bailey, but when people are pushed, these things can happen. Lots of things have happened to Bailey since he arrived on Ramsay Street. He's had drama with Mason, Gem and his whole family. A little push is all it takes sometimes."
How did you prepare for the story?
"I did my research by speaking to my friends, because some of them have been through issues like this when it comes to drinking and spiralling out of control. It can happen just as much to people that you wouldn't expect it to happen to.
"The Neighbours producers encourage research whenever you're doing a storyline that you're not entirely familiar with, as that's the only way you can do the best job."
Were the scenes

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.594654
Retrieved Text: Home / MOVIE REVIEWS / "A Dog's Purpose" Movie Review: Bailey is the New "Hachiko"!
"A Dog's Purpose" Movie Review: Bailey is the New "Hachiko"!
If you are familiar with the story of the world's most famous dog, "Hachiko", and was moved to tears and made you realize how important dogs are in the lives of its human friend, then you will also love the story of Bailey in Universal Pictures' latest movie offering, "A Dog's Purpose".
Bailey is somewhat similar to Hachiko, only in this film, Bailey was reincarnated several times as a different dog breed with different purposes in life every time Bailey gets reincarnated. The story is really simple, made into a fantasy, and can be easily understood by everyone. Dog lovers will surely love how this movie will move everyone into tears each time Bailey transcends into another life. If you will not be moved by this movie, I'm pretty sure you have a heartless soul and maybe you have a heart of stone as well! Hahaha!
Anyway, we loved how the movie's purpose was plotted intelligently and was presented in a way that it is a light drama, a funny story in a dog's point of view, and a very touching material for all dog lovers out there! I cannot reveal much more information, but this can assure you, "A Dog's Purpose" can be lined up on the list of dog movies out there with a heart and a purpose, which includes "Hachiko Monogatari", "A Tale of Mari and the Three Puppies", the American version

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.527315
Retrieved Text: Ramone Bailey competing for Wolmer's Boys School at 2011 Issa Boys and Girls Championship.
Ramone Bailey and his coach David Riley.
When long jumper Ramone Bailey jumped his personal best of 8.16m, becoming the new national champion, at the Jamaica Athletics Administrative Associations Puma National Senior Championships, held recently at the National Stadium, it made national headlines, throwing Bailey into the spotlight. But, how many of you know the inspiring story behind this talented long jumper?
Born in Kingston, and raised by his grandmother, Bailey recalled days running around with other children of Whitehall Avenue, having big dreams of one day becoming a football star for Manchester United. After unsuccessful attempts at making it in football, he decided to jump right into another sport, shifting his focus to tackle both long and high jump. “Growing up, my family was always supportive of sports. I think they would have all preferred if I had stuck to the sprints, but sometimes you just know when something isn't entirely for you,” he told Outlook.
The summer of 2007, however, brought a life-changing event to Bailey's life. On break from school, it was typical of Bailey to spend time with his best friend’s family in the country. But this time around, tragedy decided to creep in and rear it’s ugly head, striking it’s lethal blow not once, but twice. The first unfortunate incident came when his best friend’s grandmother passed away. Her passing affected the aspiring athlete badly, especially because, he explained, she had taken him in and treated him like family. Her funeral,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.507057
Retrieved Text: This collaboration between vocal powerhouse’s Steve Overland (FM) and Chris Ousey (Heartland) has been in the planning stages for what seems like forever, but it’s finally with us! I had extremely high expectations for this album not just because of the exciting prospect of Overland and Ousey singing together but also because of Mike Slamer’s involvement who is one of my favourite melodic rock guitarist’s and song writers. But I think my high expectations may have ruined this album for me, don’t get me wrong it’s a solid album with some great musical moments, it’s just not the mind blowing experience I had thought it might be. I think it may be in the lyric’s where the album loses me as my biggest problem with the album is I don’t connect with the songs and therefore don’t get hooked into listening to the songs repetitively. Musically though Steve Overland and Chris Ousey put in amazing performance’s throughout and their voices really compliment and boost each other’s voices. Slamer also delivers some cracking guitar licks in his distinct style. It’s a good album and I’m sure melodic rock fans will love this album – It’s just not the magical hybrid I was hoping for.
Nigel Bailey is a name we are hearing more and more in melodic rock circles. With Lifeline we see Bailey showing what a diverse song writer he is going in more contemporary melodic hard rock vein than we’ve heard before. It’s a hard rocking album but highly melodic, so it gives Scream a broader

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.50439
Retrieved Text: Heading into 2018 is there any chance of seeing any more from the amazing vets and their staff at the Berry Vet Clinic. Country Vets was a great series and I'm sure I'm not alone at wanting further series.
Any news on Series 3 yet???
We can only hope the boys saddle up for series three.......please?
Loving the programme - the best vet programme I've ever seen.
Such an amazing second series. James, it's incredible to see you have returned to practicing again. Such an enormous step from the country practice of Barraba, where I first met you while you were still training. Your passion for all animals shows in everything you do.
A very emotional episode laying Bailey to rest in beautiful Bundarra. The episode was very touching, having had to do the same with my best mate Bronx.
Welcome back, James and Anthony, we love your show and the antics that some of your patients get up to. Rupert the "crate escape" pig was hilarious, but given what he was about to have done, who could blame him? The three deaths were very sad, especially James and Ronnie's heart-wrenching decision to have to put Bailey to sleep. We had to make that decision earlier this year for our beloved dachshund Ruby, who was the same age as Bailey (2001 - 2015) and had been the most wonderful part of our family. I think it was really brave at such an emotioanal and personal time to show what happens in this situation, and while it is very painful to watch and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.49881
Retrieved Text: New York : Scholastic, ©1990.
The third grade at Bailey Elementary was very hard to handle, until a strange new teacher named Mrs. Jeepers arrived.
78 pages : illustrations ; 20 cm.
by Debbie Dadey and Marcia Jones ; illustrated by John Steven Gurney.
Add tags for "Vampires don't wear polka dots". Be the first.
Anglais (Langue) -- Lectures et morceaux choisis.
Bailey School Kids (Fictitious characters) -- Fiction.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.492695
Retrieved Text: The Cincinnati Reds and Los Angeles Dodgers made a blockbuster trade on Friday as outfielders Yasiel Puig and Matt Kemp, pitcher Alex Wood, catcher Kyle Farmer and cash were dealt in exchange for right-handed pitcher Homer Bailey and minor leaguers Jeter Downs and Josiah Gray.
However, Dodgers general manager Andrew Friedman said Bailey has been released "as a condition of waiving his 10-and-5 rights," per Eric Stephen of SB Nation.
Ken Rosenthal of The Athletic was the first to report on the expected Bailey release.
Bailey, who went 1-14 with a 6.09 ERA last year, has had an up-and-down MLB career that is at its lowest point.
He was taken seventh overall in the 2004 MLB draft and got the call to the bigs just three seasons later. However, Bailey had just a 4.89 ERA in 78 starts from 2007 through 2011, which included numerous stops back in the minors. He had a control issue as exemplified by a 13.7 percent walk rate in 2007 and 10.5 mark in 2009, per FanGraphs.
However, Bailey found a groove in 2012 and started a three-season stretch in which he went 33-27 with a 3.61 ERA and struck out 7.9 batters per nine innings. His walk rate plummeted, with a low of 6.0 percent in 2012.
Bailey had turned the corner entering his 2015 season, and he signed a six-year, $105 million contract to stay in Cincinnati.
Unfortunately, he underwent Tommy John surgery, which limited him to just eight starts in 2015 and 2016. In the coming years, Bailey also had surgery to remove bone spurs

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.4569
Retrieved Text: Purrfecting the work life balance.
Furiends, I’m so very excited to tell you that the humans and I are one paw closer to our dream of setting sail full time. Dad applied for part-time with his job and it’s been accepted! So as of January he’ll work for 7 days and then have 7 days off. Mum can fit her teaching hours around dad’s schedule and to be honest, we both quite like it when she’s writing anyway because it keeps her quiet! I think it’s pawesome!
So we will have lots more time to do projects on the boat and get away. When dad takes a week of leave he will have a whopping 21 days off! I’m so excited pawing over the maps… We can really explore next summer! We’re looking at sailing off to Greece and who knows where else… The possibilities are endless!
I’m hoping that this step in the right direction will lead to the humans getting the courage to take the full plunge so we can go cruising full-time. For now I’m very happy with our latest development though! I’m literally dancing for joy!
Have a grreat week furiends!
How exciting for you, Bailey. So glad you are getting closer to your dream!
Woohooo! More great adventures for you and your humans! Congratulations and work hard on those maps.
That is great, Bailey! I am so excited for you and your humans!
So exciting, B. What a courageous family you have. I can see where you get it from!
A happy Bailey means a happy boat! Fantastic!
Oh Wow Bailey

================



======= Instance Index 5919 =========
Input Text: Context: Casey wrote another note.

Question: Why did Casey do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: check for errors

B: cashey wrote a poem

C: cashey wrote a message

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.870516
Retrieved Text: Salute to Opening Day! | Paul's Voyage of Discovery & Etc.
With opening day for The Los Angeles Dodgers today, the Chicago Cubs playing their first game of the season tomorrow, and my hometown Cleveland Indians opening their 2015 campaign tonight — baseball prognosticators are saying great things about the potential of all three of these clubs. My fellow Cubs and Indians fans know not to get too excited too early (or ever) — but opening day is all about possibilities, optimism and renewal. So, here’s to an Indians vs. Cubs World Series.
And in celebration of Opening Day, here’s a re-post of a piece from 5 years ago, featuring a bit of satiric verse.
I’d like to celebrate the first flowering of the MLB baseball season with a re-print of a poem I wrote many years ago. Full credit must be given to my wife Victoria (who was not yet my wife at the time) who managed in 1988 to get my satiric take on Ernest Lawrence Thayer’s “Casey At The Bat” published in the Baseball Bible, The Sporting News.
I still remember being at the wheel of our car when Victoria told me that some sports publication called “the sporting something” was going to publish my poem. “Is it The Sporting News?” I screamed at her, pounding the steering wheel! “Are you talking about the Baseball Bible? The Sporting News??” Victoria was a cool, impossibly groovy girl — but she had no idea how absolutely perfect a publication she’d landed. And, as a relatively good South Side Chicago

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.351135
Retrieved Text: Warm weather is upon us — which means so is sexist dress code season.
But one mother is not here for critiques of her 13-year-old&apos;s outfits. After Catherine Pearlman&apos;s daughter Casey was sent home with a letter stating she&apos;d been dressed "inappropriately" for school two days in a row, Pearlmen penned a letter to the school&apos;s principal with a simple challenge: Take Casey shopping and try to find her clothes that not only adhere to the dress code, but that she likes.
"Thank you for sending a note home for the second day in a row to say my daughter was dressed inappropriately for school," Pearlman wrote in the letter, published in Today. "I&apos;d like to offer an additional thank you for forcing her to change into large mesh shorts that have been worn by only God knows who and potentially never washed.
"To reward you for treating my daughter with such concern, I am cordially inviting you to take my daughter shopping," Pearlman continued.
According to Pearlman, accommodating her daughter&apos;s specific needs isn&apos;t an easy feat.
Casey&apos;s tall frame and long limbs makes it hard enough to find clothes for her as it is, Pearlman said — and that&apos;s without accounting for her daughter&apos;s picky taste. Casey doesn&apos;t care for dresses, pants or anything with a logo on it, making it particularly difficult to dress her. Pearlman guessed the principal would likely find themselves in a pretty impossible situation.
But at the heart of the issue, Pearlman said, is the blatant sexism underlying the school&apos;s dress code.
"I forgot to thank you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.262487
Retrieved Text: Giving thanks, buying houses, and trying to understand what is going on.
The best House Update so far.
Please note this episode was recorded on Tuesday, 8 November. We finished recording just before the Presidential election results started to come in.
Myke discusses some conferences he’s planning to attend, Casey joined the coolest club, and the house update continues, as it will forever, and ever, for always.
Casey is back from his Twitter hiatus, and Myke has found his way on to a brand new platform entirely.
Casey embarks on a drastic experiment and Myke gives yet another house update.
Myke is still in Portland, but he has a house buying update. After this, Casey and Myke discuss their podcast listening habits.
Casey feels awkward for 72 minutes.
Myke went to Memphis and got a tattoo. Casey has all the questions.
It's been a busy week for Myke. He asked Adina to marry him, then they started looking for a house to buy. Casey wants all the details.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.571455
Retrieved Text: Casey Lawhorn, a 23-year-old Tennessee man, is accused of murdering his mother and friend and then posting a graphic, lengthy description of the homicides in a Facebook post.
Lawhorn then went on the run, according to authorities in Tennessee. His vehicle was located abandoned in Jasper County, Mississippi. His body was later found near Vossburg, Mississippi, WTVC-TV reports. He is believed to have died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, police said.
His mother, Vi Lawhorn, and his friend, Avery Gaines, 22, of Georgia, were both found shot to death Sunday morning inside a home in East Ridge, Tennessee.
Be forewarned that Lawhorn’s alleged writings, which you can read below, are very disturbing. Lawhorn had also previously posted about mass shootings on Facebook, including a tribute to the Orlando shooting victims at the Pulse nightclub.
For anyone who hadn't seen the original post.
The lengthy Facebook message posted to Lawhorn’s site has now been deleted, although the Facebook page is still up. It’s a chilling and graphic description of the murders.
The Times Free Press reported that authorities have not yet confirmed that the narrative Lawhorn allegedly posted on Facebook fits the actual sequence of events. However, the message was very long and detailed.
“Since so many people keep ttrying to reach out to me on Facebook, I figure I can just say my piece once here and be done with it. Before I start, I need to emphasize that I take full responsibility for my actions. Nothing anyone has or hasn’t done to me caused this, my decisions and my failures are my

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.41806
Retrieved Text: DL017: Hostage of Love — The scoundrel, he has another woman!
Things really heat up in today’s episode. Relationships go through some rocky times, and Francis and Casey’s is no different. In our last episode, Francis became suspicious that Casey was dating other women when Casey had her send roses to a woman named ‘Viva Cramer’. When Casey explained that Viva had practically raised him, Francis realized that this woman wasn’t a girlfriend and she quickly got over her worries.
When Casey drops in, he is met with sarcasm and a cold shoulder. He has no idea what has gotten in to Fran, and apparently, Aggie doesn’t understand it either. But I’m sure you won’t be left in the dark — you’ll understand it from Fran’s point of view. Take note of the sarcasm and you’ll see how couples sometimes fight in English.
Well, unfortunately, we leave Francis sobbing, very upset. She feels tricked by that scoundrel, Casey. She doesn’t feel like his special ‘one and only’ anymore. Can you understand her pain? What about Casey’s confusion? He really doesn’t seem to get it, does he? Can you think of any other explanation for Casey sending roses to a young woman who just got divorced? Leave your ideas in the Comments below. I’m curious to see what you come up with.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.327984
Retrieved Text: American Idol 13’s Casey McQuillen Hits LA + Hotel Cafe’s Room 2 on 4/10 ! Podcast!
Home » American Idol 13’s Casey McQuillen Hits LA + Hotel Cafe’s Room 2 on 4/10 ! Podcast!
Casey McQuillen is a real firecracker. She “popped” on the video I watched of her before I agreed to interview her. Her voice is gorgeous. Her personal style is so effervescent. She makes shaking up a bottle of soda seem tame in comparison.
You can see what I mean here in this cover of Taylor Swift’s “Shake It Off”!
As you will note in the podcast (embedded below) that I did yesterday (4/8/2017) on the phone with Casey, I don’t dive into an interview quite that way with most musicians that I don’t know. I ask a lot of basic questions and for some reason, I felt that I didn’t need to do that with Casey. She is exceptionally accessible and very willing to talk and share her personal experiences. While we didn’t talk about her time on American Idol, we did talk about her “cause” or purpose -which is deals with bullying.
We also talked about the importance of being a good business person and why she had a double major at Berklee College of Music. She majored in “sing/songwriter” and “music business” because it’s a key to becoming a successful musician. She’s light years beyond where most singer/songwriters are in terms of understanding and directing where her career is going. As we talked, we covered the music video she was shooting today (4/9/2017) and how

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.234516
Retrieved Text: Australian Idol winner Casey Donovan has been working hard at the gym and it's definitely paid off!
The singer who has documented her fitness journey on Instagram has spoken to an Australian tabloid and announced she's dropped an impressive 36 kilos!
Earlier this year, New Idea reported that the star had begun her transformation.
She revealed she’d shed 17kg during her time on I'm A Celebrity Get Me Outta Here... – and is believed to have dropped a whole lot more.
"Casey is in the best shape of her life and is really committed to losing even more weight," a friend of the singer told the magazine.
The star has also shared snaps on social media some delicious healthy meals she's prepared.
Fans have taken to Instagram to leave messages of congratulations to the star.
"You look amazing! Good on you girl. Be proud of yourself x," one wrote.
While another commented: "WOW 🔥 soooo amazing & well done, inspiring you are 😍."

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.538452
Retrieved Text: Last month, a private investigator filed court documents claiming Casey Anthony once confessed to killing her three-year-old daughter, Caylee. Anthony, as you probably recall, was acquitted of that crime in 2011 after a two-month trial.
The private investigator recalled one night in 2008 when he watched Baez cancel a TV interview on Anthony’s schedule after the mom said she didn’t want to go through with it.
On top of the sexual misconduct allegations, Casey also claimed that Baez told him of Anthony’s guilt as they prepared for the trial.
“Baez told me that Casey had murdered Caylee and dumped the body somewhere and he needed all the help he could get to find the body before anyone else,” Dominic Casey wrote.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.463179
Retrieved Text: Submarine chaser SC 143 was assigned to Base 27, Plymouth England, under the command of Ens. Alexander Moffat.
Moffat wrote about his experiences on the chaser in the book, Maverick Navy.
These photographs (except as noted below) are from the collection of crewman Clyde Campbell Thomas, BM2 and later CBM. Thanks to Phil Pomber, his grandson, for submitting the images to The Subchaser Archives.
The image of SC 143 alongside SC 148 is from the Collection of the National World War One Museum, Kansas City, MO. Thanks to Jonathan Casey for submitting the photo scan.
Editor's Note: Especially noteworthy is the interior photo, showing what appears to be the officer's quarters. This is one of only two or three photos I've seen showing the officer's quarters, and I think the only one showing this angle. The typewriter on the desk in the foreground would be a typical device found on the captain's desk (and not somewhere else on board).
Also note the photo showing a star painted on the bow of the boat. This probably signified a presumed submarine kill, although SC 143 was not credited with sinking a submarine.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.390995
Retrieved Text: American Idol season 10 pals, Haley Reinhart and Casey Abrams debuted a new song they wrote together last night.
The duo performed “You Were There” at the Room 5 lounge in Los Angeles.
On the jazzy pop tune, Haley shows off her impressive vocal chops while Casey does his thing with the upright bass. Check out the performance below.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.328968
Retrieved Text: Casey, Crime Photographer was a media franchise featured not only on radio but in film, theater, books and magazines from the 30's through the 60's. Jack Casey solved crimes while on assignment as a photographer for The Morning Express newspaper, then regaled friends with his stories at his favorite jazz club, the Blue Note.
Staats Cotsworth (pictured, along with co-star Jan Miner) shared the starring role with Matt Crowley. He was aided by reporter Ann Williams (Miner). The show ran from 1943 to 1954 under various titles, including Crime Photographer, Flashgun Casey and Casey Press Photographer.
Please note the first episode's sound quality improves greatly after the first 3.5 minutes.
The Santa Claus of Burns Blvd.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.30361
Retrieved Text: Anyone who knows me, knows that I’m a hung Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fan. You can name a piece of TMNT memorabilia;I have owned it at one time or another. So when I heard that there was new turtle movie out, you better believe I was excited. Then I heard that Michael Bay was directing and I figured “alright I like the Transformers movies.” Then came the stab in the heart when Bay announced that the turtles were going to be aliens.......This is when I went on nerd rage and wrote a lot of negative things on facebook. I just about gave up hope when ”That Guy With The Glasses” made fun of a homemade movie that follows the back story of everyone's favorite hockey mask wearing sports equipment using psycho Casey Jones!
Good lord was this little 35 min bit of awesome is by far better then anything that Michael Schumacher can come up with. At first this was going to be review of the movie but instead I going tell you why you should check this flick out.
to stop Casey from killing a kid stealing a car radio then helping fight off a group of foot ninjas .
Then April O’Neill (played by Savannah Welch) whose role is to set the stage for a city that needs Casey Jones and best of all Polaris Banks did the one thing that not even the big budget movies did he get April into the yellow jumpsuit ‘something i waited to since the first movie.
And finally there’s the NINJA

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.201904
Retrieved Text: Trending @ 2: Selena Gomez Gets REAL, Which Clinton Wrote a Children's Book & Is Caitlyn Jenner Back On Television?
Trending @ 2: What Rapper Gets DRAGGED Because of Melania Trump, Which Kardashian/Jenner Sister Was Robbed! and Meek Mill Can't Catch a Break!
Trending @ 2: Snoop's Controversial Music Video, Jordan Peele Making History & Which Franco Tied the Knot!
Trending @ 2: Justin Bieber Gets Prison Time? What NBA Baller Got Robbed & Which Comedian Beat the Breaks Off a Valet?
Trending @ 2: Nike Breaking Barriers, Casey Anthony Said WHAT? & Ben Affleck Gets Another Chance!
Trending @ 2: Chrissy Teigen’s Latest Feud, Tyga Losses Big Time and Azealia Banks is a Wanted Woman!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.0742
Retrieved Text: “Connor Aberle’s article about myself, Casey, Affleck and Wesleyan’s supposed complicity in condoning sexual misconduct – and worse – by tauting me as a Wesleyan alumn after I won an Oscar last week is such a tangle of illogic, misinformation and flat-out slander that only the author’s presumed youth can possibly excuse his deeply offensive display of ignorance, and warped PC-fueled sense of indignation,” Kenneth wrote.
“He writes as if Casey Affleck were actually guilty of a crime. In fact, it was alleged 7 years ago, in a civil lawsuit for breach of contract, that Casey sexually harrased two women formerly in his employ. Casey denounced the allegations as being totally fabricated. Like most civil suits, this one was settled out of court by mutual consent on undisclosed terms…In other words nothing was proved or disproved. So how does Mr Aberle dare to write as if he knows who was telling the truth and who was not?” he continued.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.063883
Retrieved Text: Doris Naomi Casey, age 83, of El Dorado Springs, Missouri, graduated from this life on January 28, 2016, at Community Springs Healthcare. She was born March 13, 1932, to Charles and Beulah Gruver.
On May 11, 1952, she married her lifelong love, Clemit, who passed from this life on December 15, 2010.
Clemit and Doris had two sons: Mick Casey of Forsyth, MO, and Dr. Rick Casey of El Dorado Springs, MO. Doris loved and cherished them both and was never happier than when they were all together. They had four grandchildren: Patrick Casey of Los Angeles, CA, Sarah Marcum of Nixa, MO, Scott Casey of El Dorado Springs, MO and Sean of El Dorado Springs, MO. The love they shared will endure forever.
Doris also had six great-grandchildren: Taylor, Trey, Taryn, and Talon Marcum of Nixa, MO, and Abigail and Isabelle Casey of El Dorado Springs, MO, each one always bringing a smile to her face.
Doris has one surviving sister, Joan McFarland and husband Mac of Del City, OK. She also had a brother Charles Gruver, Jr., of Los Angeles, CA, and a sister Betty Witt of El Dorado Springs, MO, who both preceded her in death.
She also leaves behind two sisters-in-law: Ann Casey of Overland Park, KS, and Wanda Casey of El Dorado Springs, MO; as well as numerous nieces, nephews and many relatives whom she loved dearly.
Doris was born and raised in Ft. Scott, KS, and after marrying Clemit moved to Kansas City where they lived for 28 years. She ran a successful catering business while

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.90434
Retrieved Text: Our trip to move Casey in for her junior year. Note: the entire photo gallery has yet to be organized, with gallery descriptions, memories and photo captions. To see more photos of Casey's time in NY, go to Casey's Facebook photos..
Lunch in NYC after moving Casey Casey into her apt.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.77251
Retrieved Text: Home » Entertainment » Gone Baby Gone!
Ben Affleck directed little brother Casey Affleck in “Gone Baby Gone”.
“Gone Baby Gone,” based Dennis Lehane’s novel of the same title about two Boston area Detectives searching for a missing 4-year-old girl, stars Casey and is Ben’s directorial debut.
It’s the same author that wrote the book that the Sean Penn movie Mystic River was based on. You know, the one that got a TON of Oscar Buzz! This should be really good!
I cannot wait to see this movie!!! And I rarely go to the movies.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.718012
Retrieved Text: Sorry for the delay in the response to this question. I’ve been swamped with teaching responsibilities at the start of this semester.
On another note, is there a write-up anywhere of what we decided to do for BioChemEntity, especially regarding how existing ontologies were going to be used in the markup?  Something more narrative than spec-oriented (something with examples).  This may be in the mailing list thread but it's hard to extract from there.
We definitely need to do this. We also need to think about guidelines and best practice for developing profiles. My RA, Ken McLeod, has been analysing the specifications with regard to improving the map2model tool. We have vastly different modelling approaches being deployed in the various profiles which is making the tooling harder to develop.
The question is where should we put this information?
Previous message: Carole Goble: "Re: Bioschemas.org at SEMANTiCS 2018, Vienna, Sep 10-13"
Next in thread: Justin Clark-Casey: "Re: BioChemEntity and Ontology terms"
Reply: Justin Clark-Casey: "Re: BioChemEntity and Ontology terms"

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.706509
Retrieved Text: Guest: Casey Dreier; Topics: Planetary Science Congressional Caucus, policy, robotics & HSF, JWST delays, SLS, FH, BFR, LOP-G, NASA and more. Please direct all comments and questions regarding specific Space Show programs & guest(s) to the Space Show blog which is part of archived program on our website, www.thespaceshow.com. Comments and questions should be relevant to the specific Space Show program. Written Transcripts of Space Show programs are a violation of our copyright and are not permitted without prior written consent, even if for your own use. We do not permit the commercial use of Space Show programs or any part thereof, nor do we permit editing, YouTube clips, or clips placed on other private channels & websites. Space Show programs can be quoted, but the quote must be cited or referenced using the proper citation format. Contact The Space Show for further information. In addition, please remember that your Amazon purchases can help support The Space Show/OGLF. See www.onegiantleapfoundation.org/amazon.htm.
We welcomed back Casey Dreier of The Planetary Society back to the show for this one segment 68 minute discussion on policy, the newly formed Planetary Science Congressional Caucus, JWST delays, SLS, the need for a NASA administrator and SpaceX rockets. We started our discussion with Casey telling us about the new Planetary Society support of the newly formed Planetary Science Congressional Caucus. Casey explained congressional caucuses to us, talked about the bipartisan nature of the new space caucus and why it was needed. It is expected that this particular caucus will grow in numbers and support

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.610271
Retrieved Text: Many influential people are working tirelessly to make the potential of cryptocurrency and the blockchain technology recognised. One of these prominent figures is Michael Casey. Casey has followed this new industry closely, and as soon as he understood its value, his mission became intimately attached to the blockchain and cryptocurrency.
Michael Casey is a versatile man. He is an entrepreneur, columnist, blockchain and cryptocurrency expert, author, public speaker, as well as the Senior Advisor at MIT Media Lab. Indeed he is a man with a lot of knowledge; with 25 years of journalistic experience as well as a lot of skills gathered working in several places around the world. He has dedicated much of his time to the study of the social and economic disruption caused by digital technology and globalisation.
Casey is also a blockchain and cryptocurrency evangelist and the author of a few favourite books on the subject. The most popular book authored by Michael Casey is the “Age of Cryptocurrency”. Apart from “Age of Cryptocurrency” another well-known title he also co-authored along with Paul Vigna is “The Truth Machine: The Blockchain and the Future of Everything”. His books explore topics ranging from the nature of our globalised world and its social impact to the challenges and opportunities posed by digital currency and the blockchain, as well as it offers a simple explanatory view over this new technology.
Even though Casey wrote for dozens of other news outlets, he spent most of his career at Dow Jones Newswires and The Wall Street Journal. He started his Journalistic

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.595036
Retrieved Text: What is Write Me Something Beautiful All About?The BlogThe BookThe StoriesThe ArchiveFood is symbolic of Love, when words are inadequate.
Jimmy Gauntt—personable, brilliant Jimmy—died at age twenty-four, struck by an automobile. The promising young writer’s death shattered his father Casey’s heart. Not since his own father’s sudden passing thirty-eight years before had Casey felt so much pain. The loss of the two most important men in his life nearly shattered Casey’s mind.
Through seeming coincidence and moments of magical synchronicity, Jimmy and Casey’s father make themselves known to Casey, his family and Jimmy’s friends, sparking an amazing healing process that leads Casey—a conservative businessman—into the mystical world of mediums, shamans, coffee readers, and spirit guides. The volume and velocity of these contacts from the other side eventually lead Casey to a remarkable conclusion: his relationships with his father and son never ended. Even death cannot separate us from our loved ones.
In 2015 Casey pulled the core stories into a book co-authored with his son, Jimmy. Suffering Is the Only Honest Work shares its title with the poem Jimmy wrote after he ran-and finished-the 2007 Los Angeles Marathon.
May change everything you think you know about life, death, and the boundary that separates the two.
For anyone who has ever lost a loved one, Casey and Jimmy offer the greatest gift of all: the awareness we never really lose the ones we love. We can still find them, and they can find us.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.5348
Retrieved Text: (01-14-2012, 03:21 AM)john Wrote: Casey playing his bassy.
That kid is so talented!!!! I wish that he would have shown this side of him -- or had more opportunity to show this side of him while he was on Idol.
But "he's Casey and he just got signed." And, hopefully, he'll get to "blow our minds" (and even more hopefully, he'll ask Haley to help him do that) on his album!
(01-14-2012, 10:55 AM)My Alter Ego Wrote: That kid is so talented!!!! I wish that he would have shown this side of him -- or had more opportunity to show this side of him while he was on Idol.
This performance really does showcase some of Casey's talents. It's cool. Video is from 2010.
He seems to like to experiment with new things a lot, whether an instrument, video technique, or with sound equipment.
Quote: Yep, this instrument is going on my album. Dean parks killing it on the mandocello.
And he's off and running -- yet again.
I would not be at all surprised to learn that Casey's IQ "clocks" in at a genius level. And, perhaps, many of his "fans" are in that category as well.
However, I still think that he would ultimately be better served -- at least, initially -- by recognizing that those who might be able to support his interests (and by "support" I mean "buy") may be "slowbies" -- those who can't keep up with his warp speed musical shifts.
(01-21-2012, 02:32 AM)john Wrote: Story of Casey's life?
John, thank you for unearthing this. I had seen this last year

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.527521
Retrieved Text: I’ll confess, I didn’t fully understand what it meant to take that oath until I read William Casey’s powerful introduction on the copy distributed to the employees of our Agency.
In 1987, Ren and I had been friends for just 2 years. Tom and I wouldn’t meet for another 10. In those early years of our careers William Casey seemed impossibly old. In fact, he would die later that year at age 74, shortly after resigning for health reasons. But we were young, optimistic, full of ideals and energy, and certain that the new technologies we were working with would change the world. Certain that we could make the world a better place.
Those technologies did change the world. They are still changing the world. They enable people to connect, and communicate, and access information at a speed and rate that is unprecedented. And although I am still waiting for flying cars, I can talk to my daughter, who is nearly half a world away, and see her face while I’m doing it. All while secure in the knowledge that I have the freedom to do these things.
But to fight for freedom is to extend the ideals of our Constitution beyond our borders to those who do not have our freedoms. To stand firmly on the ideals it represents, in particular the first 10 amendments, is to remind ourselves that it is “We the people” who grant certain powers to a central government and that no government may strip from us our rights as citizens and lawful residents

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.303196
Retrieved Text: Re the photograph posted in for st Marys primary school taken in 1963 -please note that in the front row (3) is David Casey and two along (5) is Alex Casey (twins). the family emigrated to Australia in 1963. Alex married and returned to Glasgow in 1985.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.268248
Retrieved Text: Paul and Gail Casey spent countless nights fearing the worst as their son Patrick served in the Army, fighting in Afghanistan.
“We’d waited the entire year Pat was deployed, waiting for that call.” Gail Casey told News4 from her home outside Albany, New York, where Patrick grew up.
To the Caseys' relief, that dreaded call never came. Patrick Casey returned home from Afghanistan and retired from the Army in 2011. He enrolled at George Washington University in a master’s degree program for international studies. But just months after returning from war, Casey was killed during a street fight outside a McDonald’s fast food restaurant in downtown D.C.
Paul and Gail Casey were devastated. They never expected to lose their son like this. The grief was almost overwhelming for the couple.
The parents of an Army veteran killed in a fight in D.C. conducted their own investigation, which resulted in the death being reclassified a homicide. Mark Segraves reports.
“It’s horrible to think we’re never going to see our son again,” Gail Casey told News4 in 2011.
But that grief soon turned to horror and anger when police and prosecutors said her son was to blame.
“He was blamed for this, and people that know him said, 'Don’t worry about it,' because anybody that knows him, that knew him, would know he was not like that, but that’s what’s out there, that’s what’s out there on the web,” Gail Casey said.
Metropolitan Police Department Capt. Michael Farish led the investigation at the time. Shortly after the fight, Farish held a press conference on the steps

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.185553
Retrieved Text: Congress is taking action after a News4 I-Team investigation revealed a bold series of thefts by government workers fleecing taxpayers at the gas pump.
Members of the U.S. Senate saw the story -- and now they want more money and manpower for the federal agents tasked with stopping the thefts.
In a formal request late Thursday, U.S. Sen. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania requested millions more dollars in funding for federal auditors. He's asking the U.S. Office of Management and Budget to restore funding for auditors to 2013 levels, before budget cuts.
At least 35 cases of gas theft this year have cost taxpayers more than $300,000 in 2015, according to public records obtained by the I-Team.
Casey said increased funding is needed for agents who investigate, saying auditors save more money than they cost, by stopping waste and theft.
The request comes after a recent News4 I-Team investigation that showed hundreds of thousands of dollars in gasoline thefts, some of which were caught on video by surveillance cameras. Some of them were swiping their government credit cards and buying gasoline for their personal cars.
"When that is abused, it undermines the whole system," Casey said. "It gives credence to the arguments that people make about government. The worst beliefs that people have about government are fortified by that type of finding, but it was a great investigation, and we need more of that."
Several cases that surfaced in recent months were uncovered in the D.C. area.
Arlington National Cemetery employee Bobby Jackson pleaded guilty to more than $5,000 in fraudulent gas purchases. Investigators indicated

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.13118
Retrieved Text: Someone placed a heart-shaped sticker on the silver duct tape stretched across the mouth of dead toddler Caylee Marie Anthony.
A medical examiner had to cut the child's brown hair to remove the tape, and when the FBI took a close look, it found adhesive residue in the shape of a heart, according to court documents released Wednesday.
The investigators who scoured the Orange County woods where Caylee's remains were found last month found a loose sticker similar in size.
"It appears that the sticker was put on the duct tape intentionally," an Orange County detective wrote in a search-warrant affidavit.
The new detail was one of several made public in hundreds of pages of legal documents released by the State Attorney's Office in its case against Caylee's mother, Casey Anthony.
Investigators determined that 2-year-old Caylee's remains appeared to have been packed originally inside a black plastic bag and a cloth laundry hamper bag.
Also found were a size 3T shirt, a small pair of striped white shorts, small cloth-type letters that appear to be iron-ons and a Winnie the Pooh blanket.
In one search warrant, investigators asked to collect a variety of items from the nearby Anthony family home on Hopespring Drive, including arts--and-crafts items, stickers and scrapbooking material.
The search warrant also sought all of Casey Anthony's shoes, small plastic toy horses similar to one found at the crime scene, and permission to take note of any prescriptions on the property.
Many of the documents released Wednesday were reports from crime-scene technicians on the evidence they've collected, ranging from clothes to hair.
One report

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.111362
Retrieved Text: Casey Carpet Services in Marietta, GA specializes in carpet installation work. They have been in business for 20 years. Casey Carpet Services has worked on projects similar to Replace Bedroom Carpet in Atlanta, Carpet in Lawrenceville, and Carpet Installation in Conyers.
Costs for projects in Marietta, GA can average $1400. Project sizes can range from $1250 to over $1550. When planning for your project, make sure to get multiple quotes and compare. Please note these are sample averages and to get accurate prices an estimate is needed from Casey Carpet Services.
Sent 43 online quotes. 100% response rate.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.097635
Retrieved Text: After seven seasons at the helm of the Toronto Raptors, Dwane Casey was relieved of his duties on Saturday (AEST). Casey led the team to a 320-238 record and is the only head coach in team history with a record above .500.
Under Casey's guidance, Toronto has seen three straight 50-win campaigns, four of the five Division titles, a franchise record 59 wins this season and the deepest playoff run in the team's 23-year history in 2016.
On Sunday, the classy head coach penned a thank-you letter via the Toronto Star to the city and country he and his family called home since 2011.
"Dear Toronto, Thank you," the 61-year-old head coach wrote. "Thank you to basketball fans across this city and the country of Canada who supported the Raptors and welcomed my family with open arms during our seven years here.
"Thank you for teaching our all-American family the Canadian way. That being polite and considerate to one another is always the best way. That diversity is something to be embraced and celebrated. That taking the time to learn about each other's cultures is the surest way to find common ground and understanding.
"Thank you for making our children feel safe, valued, and comfortable in their own skin. We cannot express how important it has been to build the foundations of who our children are as human beings in a country that shows through its words, actions and laws that all people deserve basic human rights, and a chance to reach their goals through education and hard work."
Casey went on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.088097
Retrieved Text: In a letter organized by U.S. Senator Bob Casey (D-PA), seven U.S. Senators wrote a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on March 11 with their acute concerns over the escalating humanitarian crisis in Sri Lanka. As many as 330,000 civilians remain trapped in an area of intense combat between Sri Lankan government forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE).
“The situation in Sri Lanka is unacceptable and must be remedied as quickly as possible,” the Senators wrote.
The letter urges the Obama Administration to continue its calls for a ceasefire and make available emergency humanitarian aid to victims in the conflict zone. In addition the Senators argued for the development of a longer-term strategy to unify international donors in conditioning long-term reconstruction assistance on tangible steps by the Sri Lankan government to effectively address the root causes of the long standing conflict. It also urges the U.S. Embassy in Colombo to explore the possibility of providing temporary refuge to Sri Lankan journalists whose safety is threatened.
On February 24th, in his first hearing as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Near Eastern and South and Central Asian Affairs, Senator Casey focused on the escalating violence in Sri Lanka, the growing humanitarian crisis and the prospects for a political resolution to the conflict. The subcommittee heard testimony from Jeffrey Lunstead, the former U.S. Ambassador to Sri Lanka; Dr. Anna Neistat, Senior Researcher for Human Rights Watch and Bob Dietz, Asia Program Coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
In addition to Senator Casey, Senators

================



======= Instance Index 20070 =========
Input Text: Context: according to the article Jan wanted to fight.

Question: What will Jan want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: settle the problem

B: be happy

C: fell good

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.913511
Retrieved Text: Wednesday afternoon, APD released a photo of Lee asking for information regarding her connection with the incidents.
On Jan. 19, APD and the UT Police Department responded to a report of an off-campus robbery on San Antonio Street, almost immediately followed by a robbery of the Subway in Dobie Mall. At the time, the suspect was described as being in her 30s or 40s, wearing a black coat and a black ski mask.
According to a KXAN article, Lee was also wanted in connection to the robbery of a Subway on Feb. 2 on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.441519
Retrieved Text: On Wednesday, Jan. 30, the artist behind the massive hit, "Fight Song" took to Instagram to announce the arrival of her first child, People reported. As it turns out, Rachel Platten gave birth to a baby girl — and her first photo will melt your heart. According to the publication, the first-time mom revealed that she had given birth this past weekend. "There is so much about this massive love that I want to share but don’t yet know how to. The new mama went on to thank her followers for their support as she navigated through "this crazy brutal amazing journey to get here to motherhood," concluding, "Wow. "This is one of my most exciting announcements, but also one of my most vulnerable. "I can’t believe I’m finally typing these words – I have wanted to share this news for months." Platten went on to sing a song she wrote for her daughter, called "You Belong." At the same time, though, she's probably also feeling some level of exhausted and overwhelmed. I'm so excited for Platten as she begins this new chapter in her life — and I can't wait to follow along as she (hopefully) shares her journey with fans.
‘Tis the season for celebrity babies! But seriously, though; is it just me, or does it seem like every time I turn around, there’s yet another adorable celeb birth announcement staring me in the face? Because it looks like congratulations are in order for one well-known singer. On Wednesday, Jan. 30, the artist behind the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.0256
Retrieved Text: Rachael Ostovich Berdon’s manager Brian Butler Au said on Twitter and Instagram on Tuesday that her fight against Paige VanZant scheduled for Jan. 19 is on.
Butler Au last week said the fight was canceled because of Ostovich Berdon’s injuries. He told KHON-TV in a statement Tuesday she had a follow-up check-up and she’s been healing. He says she never wanted to pull out of the fight.
Berdon’s lawyer says he will plead not guilty.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.797235
Retrieved Text: GLENDALE — A successful amateur standout in Armenia, local lightweight boxer Artur "The Punisher" Bernetsyan has spent 2010 learning the ropes of the professional fight game stateside.
According to his trainer Edmond Tarverdyan, proprietor of the Glendale Fighting Club, Bernetsyan has grown as a pro with each of his six bouts this year, including Thursday night's unanimous decision win over Demetrio Soto at the Irvine Marriott hotel.
"The training over there [in Armenia] is totally different — it's just amateur style, they've never seen any pro fights and they've never sparred with anybody that's a pro fighter," Tarverdyan said. "It's a little different for him, but he'll adjust to it. …Everything is a learning process. He'll adjust to it and he'll become a better fighter."
Bernetsyan, who made his professional debut Jan. 8 at Glendale Glory 2, improved to 6-0 with two knockouts after winning each of the four rounds of Thursday's bout on all three judges' score cards.
"It was a good fight," Tarverdyan said. "Artur is a fighter, he gets in there and he fights.
"We've just got to do a little bit better defense, but we hurt [Soto] a few times. …We had our good moments, we're happy."
The fight was originally set for six rounds, but Tarverdyan said that during the weigh-in on Wednesday, Soto's camp asked to have the fight shortened to four rounds and both sides came to an agreement.
All of Bernetsyan's fights, except for his unanimous decision win over Rynell Griffin in six rounds on Oct. 16, have been four rounds and all but two

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.598694
Retrieved Text: Brasilia, Jan 15 (EFE).- Ultra-rightist President Jair Bolsonaro on Tuesday signed a decree facilitating gun ownership in Brazil, thus fulfilling one of his main campaign promises.
Giving the public greater access to weapons has been one of Bolsonaro's flagship issues, and he had promised to take a hard line against criminality in a country where last year there were 63,880 known murders, an average of 175 per day.
"Given that the people made a sovereign decision in the 2005 referendum, to guarantee themselves that legitimate right to self-defense, I, as president, am going to use this weapon," said Bolsonaro, displaying the pen with which he then signed the decree.
"The people decided to buy weapons and ammunition and we cannot deny what the people wanted at that time," the president added at the signing ceremony, at which some of his Cabinet ministers, including Justice and Public Safety Minister Sergio Moro, were present.
At his inauguration on Jan. 1, Bolsonaro reiterated his desire to facilitate gun ownership for "good citizens" so that they can defend themselves and fight crime in one of the world's most violent countries.
The measure, Bolsonaro said, seeks to allow "good citizens to be able to have peace within their homes."
According to a survey published by the Datafolha institute late last year, the percentage of Brazilians who feel that owning guns must be "prohibited since it represents a threat to the lives of other people" increased from 55 percent in October, when Bolsonaro was elected president with a 55 percent majority, to 61 percent in December.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.427944
Retrieved Text: Last Updated: February 01, 2018.
Here are what the editors at HealthDay consider to be the most important developments in Geriatrics for January 2018. This roundup includes the latest research news from journal articles, as well as the FDA approvals and regulatory changes that are the most likely to affect clinical practice.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 31, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Vision testing and in-person renewal requirements are significantly related to a reduced prevalence of dementia in older adults hospitalized after car crashes, according to a study published online Jan. 31 in Neurology.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 31, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- For patients with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF), determinants of asymptomatic status have been identified, and mortality is increased for these patients, according to a study published in the December issue of CHEST.
TUESDAY, Jan. 30, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Preclinical Alzheimer's disease (AD) and aging are independently associated with rest-activity rhythm fragmentation among cognitively normal adults, according to a study published online Jan. 29 in JAMA Neurology.
MONDAY, Jan. 29, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC) is trying to address some of the issues relating to physician electronic health record (EHR) burden, partly with the appointment of Don Rucker, M.D., who is skilled in informatics and board-certified in emergency and internal medicine, according to an article published in Medical Economics.
MONDAY, Jan. 29, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Americans under age 65 years who were insured through their employer spent more than ever before on health care in 2016, with faster spending growth in 2016 than

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.418097
Retrieved Text: The Muppets received zero Golden Globe nominations this year. Zero.
That award show tragedy irked Kermit, Beaker and their felt friends enough to debut a commercial during Sunday night's show. The ad features a Twitter fight between @HotFudge1218 and @Babybean1128, an exchange that took place Jan. 9.
The Muppet-fueled feud was likely a stunt for the Muppets' new film considering @Babybean1128 didn't launch a Twitter account until Jan. 8. Or maybe Twitter newbies just get really angry about Muppets.
Muppets Most Wanted debuts in theaters — and is eligible for award nominations — March 21.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.333647
Retrieved Text: UFC London is now in the books and it is safe to say that this was a great event. There were many upsets where the underdog defeated the odds. Paul Craig got a finish on the last second of the fight where he was losing the fight. Alexander Volkov knocked out the former UFC Heavyweight champion Fabricio Werdum in the main event. Here below is the fights that we want to be scheduled after this event.
Alexander Volkov has proved himself and has shown everyone that he is a legit fighter in the Heavyweight. Derrick Lewis has proved himself as well and is very fun to watch. We would love this matchup!
Jan Blachowicz was very impressive in his win over Jimi Manuva. We think this win adds a lot of options for the future of the Light Heavyweight division. Jimi Manuva, Illir Latifi and Alexander Gustafsson are all training together and they were all sitting at the top of the division and probably unwilling fighting each other. Jan Blachowicz fought Ilir Latifi at UFC Stockholm, Sweden in 2014 and knocked him out in the first round. Illir Latifi wanted to fight Daniel Cormier after his 1st round win over Ovince St. Preux at UFC Orlando earlier this year. We don´t think he is ready for Cormier yet.
Tom Duquesnoy is a talented fighter and former BAMMA Bantamweight Champion before he joined the UFC. He is only 24 years old. He has a lot more to come and we believe that he is destined to great things in the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.266394
Retrieved Text: Partner Laura Ganoza, who chairs the Litigation Practice in Foley's Miami office, and associate Ryan Schmid have co-written an article in Intellectual Property Magazine, "Floridays," about what makes the Middle District of Florida such a hotbed for IP litigation.
Partner Cynthia Rigsby was quoted in a Bloomberg Law article, “Nike ‘Jumpman’ Logo Takes Center Court in Photo Copyright Fight,” about a photographer’s claim that Nike pilfered his 1984 picture of Michael Jordon to create its iconic “Jumpman” logo.
Partners Cynthia Rigsby and Jan Pirozzolo-Mellowes were quoted in a Milwaukee Business Journal article, “Foley & Lardner attorneys help grow fashion industry in Milwaukee,” about the launch of the Milwaukee Fashion Initiative.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.218636
Retrieved Text: PATNA: Bollywood actress Manisha Koirala, who survived cancer, will promote a mobile app to create preventive awareness and help people battling the disease.
“I am going to promote an app to help people living with cancer and for others about preventive measures in advance,” Koirala said at a press conference here Jan. 14.
Koirala, who was here to take part in a health and wellness festival organized by the Grameen Sneh Foundation, said she will formally launch the app Jan. 15.
“I am launching this app to provide help to people to fight and survive cancer with the right information,” said Koirala, who is a survivor of ovarian cancer.
According to her, over the years people have been misguided and misinformed about the much-feared disease.
Foundation president Sneha Routray said the app was developed with an aim to provide information about the body, mind and soul to fight cancer.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.132166
Retrieved Text: Dillashaw isn’t specific about what P.E.D. he tested positive for following his Jan. 19 loss — but says he’s “disappointed” and trying to figure out what happened, reports TMZ.
“To all my fans, I wanted to be the first one to let you know that USADA and the NYSAC have informed me an adverse finding in a test taken for my last fight,” Dillashaw says.
You may be wondering why Dillashaw still has a belt after losing to Cejudo — that fight took place in the flyweight division … so T.J.’s belt wasn’t on the line that night.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.936466
Retrieved Text: Some 130 photos, names and national identity card numbers, plus briefings on each case, were released Saturday in an article on the official WeChat account of the Lufeng public security bureau.
The rewards were raised from 30,000 to 200,000 yuan to help round up remaining suspects, a Lufeng officer who took calls told the Global Times.
The names on the wanted list have plunged from 255 to 130, said the officer, who refused to give his name.
Whistle-blowers would be handled in the strictest confidence, the article said.
The whistle-blower reward is the latest high-profile move by the Guangdong Province city that made nationwide headlines for open trials of drug dealers at a sports stadium.
In December, suspects were tried and convicted in front of thousands at a sports stadium for murder and drug dealing.
Death sentences should not be held in public, according to China's Criminal Procedure Law. They should be announced in public after review and approval by China's top court, the Supreme People's Court.
Lufeng, with a population of 2 million, was listed in 2011 as a major area in the fight against drug crime by the National Narcotics Control Commission, the Guangzhou-based Nandu Daily reported. More than 10,000 people including Communist Party officials and university anti-drug volunteers attended an event in Lufeng on Wednesday to combat drug crime.
Lufeng Party chief Wu Yumin said at the Wednesday event the city would "completely clear up drug crimes" within three years, according to a separate article by the police bureau.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.908205
Retrieved Text: As part of the Militants weekly coverage of the antideportation fight by Róger Calero, we reprint inside an article posted May 20 on the website of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press (RCFP). The article appeared under the headline Journalist wins fight to remain in United States: A native-Nicaraguan journalist working for two New York-based publications was detained by the INS for more than 10 days in December 2002, despite his permanent U.S. residency status. The RCFP provides legal assistance to journalists facing attacks.
The article is about the recent victories won by Calero, a Militant staff writer and associate editor of Perspectiva Mundial, in his fight against the U.S. governments efforts to exclude him from the United States. This story and two earlier articles that the RCFP wrote about Caleros fight can be found at www.rcfp.org.
Calero gained his first victory May 1 when his attorney, Claudia Slovinsky, received a letter from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security announcing the federal governments intention to drop its effort to deport him from the United States, stating that the immigration polices efforts to deport Calero is no longer in the best interest of the government. The second victory was registered two weeks later, when the government quickly returned Caleros Nicaraguan passport and resident green card to him, after a request by his attorney.
Supporters of Caleros fight are now pressing for a favorable ruling by a New Jersey immigration judge on the federal governments motion to terminate the exclusion proceedings against him.
Meanwhile, support for the case continues to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.742752
Retrieved Text: Újra TŐSFESZT! Tátrai Tibor, Ganxsta Zolee, Pély Barna, Leander Rising, Akela, Frankzafka és sokan mások!
Harmadik alkalommal rendezzük 2014 július 25-26-án a térségben egyedülálló, kizárólag élőzenei strandfesztiválunkat, ahol a közönség akár a medencéből is hallgathatja kedvencei koncertjét a Tősfürdőben. A TŐSFESZT idei fellépői között találjuk Tátrai Tibort és Magyar Atom blues zenekarát, Ganxsta Zolee és a Kartelt, Pély Barna remek funkrock trióját, a "B The First!" csapatot, a Leander Rising és az Akela metál hírességeket, Noa Rockot, az ország legdögösebb rockénekesnőjét, valamint a Ponyvaeregény filmzenéket és surfrockot játszó bulizenekart, a Frankzafkát. Sok további érdekes fellépő várja még a TŐSFESZT látogatóit rendkívül alacsony belépőárral (1900Ft/nap, 3500Ft/3 nap) és vasárnapi ajándék fürdőzési lehetőséggel. A komfort és élményfaktor garantált! Mindenkit sok szeretettel várunk!
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 22..
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 21..
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 20..
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 19..
This is an uncommon moving article. This kind of 007카지노 information accommodating for me and examining to straightforward. I am for all intents and purposes happy with your incredible work. You put very pleasing information. Wanting to scrutinizing your next post.
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 18..
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 17..
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 16..
If you are looking to buy some high quality toys, then you should look no further than giftmydog. If you want the best puppy toys, then you need to visit our site right now. There's a plethora of top quality stuff available there!
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 13..
Beküldő: Anonymous. Beküldés időpontja: 2019. ápr. 11..
Your post

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.713362
Retrieved Text: Building off the popularity of their fight song, the Eagles have filed an application to trademark "Fly, Eagles, Fly" on team merchandise.
The Philadelphia Eagles filed an application last week to trademark "Fly, Eagles, Fly" on merchandise, according to U.S. Patent and Trademark Office records.
The Eagles' application was filed Jan. 24, according to online records, and would apply to "men's, women's and children's clothing, namely tee shirts, caps (and) sweatshirts."
"Fly, Eagles, Fly" has been the team's fight song for decades, with roots dating all the way back to the 1940s. It is played at Lincoln Financial Field after every Eagles touchdown and has become a popular hashtag for fans on social media.
The Eagles will try to capture their first ever Super Bowl title Sunday night when they face the New England Patriots in Minneapolis.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.59396
Retrieved Text: CEDAR RAPIDS — A Cedar Rapids man, who inquired about hiring a “hit man” to kill a University of Iowa professor and another man, pleaded guilty this week to a firearms charge in federal court.
Steven Arce, 35, pleaded guilty Wednesday to the sale of a firearm to a felon, admitting he sold two firearms to a man he knew was a felon on Dec. 21 and Jan. 2 in Waterloo.
During the investigation, a confidential informant said Arce, known as “Cuban,” on Dec. 21 had several firearms at a house on Ninth Street in Waterloo. He offered to sell the informant an AR-15 and a 9 mm handgun, according to the plea agreement.
Investigators arranged for the informant to buy the rifle, according to the plea.
During the meet, the informant and Arce talked about defacing serial numbers, and Arce talked about hiring the informant to kill a UI medical professor, Dr. Christopher Cooper, in the medical school’s urology department.
Investigators later spoke with a detective from the UI Police Department. UI police reported the Carver College of Medicine called in early December, concerned that Arce was suicidal, according to court documents. Officers contacted Arce and allowed him to leave after officers determined he was not a threat to himself.
On Jan. 2, the same confidential informant again met Arce in Waterloo and asked if Arce wanted to meet the hit man the next day. Arce said he wanted to delay the hit for two weeks because he had an appeal hearing with the university, according to the plea.
Arce asked if

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.554487
Retrieved Text: The drug group may buy Juno Therapeutics, a biotech promising ways to modify immune cells to fight cancer. The two already have a partnership, but Celgene needs to grow. If it’s also sensing real potential, it could pay an eye-watering price for a firm with no approved products.
Celgene is in talks to buy Juno Therapeutics, according to a Wall Street Journal report on Jan. 16. Juno’s stock rose nearly 50 percent on Jan. 17, giving it a market capitalization of $7.7 billion at midday in New York.
Celgene agreed on Jan. 7 to buy privately held Impact Biomedicines for as much as $7 billion, depending on milestones met.
Late last year, Gilead Sciences bought Kite Pharma, a rival of Juno in developing treatments for cancer based on modifying a patient’s immune system to recognize and attack malignant cells, for nearly $12 billion.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.548883
Retrieved Text: Steve Cash was named in an article, "How Two Russian Defectors Helped the FBI Nab European Mobsters Then Wound up Stranded in Oregon," in Newsweek. Cash represented Jan and Victorya Neumann. According to the article, the couple are Russian spies who defected to the U.S. and assisted the CIA and FBI.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.485233
Retrieved Text: El Chapo: Drug Lord, Murderer, and Budding Style Icon?
Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, the Mexican drug lord, two-time prison escapee, and suspected murderer, has been the topic of news headlines this week thanks to a Rolling Stone article that resulted from a secret interview that actor Sean Penn conducted with him this past October and Guzman's arrest by Mexican authorities. Turns out, El Chapo, who is formerly the world’s most wanted drug lord, is also making headlines as a budding style icon. According to Reuters, Guzman was photographed in a shirt from Los Angeles-based apparel brand, Barabas, while shaking hands with Sean Penn for an image that accompanies the actor's Rolling Stone article about the fugitive, and the brand has experienced nearly exponential popularity as a result.
Barajas, a menswear brand, maintains a store in downtown Los Angeles, not far from Santee Alley, the flea market notorious for its sales of counterfeit fashion goods. Its owners came across the photo of Guzman and Penn, and did not waste any time to promote its shirts. Per Reuters, “Barabas quickly capitalized on the drug kingpin's taste for the abstract-design shirt that features bright blue stripes, posting on its Facebook page, ‘EL CHAPO GUZMAN WEARING BARABAS SHIRT!’ […] Later, the firm said in another post that high traffic had temporarily crashed its website, Barabasmen.com.” The brand, which rather ironically maintains the slogan, “ Good Woords, Good Thoughts, Good Deeds,” has since renamed the shirt, the Most Wanted shirt.
According to the AP, Guzman is back in the same maximum-security prison from which

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.461573
Retrieved Text: KANSAS – A front-page article in Fort Hays State University’s student newspaper about the College of Education and Technology almost losing its accreditation may not have been too popular among some readers – about 500 newspapers were missing from the building that houses the college the day the article was printed.
On Jan. 25, copies of the University Leader were delivered to Rarick Hall at approximately 10:30 a.m., and according to witnesses there was not a single copy left in the building by 11:30 a.m.
The front-page article reported that the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education sent a site visit team to Fort Hays State to inspect the education program. The program did not adhere to current standards, according to the article, and the university was subsequently put on probation pending a second visit in February to determine whether it will lose its accreditation permanently.
“It’s pretty frustrating that we’re trying to publish news on campus, and someone would resort to something illegal like this,” said Editor in Chief Will Manly. Although all of the newspapers delivered to Rarick Hall were missing, many of them were accounted for.
On Jan. 25, the University Leader received anonymous tips that faculty members from the College of Education were at fault, but officials deny having anything to do with the theft.
The Fort Hays State University Police Department is still investigating the theft.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.449112
Retrieved Text: Also: Two children were among four people hospitalized following a crash at the intersection of U.S. 30 and Pa. 995.
Dec. 20: A Chambersburg woman and Fayetteville man got into a fight outside a home on Warm Spring Road, according to Pennsylvania State Police.
Jan. 1: Stephen Gracey was charged with retail theft after allegedly stealing $254.43 in merchandise from 925 Norland Ave., Chambersburg Police said. Police did not name the store, but the address is connected to Giant Food Store.
Jan. 7: An unknown person convinced a 61-year-old woman on Molly Pitcher Highway, Guilford Township, to buy and provide the codes for $2,000 in Walmart gift cards and to transfer $700 for payment of fraudulent services, according to Pennsylvania State Police.
Jan. 10: A warrant was issued for Jorge Oscar Pereira-Pereira, who is charged with theft by unlawful taking for allegedly stealing a large sum of money from someone's wallet, according to Chambersburg Police. Anyone with information should call 717-264-4131 or leave a tip at https://franklin.crimewatchpa.com/chambersburgpd.
Jan. 12: A Chevrolet Silverado was shot with a pellet gun sometime before 2:29 p.m. this date on Walker Road, Greene Township, according to Pennsylvania State Police. A police report lists a $275 radiator and $300 automatic transmission cooling block as having been damaged.
Jan. 14: Four people, including two children, were taken to Chambersburg Hospital with suspected minor injuries after two vehicles collided on Lincoln Way West (U.S. 30) at its intersection with Warm Spring Road (Pa. 995) in Hamilton Township, according to Pennsylvania State Police. The children, ages 9 and 10, were in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.4165
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the WikiProject Czech Republic, a collaboration area and group of editors dedicated to improving Wikipedia's coverage of the Czech Republic.
This project covers the creation and editing of articles related to the lands settled by Czechs (Bohemians, Moravians, and partially Silesians) since the first settlement in Samo's Empire across the Czech lands, Czechoslovakia and the current Czech Republic. It covers all people that have been born or lived a considerable amount of their life on these lands.
Article requests : see: Wikipedia:WikiProject Czech Republic/Wanted articles.
Disambiguation : Augustinus Olomucensis, Karel Dufek, List of historical German and Czech names for places in the Czech Republic, Lobkowicz Palace, Reichsgau Sudetenland.
Expand : Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia, Ostrava, Jan Žižka, Prague Castle, Brno, Moravia, Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk, 2009 European floods, Austria-Hungary, History of the Slavic languages, Proto-Slavic, Slavic languages, Milan Knížák.
NPOV : CERGE-EI, Josef Zieleniec, Mighty Sounds, Rock for People, University of Economics, Prague.
Stubs : Parliament of the Czech Republic, Elections in the Czech Republic, Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic, Out Distance[specify].
Update : Air Accidents Investigation Institute, Czech Aeroholding, Czech presidential election, 2013, Economy of the Czech Republic, Elections in the Czech Republic, Health and social welfare in Communist Czechoslovakia, Hynek Fajmon, Independent Democrats (Czech Republic), Jan Kasl, Jaromír Drábek, Josef Řihák, Party of Free Citizens, Tereza Budková, Tomáš Zatloukal, Viktor Kožený, Vladimír Železný, Václav Havel Airport Prague, Václav Klaus, Vít Bárta.
Verify : Albrecht von Wallenstein, Holy Roman Empire, Karel Schwarzenberg, Wenceslaus II of Bohemia, Agnes of Bohemia, Duchess of Jawor, Andrej Babiš, Anne of Bohemia, Duchess of Austria, Constance of Hungary,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.406416
Retrieved Text: Anderson Silva cannot fight again until Jan. 31, 2016.
Former UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva was suspended for one year and fined following a hearing with the Nevada State Athletic Commission on Thursday after testing positive for banned substances surrounding his Jan. 31 fight against Nick Diaz.
Silva was also fined and the result of his fight against Diaz was overturned to a no contest.
The two-hour-plus hearing saw Silva and his attorney make their defense while claiming that the fighter took a tainted sexual-enhancement drug, which then caused a positive test result.
Silva tested positive for Drostanolone and Androstane — both classified as banned, performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) — following a test administered on Jan. 9. Silva also tested positive for Drostanolone again in a post-fight test on Jan. 31 as well as two more drugs — temazepam and oxazepam — that are used for anti-anxiety and sleeplessness.
During the hearing, Silva testified and claimed that the tainted supplement was a sexual-enhancement liquid given to him by a friend who purchased the drug in Thailand. Silva stated that the off-market drug similar to Viagra or Cialis was not available for purchase in the United States or Brazil. According to Silva, he knew Marcos Fernandes for approximately one year through training together in Brazil and during a conversation talking about "man stuff," Silva says he received the supplement.
Silva said he took the sexual-enhancement drug for about three months prior to the fight.
Silva and his defense team called upon Paul Scott, who previously worked with the UCLA laboratory and also testified in cases

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.39546
Retrieved Text: (HealthDay)—For patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D), there is a bidirectional association between depression and severe hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia, according to a study published online Dec. 18 in Diabetes Care.
(HealthDay)—Many patients with arteriovenous malformations of the brain have somatic activating KRAS mutations, according to a study published online Jan. 3 in the New England Journal of Medicine.
(HealthDay)—Breast implants are associated with an increased risk of anaplastic large-cell lymphoma in the breast (breast-ALCL), though the absolute risk is small, according to a study published online Jan. 4 in JAMA Oncology.
(HealthDay)—A simple static perimetry approach may yield higher-quality results than a combined perimetry approach in children younger than 10 years with glaucoma, according to a study published online Dec. 28 in JAMA Ophthalmology.
(HealthDay)—The risk of mortality is increased for certain patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with incomplete revascularization (IR), according to a study published online Dec. 27 in JAMA Cardiology.
(HealthDay)—A lack of exercise puts kids at risk for very adult problems, like obesity and diabetes.
A little known pharmaceutical company in Florida has found itself in the eye of a storm following disclosures it raised the price of an old drug used to fight brain tumors by 1,400 percent, from $50 a pill to more than $700.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.385052
Retrieved Text: Jan. 14, 2019 Updated: Jan. 14, 2019 11:41 a.m.
President John Mendelsohn, Dec. 6, 2010 in Houston, TX at MD Anderson Cancer Center.
Regarding "Trump brings fight to border wall" (Front page, Friday): The sub-headline reads, “Residents say security not the crisis president claims,” which implies that all residents down there believe there’s no crisis and therefore don’t support a wall.
The article goes on to show that some people referred to or interviewed certainly do think there’s enough of a threat or an actual crisis for additional barriers in certain places.
Some of the opinion, facts and observations in the tail end of the article directly contradict the conclusion put forth in the sub-headline, which is prominently placed at the front and center — and on the front page to boot.
Regarding “Shutdown is hurting many workers like me” (Outlook, Friday): All employment, government or private, is dependent upon proper resources to pay for itself. This doesn’t mean all workers are merely hostages or pawns to their employer’s budgets.
Yes, the continued employment of all government workers is dependent upon Congress funding their particular departments. The author knew that when he chose government work.
Regarding “Shame on McClain” (Letters, Wednesday): A Texans fan wanted an apology from John McClain for stating the real facts about the Texans. He doesn’t owe them an apology. The Texans owe the fans an apology and I wonder why Texans coach Bill O’Brien is still standing.
The Texans should withdraw from the NFL and see if they can be hired as a practice squad for Alabama. At least

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.273548
Retrieved Text: At the beginning of every month, I feature my recurring “Veteran Watch” article, which takes a look at some notable veterans competing on the regional/overseas circuit. In this article, I recap how these veteran fighters fared in their respective bouts for the month of January.
Eric Spicely def. Leo Pla via TKO, RD. 1.
Former UFC middleweight Spicely competed outside the UFC for the first time since Oct. 2015 and earned his first win since Jan. 2017. Pla meanwhile has now lost four of his last five fights.
UFC veteran Joby Sanchez ended his two-fight losing streak with a unanimous nod over Demetrius Wilson in a flyweight bout. Sanchez went winless in his return to the UFC losing to Roberto Sanchez and most recently Mark De La Rosa at UFC Fight Night 139. Wilson returned to the cage for the first time in 16 months and has now lost two fights in a row for the first time in his career.
TUF 27 Finalist Giannetti gets back on the winning track while Barry has his two-fight win streak snapped.
Former UFC lightweight Silverio earns his second win in his last three fights while Agujev’s four-fight win streak is put to a halt.
Former Bellator title challenger Cooper picks up his third straight win while Amagov falls to 10-2 overall.
UFC veteran Carnerio suffers his third straight loss while Kushagov has now alternated between wins and losses in his last eight fights.
Is there a notable MMA veteran who competed last month that I missed? Hit me up on Twitter @LynchOnSports, and I’ll add it

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.173437
Retrieved Text: JAN AT THE INFORMATION DESK: ANYBODY UP FOR A "GOOD TIME"?
Jan at the information desk is up to her neck in work and wanted to take this opportunity to see if anybody out there was up for a good time.
We should warn you that the words "good time" cover an ever expanding territory for our citadel of service to the information seeking reader. For instance, one "good time" Jan hot wired a city bus and took a bar full of strangers to Atlantic City for the weekend without leaving a phone number or any information about where she was staying. That's our spontaneous combuster! Needless to say all arrived home in fairly good shape with spotty memories of a fist fight on the boardwalk with a guy named One Eye and a girl named Shady Lady or some other name that sounds like it came from a Bruce Springsteen song. Another time, Jan decided it would be a great idea to send a computer virus to all of her friends and congress. We don't have to tell you how that one ended. We're still paying the legal bills for that.
So if you really are up for a good time, by all means join Jan and her life without a plan romp. Yes, we used the word romp and we don't bring that out unless the circumstances fit. Trust us, this will be a romp, and maybe a barnburner, though Jan has already been there and done that, four times if our memory serves us well. "Good

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.165112
Retrieved Text: What was the first wikipedia article published?
Update: I know that the first post was in 2001, I am just curious WHAT that first post was. Thanks.
Best Answer: The first ever edit of wikipedia was a test edit by Jimbo Wales.
Nupedia project is started with Larry Sanger running the daily operations and formulating much of the initial policies. The Wikipedia.com domain is created: January 12, 2001; the Wikipedia.org domain is created January 13, 2001 00:12:14 UTC and goes online Jan 13 according to alexa; project formally opens Jan 15 ('Wikipedia Day'); the first international Wikipedias are created (March-May: French, German, Catalan, Swedish); "Neutral point of view" (NPOV) policy is formally formulated; first slashdotter wave arrives July 26. The first media report about Wikipedia appears in August 2001 coincidentally by the newspaper Wales on Sunday.
Well I'm not sure what the first wikipedia article was (yet) but I narrowed down the time it probably was published in 2001 or 2002.
First ever article published on wikipedia?
Why can't i publish my wikipedia article?
How to publish an article on Wikipedia? 10 points!?
Can we publish Wikipedia articles on another website without violating copyrights?
Recently wrote a Wikipedia article. How do I publish it and make it searchable?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.15798
Retrieved Text: 07 Jan, 2019 Monday - Jerome Le Banner celebrated his birthday - 51 today!
07 Jan, 2019 Monday - Eli Armis celebrated his birthday - 48 today!
27 Dec, 2018 Thursday - Jorry Benton celebrated his birthday - 34 today!
21 Dec, 2018 Friday - Ryo Narushima celebrated his birthday - 49 today!
10 Dec, 2018 Monday - Phil Benton celebrated his birthday - 27 today!
06 Dec, 2018 Thursday - Grant Benton celebrated his birthday - 50 today!
29 Nov, 2018 Thursday - Fredy Benton celebrated his birthday - 40 today!
14 Nov, 2018 Wednesday - Nic Tatarapulous celebrated his birthday - 26 today!
07 Nov, 2018 Wednesday - Aleksander Benton celebrated his birthday - 26 today!
14 Oct, 2018 Sunday - Jerome Le Banner celebrated his birthday - 50 today!
After the upcoming law003 event if/when my fighter Wayne Barret wins the 265+ title , we want to defend it against you but wanted to know if you would drop a few lbs for the fight?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.140715
Retrieved Text: Daniel Cormier made history on Saturday night, knocking out Stipe Miocic in the first round of their bout to become the second person in UFC history to hold championships in two weight classes at the same time. Right after Cormier’s victory, Brock Lesnar made his way into the octagon, setting up a showdown between the pair.
The immediate aftermath, though, led to plenty of people wondering if we’ll get this fight as soon as possible. It also led to people wondering what “as soon as possible” actually is — reports indicated the fight between the two will go down in November at Madison Square Garden, but due to questions about whether Lesnar can get cleared to fight in time, that seemed to be a bit ambitious.
The bad news is a November showdown in New York City isn’t going to happen, but the good news is we finally received clarity on when Lesnar will be eligible to fight. According to a statement released by the United States Anti-Doping Agency, Lesnar is free to compete starting on Jan. 8, 2019.

================



======= Instance Index 29722 =========
Input Text: Context: Lee will come over and visit later today.

Question: Why did Lee do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: gossip

B: be neighborly

C: get directions to the house

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.992598
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Dentistry on University!
Dentistry on University is a brand new office in the heart of downtown Toronto that strives to exceed your expectations of what a visit to the dentist should be.
Come visit us today. We look forward to meeting you.
"Dr. Lee has provided great dental care for me and my family since she has opened up. She is knowledgeable, friendly and willing to answer any questions I may have. I highly recommend to people that if you or your family are currently looking for a new dentist to please see Dr.Lee. Your dental experience will be much different and improved after a visit with Dr. Gina Lee!"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.756334
Retrieved Text: Mr Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore’s Founding Prime Minister, died on 23 March 2015. He was one of the most illustrious recipients of the Fellowship of Imperial College.
Mr Lee served as Singapore’s Prime Minister for 31 years from 1959 to 1990, later becoming Senior Minister and Minister Mentor. During this period, Imperial and Singapore forged a wide range of education and research ties and in 2002 the College recognised Mr Lee’s extraordinary achievements with the award of the Fellowship of Imperial College at a graduation ceremony on its annual Commemoration Day.
On the eve of the ceremony, Mr Lee took the chance to reminisce about his first visit to London as a student in 1946, sharing some of his characteristically forthright views on Britain and the world at a special dinner for over 600 Imperial alumni, staff, students and friends held in the Natural History Museum’s Dinosaur Hall.
In 1965, when Singapore achieved independence, 19 Singaporean students attended Imperial. Today the College educates 400 Singaporean students, has a 2,000-strong alumni community, and Imperial researchers publish hundreds of joint papers with partners in Singapore.
The College’s ever growing ties with Singapore culminated in the establishment of the Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine (LKCMedicine), a joint medical school between Imperial and Nanyang Technological University (NTU), which welcomed its first students in 2013.
In October 2014, Singapore’s President Dr Tony Tan visited Imperial as part of his first UK State Visit, going on to lay the foundation stones for new buildings at LKCMedicine in January 2015.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.68974
Retrieved Text: Lee Hsien Loong calls on Israel and the Palestinians during his speech at Hebrew University to resume direct negotiations.
Lee Hsien Loong arrived in Israel on Monday for a four-day visit, the first ever visit to Israel by a Singaporean prime minister.
During a speech at the Hebrew University where he received an honorary doctorate, Lee noted with gratitude the defense aid and advice Singapore has received from Israel over the years.
“In August 1965, when Singapore unexpectedly became independent, the Israel Defense Forces helped us to develop the Singapore Armed Forces,” he said. “We asked a number of countries, but only Israel responded to us, and it did so very promptly.
Israel and Singapore established diplomatic ties in 1969 and in recent years the country has emerged as a significant trading partner for the Jewish state.
For instance, in 2015 the countries conducted some $1.35 billion of trade, which was more trade than Israel did that year with all but eight of the 28 EU countries, including Sweden, Austria, Denmark and Portugal.
Lee is accompanied by his wife, Ho Ching, and a 60-member delegation, including his foreign minister and environment and water resources minister. The current prime minister is the son of Singapore’s founder, Lee Kuan Yew.
Lee arrived Monday from Jordan via the Allenby Bridge, received the honorary doctorate at the Hebrew University, and toured the capital’s Old City. He is set to go to the Temple Mount on Wednesday.
The prime minister is scheduled to meet Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday, and on Wednesday spend about three hours of his

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.64858
Retrieved Text: "I have always been extremely cavity prone and having lots of fillings done as a child left me pretty phobic when it came to dentistry. Dr. Lee and his team understood this and went out of their way to make sure I was comfortable. And now, eight veneers later, I have a gorgeous smile. I wouldn’t go to anyone else. I’ve recommended Dr. Lee to so many people in my office. He’s all about doing the dentistry that’s right for the patient."
Galleria Dental Aesthetics has three convenient dental offices located in McLean, South Riding, and Arlington, VA. Dr. Chong Lee and his team offer superior dental care to our patients in the Northern Virginia area. We provide our patients with a dental experience unlike any other; we offer a number of amenities including picking you up at the airport in a limousine, video immersion goggles, and high-tech massage chairs. We are committed to providing you a comfortable and highly personalized dental visit that will not feel like a dental visit at all!
As graduates of the world-renowned Las Vegas Institute for Advanced Dental Studies, we are committed to a higher standard of service and expertise. Through continuing education and a strong dedication to remain abreast of cutting edge dental technology, we are able to provide our patients with the safest, most effective cosmetic dental treatments available today.
We also serve patients who may be suffering from the painful symptoms of temporomandibular joint disorder (TMD), which can often be alleviated through neuromuscular dentistry techniques.
Our long track record of proven

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.638388
Retrieved Text: The merger between Great Finds and Lee River Collections has resulted in a fabulous new Winnipeg fashion boutique — Great Finds & Lee River. Exquisite, describes the look and feel as you walk in. Staff are excited to show you all the bright new fashions and decor. Our great service and customer care will continue at the heart of our store.
Our location is the same as our former store — in the Southdale Square Mall (off Fermor Ave.) 160-115 Vermillion Rd. See you there!
Winnipeg women deserve something beautiful, extraordinary and “special”. Some little treat or treasure to brighten up an outfit, accent a corner of your home, yard or office, and put a smile on the face of someone you love.
It’s all here — the most eclectic and affordable women’s fashion and home decor boutique — at Winnipeg’s own Great Finds & Lee River. The owners, Laurie Carey and Shauna Hlady, believe they learn about their business by listening to their customers. A visit to Great Finds & Lee River Ladies Boutique and Gift Shop often sparks a visceral reaction in customers.
Great Finds & Lee River wants to help Winnipeg women look as beautiful on the outside as they are on the inside. We look for exciting and unusual, affordable fashion pieces that will keep you in the Winnipeg fashion scene. We carry a full range of styles and sizes so our customers feel their best when they leave the store. Come in today and see all our great fashion ideas.
Whatever your mood — fun and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.214025
Retrieved Text: While the central plains of the United States are enjoying a hot day today (up to +35 °C down in Texas and SW Oklahoma and up to +30 °C in SW Kansas), there is an extremely intense Arctic outbreak expected tonight and tomorrow. A sharp cold front will bring more than 30 °C colder temperatures and a blizzard in only 12-18 hours, through the High Plains and western Central Plains. It is already snowing in NE Colorado, Wyoming and W Nebraska today!
A deep trough will rapidly push across the central United States, resulting in a textbook intense frontogenesis developing in the lee side of the Rockies over E Colorado and Kansas later today and tonight.
Further west, significant cold advection will push south and temperature change from today afternoon vs tomorrow afternoon are beyond anything experienced in Europe!
Attached are the comparison maps of real-feel temperatures / windchill today later afternoon vs. tomorrow morning – an unprecedented difference over W Kansas!
Here is an example for one location – Garden City in SW Kansas – the incredible temperature change from +30 °C this afternoon to snowfall and -2 °C with powerful cold NW winds by tomorrow morning! Yes, from peak summer clothes back into winter clothes!
On the lee side of the cyclone, quite significant accumulated snow is expected, while the most snow is likely over South Dakota and Minnesota – up to 50 cm fresh snow until Friday!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.871323
Retrieved Text: April 2,2015 Joel Houston and Carl Lentz the co lead pastors of Hillsong Church New York appeared on the TODAY Show with Kathy Lee and Hoda. Joel is the worship leader for the Australian Christian band Hillsong United. Then that was their first live American broadcast television appearance of the band, which performed at the time “Touch the sky” from their Empires Album. You can watch that video here.
Fast forward 17 months later Hillsong United will be appearing Live for the second time on the TODAY show with Kathie Lee and Hoda tomorrow morning September 6th 2016 on NBC. With the release of the documentary film of the worship band “Let Hope Rise” a Hillsong Movie in theaters next Friday Sept 16th, which chronicles the band’s life and the music they create to bless people around the world, bringing worship to the theaters.
Come back later this week to read my review On the film.
So what can we expect to see and hear from the Australian worship band? Topics will include the film release of Let Hope Rise and maybe a performance from their newest visual album “of Dirt and Grace” which was filmed in key biblical locations in Isreal and Lebanon.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.673529
Retrieved Text: Lee first emerged as one of the most prolific and beloved comic book writers of all time after years as a journeyman storywriter, assistant, and editor in the mid-20th century. But it is his later work in the 1960s and 1970s, particularly in partnership with master artists like Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, which is widely seen as having heralded in the Silver Age of comics..
During this period, Lee emerged as a world-class entertainment mogul; and created or co-created some of the most iconic characters in literary and media history, from Spider-Man to the Incredible Hulk to the X-Men. These superheroes have in the last two decades come to dominate media, engendering a generation of sci-fi/fantasy and genre-loving filmmakers and fans throughout the world. Among these fans are Prop Store founder Stephen Lane and Prop Store Los Angeles COO Brandon Alinger, who were lucky enough to meet Lee before his passing.
Though Lee’s later years were dotted with legal and personal scuffles (including with Marvel Comics), Lee remained for many the face of that company for more than fifty years. Loyal fans of Marvel’s many film and television adaptations came to anticipate his tongue-in-cheek cameos such that his bespectacled and mustachioed face is today nearly as iconic as the characters themselves.
Between his youthful vitality and trademark playfulness, Stan Lee was the paradigmatic creative factotum, an infinitely creative genius from a bygone era. His many culture-shifting inventions changed the history of the planet, and will not soon be forgotten. Excelsior!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.657879
Retrieved Text: • Hon'ble Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had a luncheon meeting with the Singapore Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr K Shanmugam on the 4th day of her visit to Singapore.
• On the 3rd day of her Singapore visit, Hon’ble Chief Minister addressed a Business Summit - `Come to Bengal, Ride the Growth’.
• Hon’ble Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee paid a courtesy visit to the Hon’ble Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong, on her 2nd day of visit to the country.
• On the first day of her 5-day Singapore visit, Hon’ble Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee paid tribute at Indian National Army Memorial at Esplanade Park, Singapore. After paying tributes at the Indian National Army Memorial, Hon’ble Chief Minister visited the Jurong Bird Park and the Ramakrishna Mission in Singapore.
• The West Bengal government will set up a five acre bird sanctuary within the Eco-Park at Rajarhat in Kolkata , Hon’ble Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said at Singapore on Monday. After taking a tour round the famous Jurong Bird Park in Singapore, the West Bengal Chief Minister said the sanctuary will come up over a five acre area.
• Hon'ble Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee left for a 5-day official visit to Singapore. This was her first visit to any foreign nation as the Chief Minister.
• On her visit to the Dinajpurs and Maldah, Hon’ble Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee chaired an administrative review meeting at Gangarampur in Dakshin Dinajpur . She chaired meetings with officials of both Uttar and Dakshin Dinajpur, and district level police officials at Rabindra Bhawan. The Chief

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.55004
Retrieved Text: Come see Catelyn at your local Portland Gateway office about a used car loan today.
Come see Catelyn at your local Portland Gateway office about what we can do for a consumer loan for any financing you need.
Beaverton Drop in and speak to Rick at your local Beaverton office about your motorcycle loan today.
Gladstone Visit Juan at your local Gladstone office about money for a vacation.
Grants Pass Visit JC at your local Grants Pass office for help with a used auto loan now.
Hillsboro Visit Lee at your local Hillsboro office about what we can do for a consumer loan for any financing you need.
La Grande Drop in and speak to Shawn at your local La Grande office about a used car loan today.
McMinnville Visit Brent at your local McMinnville office about money for a vacation.
Salem Visit Loren at your local Salem office about what we can do for a consumer loan for any financing you need.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.345049
Retrieved Text: Size Chart Size Chart Close. If you are between sizes. This pair of jeans features a roll cuff hem, whiskering never ships or does not inside our archive. Just like our founder, H. Click here to view current. See More Blair Pants. We will give you a back within 5 days of and fading, and subtl Step a refund.
A casual wear favorite, these stretch waistband that gives you a smooth, flat finish, and You'll love the fit and decorativ Inthe Lazy "S" became the official Lee back pocket. Lee, our passion is helping. Look good and feel great. Lightly faded, medium w The straight-leg silhouette of the Cult jean from Alexander Wang gets problem in the Poshmark app or website immediately: The seller the s This item has been added to your list. Youll love the wide pull-on Freedom skinny leg jeans by Lee feature a casual 5-pocket styling, solid color design, and feel of these pants. When in doubt, buy a. If no claim is made all of the bundled items in one box. Please enter a valid From. Taylor Swift is known for. Watch the product video here.
Explore Lee's collection of women's jeans and denim. From bootcut jeans to denim leggings, visit online for women's jeans that offer the best in style and fit. Lee collection doesn’t stop a jeans. They have an exciting selection of cargo pants, trousers, and chinos. Their trousers and essential chinos are flattering cuts that will look great on any shape. Find women's jeans for work and play. Women's

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.320223
Retrieved Text: "Black" Viennese Master Instruments & 100+ Year Old fractional violins of 1/8 size or smaller. Also Anything Bergonzi.
I emailed him over a week back and never got a response. I’m here now and have connected with a local snake expert who will take me and my daughter into the jungle looking for snakes. And I might still make it to the heritage museum to see the Bruce Lee collection. Thanks for trying.
OK, I'll stick to seeing the Bruce Lee collection at the Heritage Museum then.
If you see anything you like I can get closer images next time I visit. Doesn't seem to be much interest, but just in case.
I will be in Hong Kong later this month and would like to see any instruments on display at museums or other institutions. Anyone know of anything instrument-related to do while I’m there other than attend a concert?
Excellent photos, thanks for sharing this with us.
Not sure. I do know that Julie Reed-Yeboah has some connection to the instruments, I believe she works on them in some capacity.
I was back at the MET museum today with my 2 year old boy and was excited to see the other wing had opened 2 months ago. Here are some quick cellphone photos. There were actually some violins, violas, and a cello! And one of them has a cool decoration on the tailpiece. One of the violins was from Maine too! If you see anything that you want a better view of, let me know and I’ll hook it up next time

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.141752
Retrieved Text: This Local’s Free Day was generously sponsored by Lee Ann and Ellsworth Clarke.
Enjoy Free Admission to the Park City Museum today! Visit for the first time, revisit your favorite exhibits, or come check out our traveling exhibit, “Step Right Up of the Behind The Scenes Circus Big Top-1890-1965” that explores the life and culture of the circus during the early 20th century.
We will have hands-on activities all about “Step Right Up” in the Tozer Gallery throughout the day.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.066277
Retrieved Text: Meetville is a dating site, which will help you to meet the local single in Fort Lee, Virginia, United States, searching in thousands of single people looking for each . Fort Lee Virginia's best % FREE dating site. Meeting nice single men in Fort Lee Virginia can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be! Mingle2's. Online Dating in Fort Lee for Free Start meeting new people in Fort Lee with POF! Start browsing and messaging more singles by registering to POF, the. Helping you find local dating, real people, real friends, real dating over internet. Looking for a Man Woman. Start meeting singles in Fort Lee datjng with our free online personals and free Fort Lee chat! That's why Fort Lee singles come back, time and time again! Sign up in 30 seconds and meet someone. You'll be Pleased by our Members. Lee Mont Personal Ads crystal Find local singles in Fort Lee, Virginia! Happy and in love. If you're tired of trolling bars and swiping left on datibg same Fort Lee singles over and over, then it's time to join the 1 casual dating site, OBC. Join OBC for free today and you'll understand why we've been so successful helping Fort Lee singles meet and get lucky for over 15 years. Get Lucky with someone special Location: I'm a nice and caring s a dating online who does not tolerate BS and straight forward like to have fun and joke around i have a great sense of humor. You are a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.872242
Retrieved Text: Rely on Firestone Complete Auto Care for all your automotive services near Lee. Find your nearest location and book an appointment today!
Engine knock, oil leak, or low tire pressure, our technicians will fix it. Turn to your local Firestone Complete Auto Care for all your vehicle maintenance. You can rely on our experienced technicians to provide superior automotive repair near Lee, on top of maintenance, oil changes, brakes, car batteries, engine tune-ups, alignment, and much more. We care about every hose and gasket in your car or truck, but we also care about you and your budget. That means we'll never recommend a repair or service that isn't right for your needs. After all, our technicians and associates are drivers too! Plus, our Triple Promise Guarantee means that your car will be Fixed Right, Priced Right, and Done Right On Time. With around 1,700 Firestone Complete Auto Care stores around the country, you should always be close to vehicle maintenance and car repair you can trust.
We'll help keep things under the hood in working order, but also your tires and wheels. Buying the right car or truck tires can be one of the top ways to help keep it going strong. Whether you're shopping for rugged all-terrain tires or smooth touring tires, we've got the right tire selection for your budget, climate, vehicle type, and driving style. And if you just need a quick flat tire plug or pressure check? You can depend on us. Browse tires in-store or online and turn to your Firestone Complete

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.843838
Retrieved Text: (New York – Nov. 1, 2006) Take a pinch of science, a drop of politics, a grain of absurdity and newspaper readers will almost always get THE BRILLIANT MIND OF EDISON LEE, an intelligent left-leaning comic strip that masterfully mixes social commentary and humor. Created by cartoonist John Hambrock and syndicated by King Features, The Brilliant Mind of Edison Lee launches in newspapers worldwide on Nov. 12, 2006.
The Brilliant Mind of Edison Lee centers on Edison Lee, an atypical 10-year-old boy genius, who along with his parents, grandfather and talking lab rat, comment on current political, economic and social concerns facing Americans today. The inquisitive, young Edison likes to take various, ordinary topics and add his own unique perspectives to them, often using zany, elaborate inventions to help illustrate his thoughts.
•	Don Lee, Edison’s father, is extremely proud of his son’s unusual gifts. He works hard to instill in Edison his same hardworking, middle-class American values.
•	Carol Lee, an educator, is Edison’s mother. She is the politically correct member of the family and the juggler of the family’s day-to-day needs.
•	Orville Lee, Edison’s paternal grandfather, spends his day fussing over his medications and complaining about his latest doctor’s visit.
•	Joules is Edison’s delightfully naive laboratory assistant. His only knowledge of the outside world is filtered through Edison’s sociopolitical perspective.
“John’s artwork is clearly very good, but upon further examination, it is his writing that makes him stand out. He has the ability to write social and political commentary in a disarming way, and neatly package it with the right amount of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.843199
Retrieved Text: Bruce Lee’s 70th Birthday Celebration was an extraordinary event held on November 27th 2010 in the city of his birth, San Francisco, at the Empress of China, Grant Street in Chinatown. I was invited to attend by Bruce’s wife, Linda Lee Cadwell, and daughter, Shannon Lee, along with other friends, family, martial artists and fans from all over the world. We gathered to honour the most famous martial artist of our time. During the early 60’s Bruce Lee lived about 2 miles from my family home near San Francisco and would often come to visit and train with my father, Wally Jay, the founder of Small Circle Jujitsu. Bruce and Linda Lee would later move to Southern California where Bruce took on the part of Kato in the television series “The Green Hornet” before building his movie career and becoming a successful writer, director and international movie star famous for his lead role in Enter the Dragon.
The Bruce Lee Foundation hosted a 70th birthday celebration at the Empress of China on Grant Avenue San Francisco Chinatown and guests from far and wide came for the event guided by Linda Lee Cadwell and Shannon Lee. Events began with a traditional Lion Dance display by highly skilled artists before Shannon Lee Cadwell gave a warm welcome to all those in attendance, a gathering that included Grandmasters, actors and dignitaries. Throughout the evening there were martial arts demonstrations and speeches by friends and family of Bruce, sharing their memories and experiences of him. Also featured was ‘So You Think

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.81064
Retrieved Text: If you enjoy spending time outside entertaining friends and family, the perfect deck can be the right centerpiece for any occasion. Decks By Lee has proudly been serving Middletown, Camp Hill, Carlisle, Harrisburg, Hershey, and the surrounding region for over 22 years, we are the deck builders you can depend on to bring your idea to life.
If you can envision it, we will create it. We build residential decks using a variety of materials to provide you with something that's durable and will last for years to come. You can talk to us about what you'd like, such as custom railings and stairs or wheelchair-accessible options. Call 717-557-6064 today to get a free estimate on custom deck construction.
Your deck will be built out of cedar, PVC, composite or pressure-treated materials. Get the deck you're dreaming of by contacting Decks By Lee today, serving Middletown, Mechanicsburg & Carlisle, PA and the surrounding Harrisburg area.
With more than 22 years of experience in the decking industry, Decks By Lee will create the structure you want for your residential property. Instead of spreading ourselves out on too many different services, we've decided to prioritize decks to bring you the best options possible. We focus on the details and provide outstanding customer service to give you the custom deck you're dreaming of.
Contact Decks By Lee today to have us start building a deck in Middletown, Mechanicsburg & Carlisle, PA & surrounding areas.
Copyright © 2019 Decks By Lee, all rights reserved.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.747284
Retrieved Text: Today, Focus Features announced that Academy Award® winning director Spike Lee’s BlacKkKlansman will open in theaters later this summer on August 10, 2018 starring previously announced John David Washington, Adam Driver (Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Inside Llewyn Davis), Laura Harrier (Spider-Man: Homecoming), and Topher Grace (Traffic, Spider-Man 3).
From visionary director Spike Lee comes the provocative story based on Ron Stallworth’s real life as Colorado Springs’s first African-American police officer who went undercover to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan. Unbelievably, Detective Stallworth (John David Washington) and his partner Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) penetrate the KKK at its highest levels to thwart its attempt to take over the city. Produced by the team behind the Academy-Award® winning Get Out, Spike Lee uses his trademark take-no-prisoner style and humor to tell this story often missing from the history books.
BlacKkKlansman is being produced by Sean McKittrick and Raymond Mansfield for QC Entertainment, Jason Blum for Blumhouse, Jordan Peele for Monkeypaw, Spike Lee, and Shaun Redick. QC’s Edward H. Hamm Jr. will serve as Executive Producer.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.72834
Retrieved Text: I have finally started the rebuild of my 1968 CZ side piper 250cc. I Have had the forks rechromed and about to rebuild them. The next job is the wheels so I need to know what the original gold colour is for the Hubs.
I hate it when they are just painted or powder coated gold and it looks nothing like the original colour. I can't be the first to do this job so what did you blokes use.
The original colour is from a dichromate dip just after casting, there is a guy in the states who has done it but to be honest it looked quite dull & plain.
The colour on second photo looks to be the ducks guts. I know very little about the CZ suppliers at the moment, only maybe Les at VMX Unlimited. Is this paint something that is available to buy from Lee Holth or is it something that I will have to try to blend myself and hope to get it close to the colour pictured.
I think that is the finish he provides on hubs he restores for people, not sure if he sells it.
who is lee holth where does he come from, would like his contact details.
He's been building and riding CZs since the 70's.Got his own website Lee Holths CZ World which I think is still running.Usually has some bikes/parts for sale on the vintage us mx site including sidepipe rear hubs.I have an email adress for him at home which I can get to you later today.
About to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.715387
Retrieved Text: It's been almost two weeks since Kathie Lee Gifford said goodbye to TODAY, but she's already had a chance to say hello to the newest member of the TODAY family.
As viewers (and the rest of us) learned Tuesday morning, Hoda Kotb just welcomed her second child to the world — a baby girl named Hope Catherine — and that good news has Hoda's former fourth-hour partner overjoyed.
"Hoda's a mama again!" Kathie Lee raved during a live visit to Fox News' "The Five" Tuesday. "I'm thrilled about that."
But she said that the news wasn't entirely unexpected as far as she was concerned.
"I knew that was coming," she added. "I just didn't know when it was coming."
Hoda had voiced her desire to expand her family by adopting another baby — both to friends and in her prayers — before her wish became a reality.
"In my heart I was like, 'Please, God, I hope this is something you anticipate for me,'' she told TODAY when she made her official baby announcement via phone. "To get the call is so mind-blowing, you can't believe someone's saying, 'Come and get her; she's here.' It's amazing."
As for Kathie Lee, she's already had a chance to set eyes on that amazing new addition.
No, but we FaceTimed and she’s GORGEOUS!
When a fan on Twitter reached out and asked if she'd had any hands-on time with Hope, Kathie Lee said, "No, but we FaceTimed, and she's GORGEOUS."

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.690104
Retrieved Text: Eighteen-year-old Danny Lee of New Zealand became the youngest winner in U.S. Amateur Championship history Sunday when he put on a birdie clinic in defeating Drew Kittleson, 19, of Scottsdale, Ariz., 5 and 4, in the scheduled 36-hole final match at Pinehurst No. 2.
"I feel like I’m in a dreamland, I really can’t believe it," Lee said. "Drew played very well today and he put the pressure back on me this afternoon, but I just tried to hang in there and hit good shots."
One month past his 18th birthday, Lee is six months younger than Tiger Woods was in 1994, when Woods won the first of his three consecutive Amateur titles. Lee also became the second consecutive player from New Zealand to win a USGA championship at Pinehurst, following Michael Campbell’s victory in the 2005 U.S. Open. "I guess this golf course likes New Zealanders," said Lee with a smile.
In addition, Lee is the fourth international champion to win the U.S. Amateur title in the last six years (Nick Flanagan in 2003; Edoardo Molinari in 2005; Richie Ramsay in 2006).
Lee initially fell behind Kittleson and was 2 down through six holes before taking the lead for good midway through the morning. Lee carded four birdies over a seven-hole stretch to grab a 5-up advantage through the first 18 holes.
After the break, Kittleson was able to cut into Lee’s lead and was only 2 down through 26 holes before the Rotorua High School senior regained control of the match with back-to-back birdies on the par-3 ninth (hole

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.583504
Retrieved Text: Claudia Rankine will discuss race in America and West Michigan. She will go over her book “Citizen: An American Lyric”, winner of the 2014 National Book Critics Circle Award in Poetry. The author’s visit is part of the Community Reading Project sponsored jointly with Grand Valley State University (www.gvsu.edu/read). Rankine is a poet, playwrite and the Henry G. Lee Professor of English at Pomona College. She authored five collections of petry. Her honors include Lannan Foundation and National Endowments for the Arts fellowships. Rankine was awarded the Academy Fellowship for distinguished poetic achievement by the Academy of American Poets, where she was later elected a chancellor.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.564049
Retrieved Text: The Stud of the Sea shared his thoughts on the last episode Below Deck. Captain Lee Rosbach did not hold anything back.
In his personal blog, Captain Lee exclaimed, “Let’s get Chandler [Brooks] out of the way.” Yes, Captain lets, because enough cannot be said about the former My Seanna Bosun at this point. Do we want to bother anymore?
This seems like a fair assessment. Chandler rotated around his own orbit with little interaction between other crew members. His schedule would vary between eating, napping, and scolding his deck team. Captain Lee wished Chandler the best for his future, but made sure to add “just not on my boat.” And not on any future episodes of Below Deck!
The other minnow that departed during the last episode was Caroline Bedol. She abandoned ship after succumbing to her own paranoia about Kate Chastain and Josiah Carter. Before she left, Caroline misrepresented what was said when Josiah confronted her about getting up for work.
Let’s talk about the “radio” incident, as Captain Lee called the blasting of “eviction music” from Kate’s mobile device. Captain Lee separated the crew involved into those on the right side, and those on the wrong side of that decision. Kate and Josiah were rightfully rebuked for terrorizing the already rattled Caroline. Ross received praise for shutting it down, and Caroline got the only bit of sympathy she deserved.
I feel like this could apply to Rhylee too. Captain Lee called out Rhylee on her hostility toward her crewmates. He remarked, “Is there anyone that you are not

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.547943
Retrieved Text: Grand Master Haeng Ung Lee was born on July 20, 1936 in Manchuria, China. One of the original pioneers that brought martial arts to America, he founded the American Taekwondo Association, the World Traditional Taekwondo Union, and Songahm Taekwondo Federation, which presides over 250,000 members worldwide including schools in South America, Africa, Europe, Asia, and the United States. The students of Grand Master Lee include over 14,000 black belts and over 3,000 certified instructors in more than 900 schools and clubs in the U.S. alone. He strived to make the world a better place by teaching the values of life through martial arts. Grand Master Lee passed away on October 5, 2000 after a hard fought battle with cancer. He left his legacy to the hundreds of thousands of students across the world.
He was born in Manchuria, China on July 20, 1936, and soon after World War II, his family relocated in Korea. Beginning his martial arts training in 1953, he received his first degree black belt in 1954. He graduated from high school and entered the Korean Army as a Taekwondo trainer for special troops in 1956. He retired from the army three years later to open a Taekwondo school at Osan Air Force Base.
While teaching at his school on the military base, Grand Master Lee met and trained American serviceman Richard Reed. When it came time for Reed to return to the states, he invited Grand Master Lee to join him. Grand Master came to the United States in 1962, established himself as a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.54697
Retrieved Text: The Face of Marvel, Stan Lee is to receive the best ever send off at Hollywood Memorial.
Acknowledging the best ever creations left behind by the literary superhero titan Stan Lee, POW! Entertainment couldn't come up with the better way to pay tribute to the legendary writer.
Nothing could be more appropriate than the superhero send off to the Marvel comics mastermind who helped bring over a dozen of the ultimate superheroes to the world.
The legendary comic book creator will be commemorated at a Los Angeles memorial on Wednesday night.
The public remembrance and celebration of Lee will include comic fans alongside Lee's friends and colleagues, which is to be held around Lee's hand and footprints outside the TCL Chinese Theatre.
Additionally, the event will be followed by a private gathering inside the theatre which will be attended by Filmmaker and Lee super-fan Kevin Smith, actor Mark Hamill and Lee’s daughter J.C. Lee.
The evening will include speakers, musical performances, an art exhibition, costumes and props from Lee’s creations and Marvel-movie cameos.
Lee's co-creation with comic artists included The Fantastic Four, Thor, Iron Man, Spider-Man, Black Panther and most of the other heroes in the Marvel comic and cinematic universes.
The extraordinarily creative creator of almost all outstanding marvel superhero comics died at a Los Angeles hospital in November at age 95. He was later laid to rest in a small private funeral the same week.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.546185
Retrieved Text: Taipei, Jan. 25 (CNA) Lee Ching-yu (李凈瑜), the wife of jailed Taiwanese democracy advocate Lee Ming-che (李明哲), has again been denied approval to visit her husband in the Hunan province prison in which he is being held, the Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF) confirmed Friday.
"Lee's application to visit her husband was again recently rejected by prison authorities without an explanation," SEF spokeswoman Kuan An-lu (管安露) said.
Kuan suggested that the prison may have turned down Lee's request to visit her husband earlier this month because of the heavy traffic expected in China ahead of the Chinese New Year holiday.
But she urged the Chinese side to fully protect the rights of the imprisoned person and his family and said the SEF will continue to help his family members relay their concerns to Chishan Prison.
Lee was repeatedly denied visits to her imprisoned husband starting in September 2018 until December, when she was eventually allowed to see him in Chishan Prison.
Lee said at the time that her husband was in poor health and being treated inhumanely in the prison, and that he was unable to buy the food and clothes he needed to withstand the prison's conditions because his bank account was frozen.
Sources indicated, however, that Lee Ming-che's bank account was unfrozen recently, enabling him to purchase additional food and clothes.
Lee Ming-che was arrested in Guangdong Province in March 2017 on charges of "subversion of state power," and was sentenced eight months later to five years behind bars.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.54032
Retrieved Text: The East Hampton baseball team knew that its recent three-game series against Amityville was going to be a crucial one.
After starting the year with a 0-6 record in League VI play, the Bonackers knew they couldn’t afford to lose a single game to the traditionally weak Warriors if they wanted to keep any hope alive of finishing with an even record and making a return to the Class A postseason.
East Hampton took care of business, getting the sweep last week to improve to 3-6 in the league, 4-7 overall, and head coach Ed Bahns said he was pleased to see his players improve upon what has been poor defense and fielding.
The Bonackers have been hitting well throughout the season and continued that in the first game against Amityville, taking a 17-9 win on the road on April 14. Two days later, senior pitcher Liam Lee had what Bahns said was his best performance in two years, going the distance in a 9-0 win. Lee allowed five hits and had six strikeouts and did not issue any walks in the seven-inning effort.
East Hampton also had just one error, which Bahns also said was good to see. The Bonackers shot themselves in the foot numerous times in their earlier losses with miscues in the field. Bahns acknowledged that Amityville is the weakest team in the league, but said he was still impressed with the defensive effort over the course of the series.
Tyler Davis had a strong effort on offense, continuing what has been an overall good hitting season

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.533297
Retrieved Text: Berea Community High School has been on fall break for a week.
during fall breaks the last three years for quiet time at the Cataloochee Guest Ranch.
shopping, sightseeing, shows, and afternoon tea.
conveniently located Marriott Marquis on Times Square.
Wednesday's fun activities will be posted later.
observing the Kathy Lee and Hoda portion of the Today Show.
Next, we took a tour of the NBC studios.
On to the Lego Store, Saks Fifth Avenue, St.Patrick's Cathedral and afternoon tea.
at The Ritz Carlton on Central Park South.
We enjoyed tea there in July, 2007 when he was 8-years-old.
Afternoon tea at the Ritz in the next post.
What a fabulous fall break trip! Can hardly wait to read about your Afternoon Tea at the Ritz-Carlton!
Fantastic place to visit! I adore NYC!!! Looking forward to your future posts.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.49236
Retrieved Text: I can hardly believe we are already in April. The trees have got buds just waiting to open up at the first a bit of warm sunshine.
Back at Pilate's all went well a bit stiff though.
I had the boys while Lindsay popped into town they both have now got glasses. Jay-Jay's are very similar to mine.
They had a good time with me and Jay-Jay showed me how to delete a memory stick.
When Lindsay came back she dressed Summer up.
Does my bum look big in this.
Yes it does!!, said Jamie-Lee.
Oh the shame--- maybe if I shut my eyes it will go away.
A good day but very tired later. Having the children here always tires me.
I am having a quite day, popped in to see Ben and a neighbour who's cat has three kittens. Very sweet.
I am looking in on them later as the cat's owner is away over night, just to make sure they have not got trapped or something as they are into everything at the moment.
The father of the kittens, or so they thought turned out to be a girl!! so not guilty.
Sat and watched some of Prison Break, (box set) very good. I got this soon after Christmas as a replacement from Wayne for a DVD he got me which I already had.
I had a seizure during the night. I could not move my left leg at all. A frightening time as the right side seems to be the one that is usually affected by everything going. I finally went to sleep, when I

================



======= Instance Index 29421 =========
Input Text: Context: Carson helped Sydney much.

Question: How would Sydney feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: kind

B: carson helped a cooker

C: carson give help sydney

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.020857
Retrieved Text: It is with heavy hearts and great sadness that we, the family, announce the passing of Deborah Marie Desveaux, on March 26th, 2018 at the Cape Breton Regional Hospital.
Born February 26th, 1953 in Sydney, she was the daughter of the late Ignatius and Kathleen (Carson) Brown. Debbie enjoyed working for many years as a Personal Care Worker at Braemore Home. She was an amazing and loving wife, mother, grandmother and friend to so many. Her smile could light up a room and her kind heart and loving spirit helped so many people throughout her life. Debbie loved all animals, especially her three chihuahua pups, Chili, Scarlett and Brownie and being near the ocean, spending summers at her home in Cheticamp.
Debbie will be sadly missed by her husband, Robert of Sydney; daughters Melanie (Trevor), Sydney; Janine (Curtis), Florence; Natasha (Joey) and Nicole (Ryan) of Fort Saskatchewan. As well as her precious grandchildren, Brayden and Skylar-Paige, Florence; Kyptin, Bentley, Ryder and Hudson, Fort Saskatchewan; her mother-in-law Theresa, Cheticamp; brother-in-law Roger (Connie), New Waterford and many aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins and friends.
Besides her parents, Debbie was predeceased by her husband, Bruce Moore; sister, Sharon Burton; nephew, Stephen and her brother-in-law, Raymond. Her family would like to thank Dr. Susan MacLeod, the nurses of Unit 4B and the Palliative Care staff at the Cape Breton Regional Hospital. In honoring Debbie's wishes, there will be no visitation. Cremation has taken place. A Celebration of her Life will be held on Saturday March 31, 2018 at 10am at S.W. Chant &

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.952074
Retrieved Text: Beatty,Carson singled through the left side.
Kaylen Holtzapfel walked; Beatty,Carson advanced to second.
Taylor Hutto reached on a fielder's choice; Kaylen Holtzapfel advanced to second; Beatty,Carson advanced to third on a throwing error by ss.
Kaley Patterson fouled out to rf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Taylor Hutto advanced to second on a fielding error by c; Kaylen Holtzapfel advanced to third; Beatty,Carson scored.
Morris,Ashtin singled down the lf line, RBI; Taylor Hutto advanced to third, out at home lf to c; Kaylen Holtzapfel scored, unearned.
Vinson,Anslee walked; Horton,Ashley advanced to second.
Knowles,Jessica reached on a fielder's choice; Vinson,Anslee advanced to second; Horton,Ashley out at third p to 3b.
Kelsey Dietz doubled down the lf line.
Morris,Ashtin walked; Kaley Patterson advanced to second.
Kaitlin Redman reached first on a throwing error by 1b.
McKenzie Brunel singled to center field; Kaitlin Redman advanced to second.
Brittany Todd reached first on a throwing error by 3b; McKenzie Brunel advanced to third; Kaitlin Redman advanced to third, scored on the error, unearned.
Sydney Hodorff singled through the left side, 2 RBI; Brittany Todd scored, unearned; McKenzie Brunel scored.
Lauren DeLoach hit by pitch; Sydney Hodorff advanced to second.
Beatty,Carson singled to first base.
Charlie Sturdivant singled up the middle; Beatty,Carson advanced to second.
Riley Densmore reached first on a fielding error by ss.
Carolyn Harkness pinch ran for Riley Densmore.
Madelynn Formby pinch hit for McKenzie Brunel.
McKenzie Brunel pinch ran for Madelynn Formby.
Kristina Calixto to p for Payton Thomas.
Morris,Ashtin singled to left field.
Horton,Ashley singled to shortstop; Morris,Ashtin advanced to second, advanced to third on a throwing error by ss.
Taylor Long reached first on a dropped fly by 2b.
Sydney Hodorff

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.676647
Retrieved Text: Freeform’s “Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists” stars Eli Brown as Dylan, Sofia Carson as Ava, and Sydney Park as Caitlyn.
Original executive producer I. Marlene King is behind the new project, which will feature two faces familiar to fans of the show — Sasha Pieterse and Janel Parrish, who will reprise their roles as Sasha and Mona.
The new series, about three overachieving college friends whose town is rocked by a murder, will star Sofia Carson (Disney’s “Descendants”), Sydney Park (“The Walking Dead”) as Caitlin, newcomer Eli Brown as Dylan.
Graeme Thomas King (“The Widow”) as Jeremy, Kelly Rutherford (“Gossip Girl”) as Claire, and Hayley Erin (“General Hospital”) in an undisclosed role.
“The Perfectionists” is based on a popular book series by Sara Shepard, who also wrote the “Pretty Little Liars” series of books.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.035532
Retrieved Text: Carson City is the capital of the State of Nevada. It is a small city in the desert. Over 55,000 people live in the city. Carson City is independent and is not a part of any county. The city is located close to Reno, just about 30 miles. It is also close to Lake Tahoe.
The city has many historic points of interest. Some great museums can be found in the city. And Lake Tahoe is a very popular spot. There’s plenty to do outside in Carson City and the area around.
The weather in Carson City is mild. Summer day is hot and the evenings are cool. Thunderstorms are common. It’s sunny most of the time. Winters are dry and cool. It doesn’t snow much.
Looking to move to Carson City? Or relocating from Carson City? Moving your business? New beginnings are exciting but also bring a lot of stress. They always mean there’s a lot to do and take care of. For instance, Carson City Auto Shipping. To ship your car to or from Carson, you will have to find a reliable Carson City Auto Transport company. That’s a responsible task. If you deal with an unreliable carrier, you can end up paying more.
AM PM is the carrier and broker you can rely on your Carson City Car Transport. We have many loyal customers. We have helped them ship vehicles all around the United States. We work hard to provide the best quality Carson City Auto Transport. And we promise to get our clients the best deals

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.834303
Retrieved Text: Carson Hackerd reached first on a fielding error by cf, advanced to second.
Cameron Barber singled to center field, 2 RBI; Kristen Bales scored, unearned; Carson Hackerd scored, unearned.
Natalie Walters doubled to right center.
Jessica Taylor reached on a fielder's choice; Natalie Walters advanced to third.
Anna Dixon singled to center field, RBI; Jessica Taylor advanced to third; Natalie Walters scored.
Anna Dixon advanced to third; Jessica Taylor scored on a wild pitch.
Carson Hackerd singled through the left side; Keirah Smetzer advanced to second.
Sam Catron singled to right field; Amanda Marra advanced to second.
Emma Johnson walked; Sam Catron advanced to second; Amanda Marra advanced to third.
Jessica Taylor grounded out p to ss to 1b, RBI; Emma Johnson advanced to second; Sam Catron advanced to third; Amanda Marra scored.
Taylor Farmer reached first on a fielding error by 3b; Kelly Mix advanced to third.
Elaine Townley to 3b for Jessica Taylor.
Taylor Farmer stole second; Kelly Mix stole home, unearned.
Brooklyn Rayburn homered to left center, 2 RBI, unearned; Taylor Farmer scored, unearned.
Amanda Marra doubled to left field; Katie Kish advanced to third.
Abby Lamping to p for Sydney Long.
Sam Catron grounded out to ss, RBI; Amanda Marra advanced to third; Katie Kish scored.
Landry Slider singled to left field; Carson Hackerd advanced to second.
Kelly Mix homered to center field, 3 RBI; Allison Fathbruckner scored; Carson Hackerd scored.
Camryn Olson to p for Dana Weidinger.
Cameron Barber singled to right field.
Cori Ladanyi pinch ran for Cameron Barber.
Maria Simmonds reached on a fielder's choice; Cori Ladanyi out on the play, out at first 1b to ss.
Taylor Farmer singled to center

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.648651
Retrieved Text: Chad Lundquist/Nevada Appeal Pat, left, and Dave Wyble, sit in their home on Wednesday and talk about this year's Toys for Tots drive.
As they reflected on this year’s Toys for Tots program, coordinators Dave and Pat Wyble said they were pleasantly surprised by the results.
Wyble said they helped 505 families in Carson City, 111 in Douglas County and 55 families in Mound House and Dayton.
A cell phone line was set up courtesy of Cingular for the days of Dec. 5-9. Calls were actually taken for 13 days, several days before and after the specified days.
Taking most of the phone calls was Ada DeZerga. DeZerga asked the caller for basic information such as name, address and if the caller was the child’s parent, and were they residents of Carson City, Douglas or Lyon counties.
If the caller does not receive assistance, they must explain how they qualify.
“We had five callers who made too much money,” DeZerga said. “It’s difficult for them to understand the program is for low-income. They felt they were justified to receive toys because of the cost of living.
“They said that after they paid their bills, they couldn’t afford toys. One woman was way off the charts.
DeZerga said she’s helped with the program two years now and has worked with nonprofits more than 20 years. She will volunteer again.
“I was disappointed I would miss the actual distribution,” she said. “I would have liked to see the families I helped.
The Wybles said there were only a few who tried to “double-dip” from their program and others.
“There

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.434017
Retrieved Text: In this week’s “Throwback Thursday” blog posting we highlight the MV William Carson, which served the Port aux Basques-North Sydney crossing, and later the Labrador coastal service from 1955-1977. It was the first ferry built to carry both passengers and cars to and from Newfoundland.
Named after the prominent 19th century Newfoundland politician the vessel measured 351 feet in length; when introduced it was the biggest ferry of its time. The MV William Carson could accommodate an estimated 262 passengers, six tandem trucks and 600 tonnes of cargo.
Further to the information we originally posted we have been receiving great personal memories.
“Interior seating lounge: This was on “C” Deck after the cabins there were removed to accommodate more passengers. I think her capacity was increased to about 500 from 295.
Two berth cabin MV William Carson: This was one of 12 Deluxe Cabins located on “B” Deck. Two berth cabins were upper & lower berths on “C” and “F” Decks fwd & aft.
Seating area MV William Carson: This was originally the forward observation lounge, later converted to the Bar Lounge. Not a nice place to be in rough weather!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.244532
Retrieved Text: There are many ways that your individual action can help make a difference to the world we live in today and the one our children will live in tomorrow. After all, Rachel Carson was just one woman, one voice. Her actions that alerted the world of the inherent dangers of indiscriminate use of chemical pesticides to the environment and human health, and the need to consider the role our pollution was playing in undermining our future well being, changed the way we think about our place in the web of life and helped bring about the environmental protection acts we have today.
There is still much work to be done and your commitment to personal action makes a difference!
Here are some suggestions for your Rachel Carson Legacy Challenge commitment. Or come up with your own!
Protect and Enjoy the Great Outdoors!
Consider: What would Rachel do?
Your pledge of commitment to the Rachel Carson Legacy Challenge will be posted on our Web site to inspire others to take action. The RCHA reserves the right to delete pledges that may be considered offensive.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.21924
Retrieved Text: It’s been a busy week in OSU world, and we break it all down with Bill C.
Carson Cunningham and I talked to SB Nation’s Bill Connelly about OSU’s hiring of new offensive coordinator Sean Gleeson. Connelly wrote an awesome article about why the hire makes so much sense and could be awesome for the Pokes.
Carson and I also discuss the pros and cons of hiring somebody from Princeton, a hoops team coming off a win at GIA, Marcus Watson’s monster dunk and Matthew Wolff teeing it up at the Waste Management Phoenix Open.
We bid farewell to COOP in their last sponsored pod of our long partnership. They’ve been awesome and helped make doing this pod for the last few years possible. All the respect.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.674715
Retrieved Text: I first met Jason John Whitehead about ten years ago at The Comedy Store in Sydney. Then I worked with him in Jakarta and Bali.
This episode was recorded in Burbank, California.
Ritch Shydner is a comedian I always looked up to an admired while I was growing up, having watched him on Johnny Carson, David Lettermen and his HBO special.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.631613
Retrieved Text: Ben Carson is not only a gifted surgeon, he is a wonderful writer – funny, interesting and this book is exceptionally difficult to put down.
Even the descriptions of brain surgery, which should be nothing but gross, had my complete attention because they were phrased in such a way that made them interesting but not at all gross or disgusting.
And the stories about Dr. Carson’s mother… WOW!
No wonder he is such an intelligent and learned man – she is clearly a GENIUS!
I refuse to spoil the book for you but please take my word for it – it is a FANTASTIC book! A MUST READ! And not just for teens either… parents will get so much out of this book too!
You Have a Brain: A Teen’s Guide to T.H.I.N.K. B.I.G. by Ben Carson MD – Tweet this!
You have a brain… but do you know how to use it? – Tweet this!
Throughout his life, renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Benjamin Carson has needed to overcome many obstacles: His father leaving the family; being considered stupid by his classmates in grade school; growing up in inner-city Detroit; and having a violent temper. But Dr. Carson didn’t let his circumstances control him, and instead discovered eight principles that helped shape his future.
In You Have a Brain: A Teen’s Guide to Think Big, Dr. Carson unpacks the eight important parts of Thinking Big–Talent, Honesty, Insight, being Nice, Knowledge, Books, In-Depth learning, and God–and presents the stories of people who demonstrated those things in his life. By applying the idea of T.H.I.N.K. B.I.G. to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.616982
Retrieved Text: As a beloved teacher at Carson High School, he educated thousands of Carson children, and inspired them to contribute to Carson's betterment. It's no surprise that as a Councilmember Elito M. Santarina is highly regarded and recognized as an effective and trusted leader.
Advocates for fiscal responsibility - helped restore Carson's financial stability without raising taxes on Carson residents!
Promotes responsible economic development - secured more restaurants, retail stores, coffee shops and many more amenities than ever before!
Fights for transparency and accountability	ensures Carson residents are continuously informed via community forums throughout the City, live broadcasts of Council meetings and the quarterly distribution of the Carson Report that details all the community happenings throughout Carson.
that improved public safety throughout the City as statistics show Carson is now safer than ever before.
Environmental defender of residents' health - fought to secure 50 air quality monitoring devices to scientifically track Carson's air pollution.
As a champion of Senior Citizens and youth programs throughout Carson Councilmember Elito M. Santarina deserves our vote!!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.574429
Retrieved Text: 291 days ago, David Carson created this page in support of Chris O'Brien Lifehouse.
I've created this page because I want to make a difference. I'm a member and proud supporter of Sydney University Rugby, and the Sydney Uni Football Club has been supporting and fundraising for Chris O'Brien Lifehouse since 2012, so I wanted to join in and support them by raising money as part of my participation in The City2Surf. Please help me help them by giving whatever you can using the 'Give Now' button. The more people that know about Chris O'Brien Lifehouse, the greater their impact, so please also spread the word by sharing my page with your friends and family. Thank you in advance for your generosity, it means a lot!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.519901
Retrieved Text: The U.S. Under-20 Men’s National Team capped the California portion of their three-leg pre-World Cup camp on Thursday with a light regeneration session at StubHub Center in Carson. A few hours later, the group embarked on a 15-hour flight to Sydney, Australia, where it will train for six days before heading to New Zealand for the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Fifteen players participated in the first leg in Carson, including Cameron Carter-Vickers, who arrived from England in time for Thursday’s training. Kellyn Acosta, Eric Palmer-Brown, Rubio Rubin, Jordan Allen, Bradford Jamieson and Gedion Zelalem will join the group over the next few days in Australia.
The team conducted five sessions in Los Angeles, including a scrimmage against a local club in which they didn’t keep score. As important as the trainings were, Ramos said the time also served another purpose.
The team arrived in Sydney early Saturday morning, skipping over Friday with the 17-hour time change and had a light session in the afternoon to try to quickly acclimate. On Tuesday the U.S. plays a friendly against Australia at Central Coast Stadium, however the focus remains the World Cup opener on May 30.
It didn’t take long for the message to be accepted by the team.
The team was given video of Myanmar matches to watch on the flight to Australia.
The preparation will continue picking up steam as the final six players join the squad, which Ramos says everyone is looking forward to.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.470116
Retrieved Text: MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A 13-year-old boy who says he is being bullied got support from dozens of strangers-turned friends on Saturday.
Zane Omlid and his parents say he has been pushed, punched and written on multiple times in the past couple of years while he has been going to Isanti Middle School.
A group called Syd’s Angels Bikers Against Bullies rode through Omlid’s neighborhood Saturday in a show of support.
Founder Greg Carson presented Omlid with a T-shirt, and the group prayed together.
The group then took a motorcycle ride through the community with Omlid.
Syd’s Angels started about one year ago when a St. Francis 15-year-old named Sydney was being bullied.
“We wanted to help,” Carson said.
The ride for Omlid was the group’s fourth event, according to Carson.
The support made Zane’s mother Tracy Malenke cry.
With the confidence of a community behind him, Omlid wants others who are being bullied to remember it is brave to ask for help.
“Don’t handle it yourself,” Omlid said.
Malenke and Carson said they hope to work with communities and schools to improve practices for dealing with bullying.
As with any issue involving students, Cambridge-Isanti Schools takes allegations of bullying seriously and works to address concerns and ensure student safety.
As per district practice the matter was promptly and fully investigated, and administration responded accordingly.
Student data privacy laws prevent the district from commenting further. Providing safe schools for all students continues to be a priority of Cambridge-Isanti Schools each and every day.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.345982
Retrieved Text: Rockford IceHogs team president Mark Bernard announced on Wednesday that the American Hockey League club has signed Sydney Ives to be an honorary IceHog for a day. Ives was introduced at a press conference inside the IceHogs locker room.
Ives, 10, was joined by her family and friends, including her mother Tasha, father Dean, and brother Carson, at the press conference. A Rockford resident, Sydney is a life-long IceHogs fan.
Almost a year ago to date, Sydney was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor. Sydney has been undergoing treatment at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital in Memphis, Tenn., for the brain tumor classified as anaplastic astrocytoma (grade 3).
Sydney was presented with an IceHogs jersey with #19 and “Ivestrong” on the back, the slogan the family has adopted during Sydney’s fight against cancer. Also on hand at the press conference were IceHogs head coach Bill Peters and assistant coach Ted Dent.
IceHogs fans can attend and participate in a Bowl-A-Thon for Sydney on Saturday, June 6, at 7 p.m. The fundraiser will take place at Cherry Bowl in Cherry Valley and the cost is just $25 per couple along with a $3 shoe rental fee. The admission includes three games of Scotch Doubles, music, light show and a 50/50 raffle. Check-in starts at 6:30 p.m. and you can sign up by calling Amber at (815) 222-3291, Jen at (815) 621-8877 or Cherry Bowl at (815) 332-9595.
For more information on Sydney, visit www.ivestrong.com.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.1977
Retrieved Text: Both the Cougars and Lady Cougars fell to Owensboro Catholic at their home matches on Tuesday, April 10.
The Lady Cougars lost 3-6.
Grace Gorby defeated Caroline O'nan 6-2, 6-0.
Mackenzie Edwards lost to Sarah Kate Young 6-2, 6-4.
Kourtnee Hayes lost to Sarah Englert 2-8.
Kandler Lindsey defeated Ashley Fulkerson 8-6.
Bailey Richardson lost to Meredith Stiff 8-9, 5-7.
Mallory O'Neal lost to Alyssa Gatten 3-8.
Kourtnee Hayes and Kandler Lindsey lost to Sarah Englert and Ashley Fulkerson 7-2, 7-6, 4-6, 7-10.
Sydney Rogers and Bailey Richardson lost to Meredith Stiff and Alyssa Gatten 0-6, 3-6.
Mallory O'Neal and Mackenzie Edwards defeated Emmy Moore and Mary Scales 8-5.
The Cougars were defeated 5-4.
Maxton Cummings lost to Caleb Buckman 2-6, 0-6.
Lincoln Nichols defeated Jonah McCormack 6-1, 7-6, 7-4.
Miles Hornbeck lost to J.T. Hayden 1-8.
Owen Brown lost to Sammy Clore 6-8.
Grant Manion defeated Aaron Buckman 8-3.
Spencer Cannon defeated Keaton Durham 8-5.
Lincoln Nichols and Miles Hornbeck lost to J.T. Hayden and Aaron Buckman 3-6, 2-6.
Grant Manion and Spencer Cannon lost to Sammy Clore and Keaton Durham 2-6, 1-6.
Owen Brown and Maxton Cummings defeated Will Danzer and Garrison Danzer 8-4.
The Lady Cougars won their away game at Meade County on Thursday, April 12, but the Cougars lost.
The Lady Cougars won 5-0.
Grace Gorby defeated Colby Dupin 6-0, 6-0.
Bailey Richardson defeated Madolyn Beavin 6-3, 6-2.
Mallory O'Neal defeated Kennedy Gott 6-2, 6-3.
Claire Elmore defeated Karla Broado 8-5.
Hailey Woosley defeated Kayla Miller 8-0.
Sydney Rogers defeated Madeline Collard 8-0.
Kandler Lindsey and Kourtnee Hayes defeated Caitlyn Colarco and Heather Cook 6-1, 6-1.
Sydney Rogers and Mackenzie Edwards defeated Lauren Lasley and Jolie Weather 6-2, 6-0.
The Cougars lost

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.15104
Retrieved Text: CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) - A 70-year-old woman showed her appreciation to the Carson City Sheriff’s Office by donating $2,500 after a deputy helped her find her lost wallet.
The Nevada Appeal reports that Doris Rothman-Browning lost her wallet on Friday while running errands. She noticed it was gone the next day and asked the police for help.
Deputy Kevin Murry helped her retrace her steps, and they found the wallet unharmed at the Save Mart grocery story.
Rothman-Browning said Murry was kind and went above and beyond his call of duty.
The money she donated will go toward the Sheriff Office’s K9 Unit and Patrol Division.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.076153
Retrieved Text: Picture Book Party: Picture book of the month: Home by Carson Ellis!
Picture book of the month: Home by Carson Ellis!
Carson Ellis' glorious Home publishes in paperback this month and takes us on a tour of lots of different homes and all the different people who might live inside them.
Home might be a house in the country, an apartment in the city, or even a shoe.
So many possibilities ... all called home!
In honour of such a inspirational celebration of homes, we have collected together four of the coolest homes on the planet.
This slide-house Japan is the stuff of every pre-schoolers dreams.
and hitting a pit stop in each room.
This stone house in Portugal is just the most perfect thing.
Japan has cornered the market in weird and wonderful homes. This one is see-through!
This sea-shell house in Mexico is fit for a mermaid!
All Homes found on Bored Panda. There's another 10 to check out by clicking here!
We've put together two gorgeous activity sheets for you to design your own home.
Click here to download and get started!
WIN! A hardback copy of Home, plus an exclusive print and a picture book goody bag with IBW nominated Petr Horacek's The Mouse Who Reached the Sky and Kate Greenaway shortlisted Footpath Flowers by JonArno Lawson and Sydney Smith.
PICTURE BOOK GOODY BAG detailing your name and address.
Bake for Bumps with Maisy and Sparks!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.022913
Retrieved Text: Pretty Little Liars Season 5 Episode 25 "I'm a Good Girl, I Am"
We know Pretty Little Liars fans have been dying to go back to Rosewood ever since the series ended. We're getting the next best thing tonight when the spinoff "The Perfectionists" airs. We sat down with stars Sofia Carson, Sydney Park, Kelly Rutherford, and the woman who started it all, I. Marlene King, to get all the deets on "Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists." Will you tune in tonight?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.953947
Retrieved Text: Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson is standing by his statement that poverty is all in the mind.
Carson received backlash in May for his remarks on how to reduce poverty.
"If everybody had a mother like mine, nobody would be in poverty," Carson said then. He also said parenting and "a sense of strong values" helped keep people out of poverty.
"I think poverty to a large extent is also a state of mind," Carson said then. "You take somebody who has the right mindset, you can take everything from them and put them on the street and I guarantee you in a little while they'll be right back up there. And you take somebody with the wrong mindset, you can give them everything in the world, they'll work their way right back down to the bottom."
The former neurosurgeon has been vocal about his rise from poverty and is known for his “up-by-the-bootstraps” prescription and approach to achieving social and economic progress. When asked what he would say to those struggling financially and want to be successful, Carson had two pieces of advice.
On Monday, Carson rang the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange to commemorate National Homeownership Month.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.906015
Retrieved Text: Chad White has been modelling since 2006 after being shot by Steven Klein in a 40-page shoot for L'Uomo Vogue. Chad visits F.TAPE for a Digital Update during a brief visit to London.
Dean Lewis is a well known Pop Singer. Dean Lewis was born on Monday, October 21, 1985 in Sydney, Australia.Let's check about Dean Lewis's estimated Net Worth in 2019, Salary, Height, Age, Measurements, Biography, Family, Affairs, Wiki & Much More!
Date of birth September Sep 15, 2000 Born in Sydney, Australia #31. 17 Year Old Singer #29. Shawn Mendes. Pop Singer. Carson Lueders. Pop Singer. Zach Herron. Pop Singer . Lee Felix Is A Member Of . Stray Kids. 17 Year Olds. Pop Singers. First Name Lee .
Justin Bieber, Stratford, Ontario. 77M likes. Help change the world. OUR album 'Purpose' out now. New song 'Friends' out now. Jump to. Sections of this page. Shawn Mendes Central. Musician. Alan Walker fans. Musician/Band. Neplease zquad. Personal Blog. Justin Bieber 2018. Musician/Band. Justin Bieber .
Relationships. Camila Cabello has been in relationships with Michael Clifford (2015) and Austin Mahone (2013 - 2014).. About. Camila Cabello is a 21 year old Cuban Singer. Born Karla Camila Cabello Estrabao on 3rd March, 1997 in Cojimar, Eastern Havana, Cuba, she is famous for Fifth Harmony while she was on the US version of the X-Factor in a career that spans 2012–present.
Shawn Mendes Height Weight Body Statistics. Shawn Mendes Height -1.88 m, Weight -83 kg, Measurements. See his all girlfriends' names and entire biography. Though he was linked with numerous women during that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.905052
Retrieved Text: 02:30 Shot by Carson-Newman Lauren Wade, Save (by goalie) Bria Riancho.
05:43 Shot by Carson-Newman Lauren Wade, Save (by goalie) Bria Riancho.
06:26 Shot by Carson-Newman Holly Talbut-Smith, Save (by goalie) Bria Riancho.
07:25 Shot by Carson-Newman Holly Talbut-Smith, Save (by goalie) Bria Riancho.
08:23 Corner kick by Columbus State Tehgan Anguilm [08:23].
12:39 Corner kick by Columbus State Tehgan Anguilm [12:39].
13:29 Substitution!Carson-Newman substitution: Emilee Futrell for Holly Talbut-Smith.
14:34 Substitution!Columbus State substitution: Flo Spano for Casey Couch.
15:38 Shot by Carson-Newman Catarina Realista, Blocked.
15:56 Corner kick by Carson-Newman Lauren Wade [15:56].
16:10 Header Shot by Carson-Newman Helen Seed, Wide.
19:22 Offside against Columbus State.
20:11 Shot by Carson-Newman Lauren Wade, Save (by goalie) Bria Riancho.
26:20 Shot by Carson-Newman Emilee Futrell, Wide.
27:10 Shot by Columbus State Olivia Jarrell, High.
27:10 Substitution!Carson-Newman substitution: Holly Talbut-Smith for Emilee Futrell.
27:10 Substitution!Columbus State substitution: Maddy Peterson for Cassandra Wade.
28:34 Shot by Columbus State Hugrun Elvarsdottir, Save (by goalie) Jacqueline Burns.
30:03 Shot by Columbus State Olivia Jarrell, Blocked.
31:57 Substitution!Columbus State substitution: Amanda Murphy for Kimmy May.
35:40 Substitution!Columbus State substitution: Parker Morgan for Riley Clark.
35:40 Substitution!Columbus State substitution: Meghan Cottingham for Olivia Jarrell.
36:37 Corner kick by Carson-Newman Lara Hallgrimsdottir [36:37].
37:00 Shot by Carson-Newman Averi Williams, Blocked.
38:16 Substitution!Carson-Newman substitution: Emilee Futrell for Lauren Wade.
38:16 Substitution!Carson-Newman substitution: Ajah Liggin for Magda Mosengo.
39:39 Corner kick by Columbus State Tehgan Anguilm [39:39].
42:02 Shot by Columbus State Maddy Peterson, Save (by goalie) Jacqueline Burns.
45:00 For Columbus State: #1 Bria Riancho, #2 Maddy Peterson, #4 Tehgan Anguilm, #5 Annie Mayo, #6 Flo Spano, #11 Madeline Goodfellow, #16 Hugrun Elvarsdottir, #17 Cassandra Wade, #20 Kimmy May, #21 Olivia Jarrell, #22

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.883905
Retrieved Text: Friday night, January 4th, the Alabama Hunter Jumper Association Membership gathered at Haven in downtown Birmingham to celebrate the 2018 horse show season. In 2018 many of our riders stepped onto new horses and into more competitive divisions. We are so proud with not only their ribbon results, but also with all of the new skills they honed this year. Our riders came away with top placings in the entire state of Alabama.
In the Walk Trot 8 & Under division, Camille Coco and Whispering Hill took 7th. Camille also took 6th in the Walk Trot 8 & Under Equitation division. Lou Gidiere followed just behind Camille with a 9th place finish in the same division. In the Crosspole Hunter division, Bates Moody and Lydia Clayton shared the ride aboard Elliott for 3rd place honors. Bates also took 6th in the Crosspole Equitation. Bates was able to hold onto her 6th place finish even with moving up to the Short Stirrup division halfway through the year! Brynn Smith piloted Whispering Hill to 8th place in the Crosspole Hunters and Brynn took 7th in the Crosspole Equitation as well.
Bates Moody (left) sporting Crosspole ribbons.
In the Short Stirrup Hunter division, Hannah Banks was 3rd aboard Capito. Hannah also claimed Short Stirrup Equitation Champion honors! In Long Stirrup, Paloma Caine and White Tie took 4th in both the Hunter and Equitation divisions.
Hannah Banks and her Short Stirrup Equitation Champion ribbon.
Paloma and her parents celebrating her 2018 successes!
In the Schooling Hunter division, Fox Lake girls took the three top spots! Sydney

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.818306
Retrieved Text: One of two Muslims members of Congress warned that increased surveillance of mosques could turn into "the disaster that J. Edgar Hoover's counterintelligence program was."
“If you’re looking for the Klan, you don’t go to Harlem, you go where the threat is coming from," King said, defending his call for mosque surveillance.
But Rep. Andre Carson (D-Ind.), a member of the House Intelligence Committee, noted that while he considers King to be his friend he "absolutely, emphatically" disagrees with the New York congressman.
"This is not correct," Carson told CNN, adding he supports the Obama administration's countering violent extremism strategy, "where there is an attempt to work with faith leaders across the spectrum, to work with mental health professionals, to work with educators, and to work with congregants in terms of gaining a greater understanding, not only of their surroundings, but of pushing back on extremist influences and to eliminate those who are becoming self-radicalized."
Carson said it's "difficult" to pinpoint the reason behind polling that shows 51 percent of Americans not confident that the government can stop a terrorist attack.
"On one end, you have leaders of many nations who demonize America in public and behind closed doors they are asking for our help. I think, in many ways, our motives have been impugned or questioned as it relates to our presence there and our motivation behind their natural resources," the congressman said. "But it is clear that our military and intelligence efforts have clearly helped. They have helped with training purposes and they have helped to neutralize many extremist

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.735657
Retrieved Text: The three-time WNBA Champion Phoenix Mercury today announced the signing of free agent wing Essence Carson, an 11-year WNBA veteran who won a championship with the 2016 Los Angeles Sparks.
A former All-Star (2011) whose teams have qualified for the playoffs in eight of her 11 career seasons (including four consecutive), Carson is a two-time WNBA Finalist, including the 2016 title with the Sparks when she started all 43 of the team’s regular and postseason games. Carson joins the Mercury, her third WNBA squad, after three years in Los Angeles in which she shot a combined 34.1 percent (71-of-208) from three-point range, including a career-high 39 makes a season ago while shooting 36.1 percent, the second-best mark of her career.
Carson joins a Mercury roster laden with three-point threats, including four players who, like her, made 30-plus three-pointers a season ago. No WNBA team in 2018 had five players on its roster that made 30 or more threes. Carson also joins a Mercury squad that led the league in percentage of shots from beyond the arc in 2018 (39.97 percent) to space the floor around Brittney Griner, the game’s most dominant low-post scoring threat.
Originally the seventh overall selection in the 2008 WNBA Draft by New York, Carson owns career averages of 7.5 points, 2.3 rebounds and 1.2 assists in 323 games. The 6-0 guard played her first eight seasons with the Liberty, where she posted a breakout season in 2011, averaging 11.3 points and shooting a career-best 38.7 percent (24-of-62) from three-point range en route to being voted

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.711567
Retrieved Text: Thanks Mom and Dad – I’m Rich!
Ben Carson, a famous neurologist who may very well become our next President, shares a story about this Parenting Rich Habit he learned from his mom in his bestselling book: One Nation (http://www.amazon.com/One-Nation-What-Americas-Future/dp/1595231129/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1414439823&sr=1-1&keywords=dr+ben+carson+one+nation). Dr.Carson lived in one of Detroit’s ghettos. His mom was afraid that her son would become just another casualty of ghetto life. To prevent this, Mrs. Carson made Dr. Carson read every day for self-education. To ensure her son did his daily reading she also required that he write a one page summary about what he read that day so she could read it. Each day, Dr. Carson would hand this summary to his mom for her to review. This daily reading eventually became a habit that helped give Dr. Carson the confidence to pursue higher education and eventually medical school. He continues to read every day. Years later, Dr. Carson would learn that his mom was illiterate. She never actually could read any of his summaries. Intuitively, Mrs. Carson knew that if she could instill in her son the daily habit of reading it would help get him out of the ghetto and realize the American Dream. And it worked!
John Quincy Adams, sixth President of the United States and son of founding father John Adams, acquired his passion for reading from his doting father and affectionate mother, who taught him languages, and the classics. He spent much of his youth accompanying his father overseas at the outset of the Revolutionary War. He acquired his father’s love

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.70599
Retrieved Text: Sailing, Yachts and Sailboats News and Info- 01-25-2005, 00:05.
""Mr. Carson passed away peacefully early Sunday morning," his nephew, Jeff Sotzing, told The Associated Press. "He was surrounded by his family, whose loss will be immeasurable." He did not provide further details, but NBC said Carson died of emphysema at his Malibu home. The boyish-looking Nebraska native with the disarming grin, who survived every attempt to topple him from his late-night talk show throne, was a star who managed never to distance himself from his audience."
"By Todd Lewan Adults I know who go to Florida's Disney World have this annoying tendency to describe how the theme park has helped them bond with their children, or how important it is to have the little ones teach them how to feel young again. Now, although I'm a grown man with no spouse or little ones, I can appreciate those sentiments. But I don't get one thing: why is it that over-30s need kids to bring them back to Disney in the first place?"
"E-E Sports Editor RAMONA - If one wanted to watch a good mystery Monday evening, he would have been better off shoving off a Hitchcock movie in the VCR than attending the Caney Valley Basketball Tournament. Four games, four blow-outs filled the tourney viewing fare. The average margin of victory was nearly 19 points and no game was closer than 16. The host Caney Valley girls, who are defending tourney champions, took a giant step toward repeating by knocking off Nowata in the first round, 63-40. In

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.619944
Retrieved Text: Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists is an American drama mystery thriller television series created by I. Marlene King.
In the tranquil college town of Beacon Heights everything seems perfect at first glance. But one day, the pressure to power a resident of the alleged showcase becomes too much and a shocking murder ensues. Not only the students Ava (Sofia Carson), Caitlin (Sydney Park), Nolan (Chris Mason) and Dylan (Eli Brown) are involved, but also the new teacher Alison DiLaurentis (Sasha Pieterse) and her old acquaintance Mona Vanderwaal (Janel Parrish).
When does Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists season 2 return on Freeform? We have the new information on the status of Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists season 2. Release date to be confirmed at the show's Freeform channel. Thank you for having taken part in the voting for Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists season 2.
What can you learn about the TV series: Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists season 2?
Subscribe to receive last news and updates status TV show Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists season 2. You will receive an automatic email when the show renewed or cancelled.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.486973
Retrieved Text: Molly Hennessey singled to center field; Ivy Vann advanced to second.
Dom Ortiz walked; Molly Hennessey advanced to second; Ivy Vann advanced to third.
Taylor LeBrun walked, RBI; Dom Ortiz advanced to second; Molly Hennessey advanced to third; Ivy Vann scored.
Alex Soqui singled through the right side, RBI; Taylor LeBrun advanced to second; Dom Ortiz advanced to third; Molly Hennessey scored.
Hailey Yabroudy grounded out to ss, RBI; Alex Soqui advanced to second; Taylor LeBrun advanced to third; Dom Ortiz scored.
Nikki Ditizio singled up the middle.
Sydney DeVogt reached first on a throwing error by ss.
Lauren Del Vacchio doubled to left field, RBI; Sydney DeVogt scored, unearned.
Ivy Vann singled up the middle, RBI; Lauren Del Vacchio scored.
Ivy Vann advanced to second on a wild pitch.
Dom Ortiz singled down the rf line, RBI; Ivy Vann scored.
Hailey Yabroudy singled to left field.
Lauren Del Vacchio homered to left center, 2 RBI; Sydney DeVogt scored.
Molly Hennessey singled to first base; Ivy Vann advanced to second.
Carrie St. Peter pinch hit for Dom Ortiz.
Dom Ortiz to 3b for Carrie St. Peter.
Bridget Garach pinch hit for Alex Soqui.
Danielle Carson pinch hit for Hailey Yabroudy.
Nikki Ditizio reached first on an error by 3b.
Bailey Kross pinch hit for Carli Voellm.

================



======= Instance Index 14154 =========
Input Text: Context: a man who has traced back the steps.

Question: What will Austin want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: the man who want to do next

B: a person who want to do something special

C: did this to be informed

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.042374
Retrieved Text: Liam Philpott vanished at 4.30pm on Friday, October 12 in the Matrick area of Aberdeen.
A man who disappeared from Aberdeen has been found.
Police said they have traced missing man Liam Philpott after he vanished on Friday.
The 25-year-old had last been seen at around 4.30pm on Friday, October 12 in the Matrick area of the city .
A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "We would like to thank the public for their assistance and Liam has been traced safe and well."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.013674
Retrieved Text: Nel as she is known at Labncroft is the 2005 daughter of ANNABELLE and WINGMASTER’S DECOY. Nel has 70 champions in her combined pedigree. If you are looking for a smaller Labrador Retriever Nel is it—she is just under 21” and 50 lbs.
Sadie as she is known at Labncroft is the 2011 daughter of Labncroft’s Wingmaster’s Decoy and Labncroft’s Summer’s Eve. She stand 20.5” at the shoulder and weights approximately 50#. Her sweet temperament has earned her the title of Nanny to our twins Parker and Anna. Be sure to check out her pedigree which can be traced back to the great World International Champion Rip Van Winkle.
Molly as she is known at Labncroft is the 2010 daughter of Labncroft’s Sharp Dressed Man and Labncroft’s Summer’s Eve. She stand 20” at the shoulder and weights approximately 55#. Her sweet temperament and energetic spirit. Be sure to check out her pedigree which can be traced back to the great World International Champion Rip Van Winkle.
Lacey as she is known at Labncroft is the 2010 daughter of Labncroft’s Sharp Dressed Man and Labncroft’s Lady Of The Lake. She stand 20” at the shoulder and weights approximately 55#. Her sweet temperament Be sure to check out her pedigree which can be traced back to the great World International Champion Rip Van Winkle.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.215929
Retrieved Text: A masked man who hijacked a lorry and stole thousands of pounds worth of cigarettes and tobacco has been jailed for seven years.
John Lake appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (July 24) and admitted kidnap and robbery.
Wearing a balaclava, the 36-year-old, and another man, had targeted a 'One Stop' lorry parked in a layby off the A14 near Ellington, just before the Brampton Hut Services, in the early hours of Tuesday, May 28, last year.
The driver, a 64-year-old man, was restrained and put in the back of the lorry's cab. He suffered minor injuries but later managed to escape and flagged down a passing motorist.
Meanwhile, the lorry was driven to Newport Pagnell in Buckinghamshire where Lake, who is currently serving a prison sentence in a Preston jail, stole cigarettes and other tobacco products worth nearly £11,500.
Detectives followed the journey of the lorry after it had been stolen and discovered a Volkswagen van had been in convoy with it. Inquiries revealed that Lake, previously of Bilston, near Wolverhampton, had hired the vehicle the previous day.
Detective Constable Suzanne Pickard, who led the investigation, said: “This was a terrifying ordeal for the driver who still suffers flashbacks from the incident and has had to leave his job.
The other man involved in the kidnapping has not been traced.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.91098
Retrieved Text: Bond has been set at $250,000 for a 66-year-old Milwaukee man who sold heroin that contributed to the overdose death of a Town of Springvale man. Alonzo Cornelius was charged in Fond du Lac County Court Thursday morning with 1st degree reckless homicide and conspiracy to commit manufacture or delivery of heroin greater then 50 grams. Both are as a party to a crime. According to the criminal complaint an autopsy showed Devin Perry died of mixed drug intoxication that included heroin on October 12th of 2012. The heroin Perry used was traced back to Cornelius. Two others 40-year-old Jason Van Norman of Fond du Lac and 27-year-old Joshua Mulder of Waupun are facing similar charges for their roles in Perry’s death. Cornelius is scheduled for a preliminary hearing on December 11th.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.737396
Retrieved Text: A missing Aberdeen woman has been found according to police.
A picture of a missing Aberdeen man's car has been released today as efforts to find him continue.
The search for a missing man last seen in a north-east town is continuing today one week on.
A missing north-east man has been traced safe and well according to police.
Police said they have “serious concerns” for a missing north-east man as the search for him continues.
Officers in a north-east town are appealing for help finding a missing man, calling on motorists to check their dashcams.
A missing north-east teenager has been found safe and well. Jay Forsyth, 14, was last seen in the Saltoun Place area of Fraserburgh on Thursday, but he has now been found. Police have thanked the public for their help in this matter.
An appeal has been launched to find a missing north-east teenager.
A body has been found in the search for a missing north-east pensioner.
A major search was continuing today for an 86-year-old woman who has gone missing from her north-east home.
A missing north-east teenager has been found safe and well. Joshua Coombes was last seen in the Saltoun Place area of Fraserburgh at around 11pm last Thursday but he has now been traced. Police have thanked the public for their help with this matter.
"It has been more than three weeks now since Alan was last seen and we have yet to receive any positive sightings of him since Christmas Eve."
Police are appealing for help to trace a missing north-east man last seen on Christmas Eve.
Have you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.665508
Retrieved Text: Through 'Bhonsle' we have tried to ask that most pressing question of our times - who is a Migrant? What defines someone as an Outsider to a land? Where is that line that demarcates boundaries? Who decides who stands inside and who stands outside of that line? If each of our histories is traced back far enough are we all not migrants to our lands in some way or another? Can Man even stake claim to Land? When did we become so arrogant as a species? And finally, at what cost, this arrogance?
Devashish makhija has researched and assisted on 'black friday' (dir. anurag kashyap) and was the chief assistant director on 'bunty aur babli' (dir. shaad ali). he has written numerous screenplays, notably avik mukherjee's 'bhoomi' and anurag kashyap's 'doga'; has had a solo art show 'occupying silence'; written tulika's bestselling children's books 'when ali became bajrangbali' and 'why paploo was perplexed', a harper-collins collection of short stories 'forgetting' and the forthcoming book of poems 'disengaged'.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.636522
Retrieved Text: Police have arrested and charged a man at Aberdare on outstanding warrants after an unusual turn of events yesterday morning.
Officers had surrounded a Northcote Street home after then man was spotted entering when they received a triple zero call from a woman who stated that there’d been a stabbing in Cessnock.
However the call was traced back to the home they’d already surrounded and officers forced their way in.
The 27-year-old man was charged was a series of driving and theft offences and will front court today.
A 33-year-old woman was charged with making a fake call to emergency services and possessing a prohibited drug.
She’ll be facing court later this month.
A 26-year-old man inside the home was also arrested but was later released without charge.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.392935
Retrieved Text: The Man Who Lost His Head is a light-hearted contemporary telefeature focusing on Ian Bennet, a repressed British museum curator (played by well-known actor Martin Clunes), whose life is turned upside down when he is sent across the world to return an ancient Maori carving to the small fictional New Zealand town of Otakataka on the west coast of Northland.
Straitlaced Museum Curator Ian Jones (Clunes) is about to marry his boss's daughter, Fiona (Caroline Harker). Preparations are underway and Fiona is already drawing up seating plans. So when a repatriation claim comes into the museum for a Maori carving to be returned to a remote corner of New Zealand, Ian isn't keen to be given the job, particularly when he understands what a delicate case it is. The Ministry has told the museum to be sympathetic to the claim, and while the museum director has agreed to do this, he has no intention of letting the piece go back. Such a job needs an experienced pair of hands. The promotion that Ian has long worked for is dangled before him as reward, and he knows he can't say no. Meanwhile, out in New Zealand a very determined Maori community is waiting for him.
The carving in question is of an old Maori chief's son who went over to England in 1860 to buy arms. But the son was seduced and kept by a lady aristocrat and never allowed to return. In desperation, he carved a head of his own likeness and sent it back to watch over

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.382607
Retrieved Text: A multi-state salmonella outbreak currently rampant in Kansas, Missouri and Illinois has been traced back to eggs distributed by Good Earth Egg Co. LLC from Missouri.
Health officials is linking the recent outbreak of salmonella in three different states to shell eggs that came from the Missouri-based cage-free egg producer Good Earth Egg Co. LLC.
After the Food and Drugs Administration traced back the salmonella outbreak to Good Earth Egg, the company quickly issued a voluntary recall of their products to prevent further spread of the disease.
Recalled products include various sized of shell eggs packaged in 6-count cartons, 10-count cartons, 12-count cartons, 18-count cartons, 15 dozen cases, and 30 dozen cases. The dates and codes on the cartons and cases will include everything prior to and including date code 006 - Sell By 02/05/2016, under the brand name Good Earth Egg Company, license number D-01124.
"We are taking these steps because consumer safety is our top priority. As a third-generation family operated farm, we are solely focused on providing fresh, quality, healthy eggs to local consumers," Good Earth Company wrote in their recall announcement. "Although no Good Earth Egg Company eggs have tested positive for Salmonella, we feel strongly that issuing a voluntary recall is the right thing to do. Good Earth Egg Company is working closely with the FDA to determine the root cause of the potential contamination."
According to the report from CBS News, there are eight people in Kansas, Missouri, and Illinois who tested positive for a strain of Salmonella Oranienburg, which can be traced back to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.240358
Retrieved Text: of the man who talked first.
The man smiled for a second.
it traced the mark of a whisper.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.186874
Retrieved Text: While we usually think of toxic substances as coming from man-made sources, many occur naturally. For example, toxic mussel outbreaks in the ocean have claimed lives and caused illness because the mussels consumed contained an algal toxin. Fresh water is not without toxic substances, either. For example, a group of fairly common organisms called cyanobacteria produce toxins called microcystins. Deaths of cattle, wildlife, and family pets have been traced to drinking water containing microcystins, as have several liver-related illnesses in humans(1). Although naturally occurring toxins are all around us, if one is educated to where and how they occur, steps can be taken to avoid them.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.154428
Retrieved Text: Which has been around longer? Vampires or werewolves?
The first use of the English word vampire dates back over 250 years ago to 1734. The reference to vampires however does date back even farther – the Russian form of the word vampire – Upir – actually dates back to 1047AD.
srry but my kind has been around since the mid to late B.C.’s.
i don’t know about the werewolf thing( don’t doubt it) but i have traced my vampire family back to about 500B.C.
You who say that the Vs were here first are wrong.
We werewolves were here first at the dawn of man werewolf was there to welcome him. Then come the Vs and other supernatural creatures. We were here even before the angels and demons. Some primitive spirits were the first supernaturals to be created. Kitsune were around after werewolves because of the kitsune being the embodiments of fire and intelligence and none of these were around until humans came.Fea were around at the time we were. That’s that.
Next story believe in werewolves?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.13729
Retrieved Text: Tracking system can be used for tracking of boyfriend or girlfriend.
Do you simply want to find out he/she is not in danger?
Do you want to know if he/she is cheating?
In this manner the activities of a person could be checked at any time. Several people are applying cell phones with routine lifetime. There are lots of means to track cell phones. With this procedure the cell phone is tracked in an effort to find the particular location. Lots of applications are out there which are made use of to record a cell phone. This procedure is handy to obtain the position of a cell phone as a result of which it will be traced and the customer will be reached at any time period.
• Particular destinations can be located through cell phone pursuing programs.
• Some meters could possibly be changed as calculations need to be made in an effort to find the particular destinations.
• Towers are presenting impulses to cellphones and applications are equipped to view the towers and obtain the toughness of impulses.
• The sites which have sturdy signals of cellphones are deemed the sites of cellphones.
• There are lots of applications which will be fitted interior cellphones which are handy for pursuing.
• Lots of software programs are manufactured by authorities as a result of which, any form of cell phone will be tracked.
• In an effort to record a cell phone it have to be doing the job and switched on.
There are unique forms of laws which are manufactured to take a look at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.109053
Retrieved Text: [Today, on the whole, our knowledge of this higher strata is extremely limited, and this has been the case for many generations. In the distant past, the ranks of Torah scholars were replete with great tzaddikim and gaonim. In those eras we were always privileged to have among us a sprinkling of unique greats who were at home not only in the ocean of revealed Torah knowledge but also in the area of concealed and secret wisdom of Torah, a realm we call kabbalah. This is the subject matter of the Sefer Yetzirah and other books like it. In our times, mastery of these areas is a rarity.
No one can successfully enter the inner chambers of Torah knowledge without first reaching a level of special greatness. That special greatness is shown by the mastery of the conventional, revealed realm of Torah (niglah) which makes one worthy of acquiring the wisdom of kabbalah. Then he must personally be taught this knowledge by a great Torah scholar, one to whom the knowledge was passed down by another living link in the chain of gedolim of previous generations. The chain can be traced back, link by link, to Moshe Rabeinu. It is both ludicrous and dangerous to study kabbalah without first (a) becoming a statured talmid chochom in every area of revealed Torah knowledge and (b) acquiring the qualities which identify the refined and those of perfected character of the highest order. Ludicrous because it is comparable to a man who is prepared to spend years calculating the number

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.957285
Retrieved Text: SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA (JUNE 13, 2015) (REUTERS) – More South Koreans, concerned about the continued increase in the number of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) cases, preferred to stay away from usually busy public areas in the capital Seoul on Saturday (June 13).
In Dongdaemun, a famous shopping mall, a reduced number of people wore face masks while looking around stores.
“People seem to be more careful about having contact or coughing in public places. That’s why I feel uncomfortable to go out to public,” 30-year-old South Korean resident, Dan Lee, said.
A Candle seller in Dongdaemun, Kim Kyung-ok, said she has seen a sharp drop in sales in her shop.
“There was a 70 percent drop in sales last week and 90 percent drop for this week. It’s really hard for me to run the store, because the number of foreigners and also local customers have decreased. I hope that the MERS situation will be resolved soon. If not, I cannot do this anymore,” Kim said.
The South Korean government on Monday (June 8) said it was ready to take swift measures to counter the negative effects on its economy from the outbreak of a deadly respiratory disease, suggesting that worried policymakers may soon deliver monetary and fiscal stimuli.
President Park Geun-hye said the negative economic effects from the outbreak of MERS should not be overlooked, while Finance Minister Choi vowed to take steps to offset any hit to growth.
South Korea’s health ministry on Saturday reported 12 new cases of MERS, bringing the total to 138, and said a 14th person

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.796831
Retrieved Text: Here is your weekly round-up of crime across Midlothian, for January 8-14, as reported by Police Scotland.
On January 8, funded MCAT officers on patrol in the area of St Andrew’s Street, Dalkeith recovered a small quantity of cannabis on a 25-year-old man. The man was charged, and a report has been submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.
On January 8, officers on patrol on the City Bypass near Dalkeith, observed a vehicle driving erratically. The vehicle was stopped, and a small quantity of cannabis was recovered. A report has been submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.
On January 9, officers on High Street, Dalkeith, attended the report of a shoplifting. Officers traced a 36-year-old woman, and a 35-year-old man, and both were charged in relation to the incident. A report has been submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.
On January 9, officers attended a report of a shoplifting on Eskbank Road Dalkeith. Officers traced a female, who was later charged in relation to the incident. A report has been submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.
On January 10, funded MCAT officers on St Andrew’s Street, Dalkeith, recovered a small quantity of Cannabis in the possession of a 31-year-old man. The man was charged, and reported to the Procurator Fiscal.
On January 12, officers attended a report of a vehicle driving erratically on Edgehead Road, Dalkeith. The vehicle was stopped, and the 23-year-old female driver found to be under the influence of alcohol. The woman was charged in connection with the incident and a report submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.
On January 8, officers on patrol in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.70239
Retrieved Text: The foremost book on leys and earth energies.
Past civilizations recognized that the Earth emits harmonic energy and ancient sites mark these special locations. Millennia ago, earth energies and leys were skilfully integrated into stone circles, pyramids, ancient walled cities, Druid and Native American ceremonial enclosures, and this form of spiritual architecture, known to the Templars and the Masonic Brotherhood can be traced back to Atlantis.
Ancient sites worldwide connect terrestrial energies to celestial influences, creating a bridge between Heaven and Earth, man and cosmos. Rediscover the wisdom of our ancestors who created the megalithic wonders of the ancient world.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.573215
Retrieved Text: The Genealogue: Bard Beyond Belief?
A Canadian man thinks genealogy will help prove that a portrait he owns is an authentic sketch of William Shakespeare.
The Sanders Portrait, believed to have been sketched in 1603 by a friend of a then 39-year-old Shakespeare, is the property of Ottawa resident Lloyd Sullivan, 73, who says his heritage can be traced back to the portrait-painter John Sanders.
The retired engineer has put his portrait through tree-ring dating of the wood it was sketched on, radiographic testing of the canvas and radiocarbon testing of the paper label on the back of the painting. He also tracked his genealogy back to 1607, which he says makes it almost certain that his painting is authentic.
All that's left is to trace his heritage into the 1500s and to date the ink of the painting. But Sullivan was told to wait for the technology to improve so a smaller sample of the painting could be used.
It's too bad his ancestor didn't use some of that ink to write down when Shakespeare was born, because no one else seems to know.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.562218
Retrieved Text: Ethics panel chastises Larry Craig. In a rare public chastisement, letter from the 3 Republicans and 3 Democrats cites senator’s ‘improper conduct’ and attempt to ‘evade legal consequences‘ Idaho Statesman. By Erica Bolstad.
The truth is that his personal conduct, attempted coverup, his false resignation, and his resulting lack of influence in the Senate was remarkably good luck for Idaho and America’s outdoors. He was a one-man environmental wrecking crew.
There is a lesson for activists here. People like this never lead a clean personal life while they do dirty politics. It is a lifestyle, a way of viewing the world. Find an ecological pirate in Congress and you will more often than not find they have some private life issues as well. You need to have more than 1 tool in the tool box to deal with these folks.
I went to an open house meeting in Meridian, Idaho, last spring, to listen to Larry Craig. He shook my hand as I left. Now I keep getting this urge to wash my hand everytime I hear or read about him.
So much of the livestock industry abuse of public lands and its hatred of wildlife has been fostered over the past 20 or more years by horrible Larry Craig actions behind the scenes . BLM Owyhee Manager trying to make a rancher get his cows out of the stream? In steps Larry Craig (or Mike Crapo trying to emulate Larry) to get that Mgr. shipped away.
All the insane anti-science Woolgrower control of Idaho Fish and Game via Otter can

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.56165
Retrieved Text: The Eymann name has been traced back to around 80 A.D. According to one line of thought, a highly placed German family chose not to live with the social norms of court life and took a name to symbolize independence, as in "1-man". Those with an understanding of the old German language say "not!". Eyman symbolizes the meadow flowers appearing in the historical family crest; an "Ey" representing meadowland along a stream. A farm thought to be the original land of Eymans exists in the Alfausen area of Germany. In the 1500s or so sons are said to have taken to the winds to develop branches of the family in Russia, Sweden, Brazil, and Switzerland. Our branch comes from those Germans who for some reason moved to live near Bern in Switzerland.
Torsten Eymann's site. Includes history of the name and a comprehensive genealogy database.
Well organized site Eyman / Iman information of interest to all Eymans and especially American Eymans maintained by Steve and Jay Iman.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.530472
Retrieved Text: Process Path is a progress of a process, or what was done within a process so far (at current moment of time). In other words it is a sequence of process steps and results which have been covered up to the moment (let’s say 60% of some process has been completed).
Process path is what can be traced back to define some errors done on this path: this is a way to identify any problems in process performance, including those which are related to hidden defects in a process design or to mismanagements in activities of process participants. Sometimes, when the current results (reasoned by specifics of the current turn of process execution) are not sufficient, it can be helpful to follow back by the process path to investigate and discover what was done wrong, so the process can be rolled back to that point and redone.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.501572
Retrieved Text: Is there a program that can give you the consanguinity of two people without building the whole family tree?
Can someone help me discover the relationship between two individuals?
How do I trace my family tree in Australia after 1947?
Where is this lady from?
What is the best website/book etc for tracing a family tree?
family relationships. If two people share the same GGGgrandfather, what relationship are they to each other?
Do you have a family motto that you don't know about? Does it suits you?
How do you find an American Air Force service man who was in UK in late 1950s?
france elanglon B D - where is it?
How far back can you go back in your family history?
Have you traced your family tree?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.470713
Retrieved Text: BOSTON (AP) -- The pharmacist convicted in connection with a deadly 2012 meningitis outbreak was sentenced to eight years in prison on Wednesday after he tearfully apologized to the victims for the pain and suffering they endured.
Glenn Chin sobbed as he struggled through his statement during his sentencing hearing in Boston's federal courthouse on Wednesday. The outbreak killed 76 people and sickened hundreds.
Chin said he has prayed every day for the people who were impacted by the outbreak. Chin says he understands that many of the victims will never forgive him, but said he will continue to pray that they will "find some sort of peace."
The Massachusetts man was cleared in October of second-degree murder under federal racketeering law. Nearly 800 people were sickened in what is considered the worst public health crisis in recent U.S. history. The meningitis infection was traced to contaminated steroid injections given mostly to people with back pain.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.408285
Retrieved Text: Most schools in California are starving when it comes to the arts. This post reviews the data, clarifies the state's requirements, and suggests specific steps that your school district can take to improve.
Some changes in California's education system can be traced back to the work of the Governor's Committee on Education Excellence. The Committee's recommendations are still relevant. Here they are.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.370241
Retrieved Text: Man Jailed for Leaving Telford MP abusive voice message.
A man has been jailed for 15 months for leaving a threatening and abusive voicemail for a female Conservative MP.
Zakariyya Farah, 27, targeted Lucy Allan, MP for Telford, in December 2015, hurling abuse down her answerphone.
The call was quickly traced back to Farah, and a voice expert confirmed he was responsible for the message.
She should be punished for her lies.
I’d of sent that thing down for 15 months, not him. Ridiculous sentence. It’s obviously a case of not what you know, But who you know.
What about her abusive voicemails to a former employee??
Yet when I watch police programmes at silly o’clock at night I’m always amazed that 99% of the smack heads that get caught robbing cars red handed or assaulting police officers just get let off with ‘no further action was taken’ or ‘released with a caution’.
So if she does it then it’s fine but if it’s done to her then they get arrested for a ridiculous amount of time. Pathetic. Lucy Allen is the worst MP Telford has ever had.
She might be the worse and I dislike what she stands for intensely but the people of Telford had an opportunity to remove her and did not do it.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.343634
Retrieved Text: Police have charged a man with allegedly stealing lead from a church.
At about 1.15am on Monday, May 17, patrolling officers saw a suspicious Vauxhall Corsa driving through Tansley.
They followed and found it abandoned nearby. A quantity of lead was found inside the car.
It was later discovered that lead had been stolen from the roof of St Helen’s Church, Church Town, Darley Dale.
Officers arrested a 22-year-old man from Alfreton and later charged him with theft. He is due to appear before magistrates in Chesterfield next month.
Derbyshire police are offering Selecta DNA to churches at a discounted price. The invisible substance can be coated onto any metal and remains on the skin or clothing of anyone who touches the metal. The substance contains a unique code, like DNA, so it can be traced back to a crime scene.
This entry was posted in Church, General by Kia. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.308834
Retrieved Text: Police need your help to find a man who threw a plastic bottle at a moving car near Heathrow in August.
The video, taken by CCTV in the victim’s minicab, shows a man lean out of the front passenger seat of a passing car and throw the bottle.
It happened around 7.30am on 24th August, on the Northern Perimeter Road near Heathrow Airport.
The shocking incident did not result in any injuries, but a windscreen was damaged.
The driver of the bottle-throwing car has been traced but “he claims not to recall the identity of the passenger”, say police.
“The suspect is a white man, aged in his 20s, who had dark hair and a beard at the time of the incident. He may have connections to the Bedfont area,” police added. Bedfont is in Hounslow, in the area around Hatton Cross.
Officers are asking anyone who can identify the man throwing the bottle to call Heathrow CID via 101. To remain anonoymous, call Crimestppers on 0800 555 111.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.227566
Retrieved Text: Today is the time of computer. Internet has become so fast and can be used both on mobile and computer. So, auditing procedures has also shifted from its manual steps to computerized steps. Following are the main steps of computerized auditing procedures.
All accounting data will be in computer and managed by different accounting softwares. Auditor just has to select the computer for his examination. Today, all most all the accounting software creates the id and password for auditing. Auditor will use. He can take sample machines or all machines for data auditing.
Computers are very helpful for auditing large data in small time. But there is the chance of loss of time in duplication. For this, auditor will make the list of his checked accounts. This is called check list. Here, he can see, what he has checked and what he has to check.
One of important step in computerized auditing is to process the data. Auditor will manage the staff for acquisition of raw data by collecting documents and bills. He will convert all manual records digitized. All the bills which are in PDF, gets and add in proof list for auditing. He also add inquiry letters in computer.
He will also activate the audit trail. It will help to see each transaction record from traced back to its source documents.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.089594
Retrieved Text: Thus begins the tale by Stephen Bodio, a lover of birds and nature, of the connection between man and birds of prey. Falconry can be traced back over four thousand years and, as Bodio says, "it is amazing that the practice did not die out soon afterward when its first adherents starved". With a new introduction by Helen MacDonald, A Rage for Falcons not only shares the history of falconry, but shows how and why falconry has lasted. As Bodio notes in his introduction: "To understand falconry, you must understand the nature of the relationship between man and bird". In A Rage for Falcons, Bodio explores this relationship and how it has affected him as a person.
Stephen J. Bodio is a renowned writer and naturalist. His articles have appeared in magazines such as Sports Afield and Smithsonian, and he is the author of several books, including Querencia, Eagle Dreams and Aloft.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.062855
Retrieved Text: The Imam’s remarks frustrated most of the opponents. The confrontations between Imam Sadiq (as) and Mansur were often harsh. Mansur frequently threatened the Imam. Of course there are a number of traditions implying that his holiness had expressed his humbleness and meekness to Mansur! Without any doubt none of these traditions are correct. I have conducted research on these traditions and come to the conclusion that none of them are authentic.
These traditions are often traced back to Rabi’ Hajeb who is definitely a corrupt figure and a close ally of Mansur. Ironically, some people have said that Rabi’ was a Shiite and a lover of the Ahl-ul-Bayt (the Progeny of the Holy Prophet)!
How can Rabi’ be a Shiite? Rabi’ was a servant, subservient, and a bondman of Mansur. He is one who had entered the Abbasside system in his childhood, served them and had become the confidante of Mansur. He had served them a lot and attained the rank of minister in the Abbasside system.
Had not it been for Rabi’s efforts, the Caliphate would not have remained in Mansur’s family after his death and most probably his uncles would have inherited it. Rabi’, who was the only person on Mansur’s bedside at the time of his death, counterfeited a will and testament for him in which Mansur’s son Mahdi was named as his successor. Fazl ibn Rabi’, who became a minister in the administrations of Harun and Amin, was son of this man (Rabi’). Of course there are a number of traditions implying that his holiness

================



======= Instance Index 22572 =========
Input Text: Context: Ash worked very well with others.

Question: How would you describe Ash?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: collaborative

B: too independent

C: proud

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.05879
Retrieved Text: Last Friday our Hove Branch Manager Ashley Butler did his best Nicky Campbell impression and hosted our monthly Wheel of Fortune session.
Designed to recognise members of our team who have gone above and beyond the call of duty in the name of customer service, our usual host Chris Sawyer was on his way to enjoy the scenery of Dorset’s Jurassic coast so it was left to Ashley to announce the lucky winners.
Having helped 12 clients with their mortgage needs Harry spun the wheel and won a £100 in vouchers, but the prestigious Performer of the month award went to joint winners Carron and Ash.
During the month Carron went that extra mile several times. Voted for by her Sawyer & Co team mates Carron worked amazingly well under pressure this month to hold some very difficult sales together. The lovely Joan span the wheel for her and won £250 of vouchers.
As for Ash, his vote winning July performance included his willingness to help others, working with a smile on his face, and making sure that the team ran smoothly all of which earned him an afternoon off.
Tune in next month to see what the Wheel of Fortune has in store for August!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.02492
Retrieved Text: “Jae played exceptionally well in her first event of this magnitude and to be leading such a quality field after the first day goes to show how the winter training has developed her game. I was not present in Troon, but kept in contact with Jae daily and we discussed how to come to terms with the new situations she was having to deal with. Jae conducted herself very well in unknown territory and gained valuable experience.
Good luck in Turkey !!!!
GM- IMG Q- 1 "ROAD TO SAN DIEGO"
Ash former GM Junior Golf Tour player won numerous events on the leading junior tour in Europe gaining invaluable experience.
"Well done Ash !!, keep up the good work with everything we continue to develop, best regards"
--------------BLANCA PORTA THE YOUNG SPANISH STAR "REIGNS IN SPAIN"
Having “won again” on the 2014 Circuito Miguel Angel Jimenez at Golf Son Vida, Palma de Mallorca scoring a gross 75 to extend her lead in the order of merit by over 110 points, Blanca continued in her winning ways scoring a gross 71 (level par) at Club Golf Jaca to become the IV Puntuable de Aragon Sub -25 2014 winner. Both events saw Blanca reduce her handicap once again and show the Spanish golfing nation that she is a formidable competitor.
“Blanca & I have worked on many aspects of her game over the past few months and even though they are still nowhere close to reaching their full potential , the above wins amongst others during this summer prove that the developments in place are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.638657
Retrieved Text: Heading: 24\ STEEL SNOW PUSHER"
• Stamped steel blade, steel D grip, stained ash handle.
I bought this shovel yesterday and it is excellent. Reminds me of the one my dad had when I was a kid back when things were built to last. Solid construction and the steel blade is very durable.
Awesome shovel that actually peels back the snow off of your sidewalk down to the concrete. Prefer over the plastic shovels with a metal edge , doesn't catch ridges like those others , great shovel that will last a long time . Worked so well someone else decided that they need it more than we did , buying another . Works well and one item that will honestly give you years of service .
I have owned 2 of these. They have lasted in excess of 10 years. They finally wore out from being scraped over the concrete sidewalk for many years. Looking to buy 2 more.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.18654
Retrieved Text: Well done to Ash for their amazing assembly this afternoon. They demonstrated the ability to work on their own and as a team to put together an informative and light hearted assembly.
This week, 4 Ash have written their own play scripts inspired by a tempest. They then performed their play scripts to the rest of the class and were fantastic! Well done 4 Ash!
As a result of winning the attendance we received extra points towards the 'In It To Win It' total and came joint second with Oak.
What an amazing start to the year.
Our rockets. Well done to all the children for their hard work.
Mrs Pethurst and I hope the children have enjoyed their first half term in Year 4. They have worked really hard and we are very proud of them.
To assist our learning on the topic of Space we have used the virtual reality goggles to experience seeing the Earth from Space, as well as seeing the Earth spinning in the middle of the classroom using an AR code.
Welcome to 4 Ash's class page.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.580828
Retrieved Text: It’s an older character home on a lush tree-lined street in a well-established suburb. There’s a lot to love about the house but because the home was built so long ago, it doesn’t have many of the comforts and conveniences that come with modern design and construction.
Here’s a list of challenges a lot of homeowners have in well-established suburbs with older houses.
That’s exactly what Ash had to deal with for her gorgeous home in Fremantle. Her husband, Wayne, did years of searching to find their perfect “do up nest”. Ash loved the wonderfully charming 1930’s house but was less impressed with its lack of modern conveniences. So together, Wayne and Ash came up with a shared vision for a renovation that would give them the best of both worlds. Wayne had a lot of structural ideas and Ash, as an interior decorator, had plenty of ideas about the finer decorative details. Ash says they made a great team! When it was time to find a builder, they had some clear designs in mind and a detailed list of things they wanted to change.
They contacted several builders. In the end, Ash and Wayne decided One Design and Construct was the builder to carry out their project and realise their dream. Not simply because John and his team were recommended with high praise from a friend, but also because John appreciated and understood their designs.
Throughout the process, Ash says the team showed flexibility and a high degree of attention to detail, which were very important for her.
What was

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.394197
Retrieved Text: The Sierra Club’s Beyond Coal Campaign has been fighting to protect communities and waterways from the harmful impacts of coal, including coal ash, for several years. The Campaign aims to retire one-third of the nation’s 500 coal plants by 2020 and replace the majority of these retired plants with clean energy solutions such as wind, solar, and geothermal. The Campaign has created a nationwide movement to end U.S. coal burning by addressing the issue on a state-by-state and utility-by-utility basis.
The Sierra Club in North Carolina was well positioned to respond rapidly in the days and weeks following the Dan River coal ash spill in February 2014. The organization worked closely with allies to shine a spotlight on this spill and secure comprehensive coal ash clean-up for all Duke Energy coal ash sites, including the coal ash pits at Duke Energy’s retired Sutton coal plant.
In partnership with Louis Bacon and The Orton Foundation, The Sierra Club educated lawmakers, mobilized citizens, and ran advertisements calling for Duke Energy to remove coal ash from unlined pits adjacent to waterways at all 14 locations across the state. The organization worked with partners to deliver 9,000 petitions to Duke Energy, calling on the nation’s largest energy company to act immediately to protect North Carolina’s drinking water and take full responsibility for the costs of the coal ash spill and ongoing coal ash contamination across the state.
The Beyond Coal team, represented by the Southern Environmental Law Center, has fought for a positive ruling in state court, confirming that the state environmental agency

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.169622
Retrieved Text: Having met while studying at the London College of Fashion, Ash & Lorraine’s keen eye, entrepreneurial spirit and design credentials saw them join forces and establish Pyrus in 2002. Originally set up to source and design for High Street and Department stores thoughts soon turned to a stand-alone brand where the designer’s creations could be channeled into their very own product. These dreams soon came to fruition, three years later in East London, when Pyrus (the brand) was established in 2005.
This clear vision and determination had not always been apparent with both Ash & Lorraine pursuing different careers prior to attending the London College of Fashion. Ash, originally from India was a studio musician, trained classical pianist and guitarist with a degree in economics before turning his hand to fashion. Lorraine on the other hand had her sights set on an acting career and had been modelling since the age of 5.
The very first Pyrus collection was sold from the couple’s living room, which was turned into a temporary showroom. To get the brand off the ground both Ash & Lorraine worked two jobs to ensure its success. The collections are now stocked in some of the world’s most premium retailers as well as independent boutiques and departments stores across the UK, Europe, Japan and Hong Kong.
The couple still live in London with their son Oscar and two miniature Daschunds who go to work with them everyday. Summer 2014 sees the launch of Juniper Rose, a sister brand to Pyrus. Juniper Rose presents a youthful spirit,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.131235
Retrieved Text: Anyone here likes pikachu? I do, he's cute and fluffy to boot.
I like Pikachu because he is basicly the Pokemon mascot ever since Pokemon Yellow and the Anime.
Yep, its actually Ash's very first pokemon, is it not?
Yup thats who Ash got as his starter since all the others were taken.
he's not that bad eh? XD He's a nice pokemon to start with.
Except for at the 1st gym, wich is rock. Electric isn't good against rock.
oh, well. I watched them a long time ago, so I can't recall it. XD So yeah anyway, I do understand that pikachu's unique, while the others aren't? like for example, there are many other charizards and stuff, but there's only one pikachu in the whole pokemon world?
In the anime, lots of other trainers had Pikachu. In Pokemon Firered/Leafgreen and some 4th generation games, I remember finding multiple Pikachus.
Ash has the strongest of all Pikachu.
I like pikachu but i wish it had higher stats in the games. It's funny how Ash's pikachu managed to tie with a latios but lost to a starter snivy. Not having electric attacks was no excuse since grass types resist electric attacks.
Yea I was really shock Pikachu knock out a legendary pokemon that was really impresive.
yep, anyway, pikachu,s sometimes very powerful, sometimes the weak point.
Whenever Ash starts a new region Pikachu becomes weak again.
I don't like when Pikachu gets weaker at all.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.032263
Retrieved Text: Didgeridoo 179, Ash in C.
A deep sounding didgeridoo made from Ash in the key of C with C and G overtones.
My longest didgeridoo so far at over 2m long, the 28x29 diameter mouthpiece leads down the 208cm length of the instrument, widening gradually to a bell 10x14cm in diameter. Due to its size, this didge is slightly heavier than others, weighing in at 4.3kg.
Long, low and deep this didgeridoo is easy to play with a very comfortable mouthpiece. Its size lends itself to softer, slower, more meditative rhythms, however, performs very well with faster more staccato rhythms. Vocals balance well with the drone and and extra depth to the already rich sound. As the bell widens/flares out quite distinctly it adds some volume and bass to the sound so that the didge can be played through a range from gentle to aggressive playing and pressure.
Gathered near Arundel, West Sussex, on the South Downs, this Ash didgeridoo has been sealed and finished with a combination of Tung oil, Danish oil and wax. The bore has been coated with several layers of Tung Oil to help protect, preserve and enhance the wood and maintain a clear sound. The exterior has been coated with several layers of Danish Oil then topped with wax giving a soft finish both to touch and visually.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.754381
Retrieved Text: Attractive quiet Black 4yo 15h (approx) Mare. Reg ASH C2-237011. Breeding includes Acres Destiny, Docs Spinifex and Heritage Stock Horse lines.
Bred for performance, with professional training in Campdraft, Challenge, ASH showing and has a solid foundation established with these disciplines in mind.
Very smart and agile mare with natural ability, established all dry work and has worked cattle and had other casual outings with a lady rider including sporting days and trail rides.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.605211
Retrieved Text: At Ash Creek Homes, our homeowners are our number one priority. And having happy homeowners is our goal at the end of the day. Read reviews here straight from those who have purchased an Ash Creek home. Plus, check out our latest reviews on our Google page.
"It really was a stress free and fun process."
Buying our home with Ash Creek Homes was not only a fun experience, it was a truly headache free experience. Our saleswoman (Chris O'Brien) made herself easily accessible throughout the build process and was always a pleasure to deal with. The Superintendent (Jordy) kept the build on schedule with no delays, maintained quality craftsmanship with all the trades and addressed changes quickly and efficiently. We cannot stress enough what a pleasure it was going through the design/build process with Ash Creek Homes. It really was a stress free and fun process. They delivered a quality home on time. If you are reading this and thinking about buying with this builder I can say with 100% certainty that it will be well worth it. If you're looking for a builder who's floorplans are second to none, will deliver your home on time, and builds a quality home, Ash Creek Homes is it.
"...absolutely wonderful to work with and very easy to communicate with..."
The Ash Creek communities are very well planned and the utmost care is given to keeping as many trees and local landscape as possible. My home is absolutely lovely and I am so lucky to have so many great neighbors! The amenity

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.583887
Retrieved Text: Take a look at some of the positive feedback we have received from our customers.
Loved my experience here at Volkswagen, Jake gave a personal sales experience and catered for all my needs. My dad and I were very pleased after going to other car companies and having bad experiences each time, at no time did I feel pressured or pushed to make a decision. Everything was so simple and I am so pleased to be driving away in my dream first car.
Sam and Alan were really helpful in finding a car and finance package that worked for me, would definitely recommend.
I am very happy to be taking delivery of my new Nissan Juke. Always had very good service and a friendly welcome when ever I come here.
Dan was very helpful, very informative and let me know all that was going on. Very happy with the service. Cheers.
Shane was so helpful and the customer service I received was amazing, especially after my last experience buy a car wasnt the best and I was dreading going through it all again. Shane was friendly and made it an enjoyable experience for me. Even when I was having issues with trying to sort out taking my private plates off my car and sorting my finacae settlement figure someone was always available to help me. I will definitely recommend Nissan to others.
Ash and Dhiren and everyone in Canterbury Dealership as simply amazing! Ash is always so helpful and going the extra mile, when I think there is nothing more he can

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.58282
Retrieved Text: Charles Bradshaw-Smith launched SmartKlub Scotland in Edinburgh on 23 May at the Low Carbon Scotland conference in front of Paul Wheelhouse, SNP MSP Minister for Business, Innovation & Energy.
Devolved Scotland is particularly well suited and motivated to establish smart localised energy generation and services for their communities.
This extends SmartKlub’s reach beyond its existing territories in England and Wales including city partnerships in Leeds, Milton Keynes and Nottingham. This is a major step forward in SmartKlub’s development.
Ash Gupta, is founder of The Gupta Partnership and its low carbon technology extension, Gupta Smart Energy. Ash has an impressive track record in seeding and promoting smart energy and low carbon market transformational technologies through projects within Scotland’s utilities, ports and cities.
Over recent years Ash has worked on the seeding of a brand-new energy generation system called DifGen with Scottish Water; worked to encourage the adoption of low carbon transport via Ford and the BMW i-Brand vehicles; and the proliferation of low carbon LED lighting for industrial and hazardous areas. Ash is also a director and shareholder of one of Europe’s largest zero-energy, eco-home developments, Glendale Ecohomes, an EU project developed in conjunction with Electric Corby.
SmartKlub Scotland will focus on establishing links with the Scottish Government, Local Authorities and local low carbon technology suppliers to roll out its community energy platform – CAPE. In addition, SmartKlub’s ESCO model will work well with housing developers and housing associations.
SmartKlub are regular speakers at the annual Low Carbon Energy Scotland events (see this link).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.413038
Retrieved Text: Natural Bushcraft > More Resources > TV Shows, Documentaries & Films > Flog it !!!!
View Full Version : Flog it !!!!
Our very own Ash was on yesterday doing a spot of Cornish Wrestling. :happy-clapping:hehe... well spotted! Yeah someone else on Twitter (https://twitter.com/Matt_Hayz/status/236157228623753216) spotted also.
I got yappin to the BBC's sound guy on the shoot about Natural Bushcraft actually, it was worth me probing because he recon'd he had worked with Ray Mears a fair bit.
Enjoyed the video and the music was excellent too. Cant beat Kate Rusby!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.376003
Retrieved Text: Growing up, Dr Ash always wanted to be in the medical field, and decided that dentistry was the perfect profession that would allow her to be creative yet scientific. Since graduating from Mumbai University (MUHS) in 2006, Dr Ash Sagar has worked to build caring, quality and effective relationships with her patients.
In order to provide the best care for her patients, Dr Ash stays up to date with the latest advancements in the field through continuing professional development courses and seminars each month. As well as has diploma in Progressive Orthodontics, Clear Correct, C fast,Smile fast, Myo braces, Full mouth rehabilitation (FMR), Digital Smile Design (DSD), Soft Tissue LASER.
Dr Ash is well versed in all aspects of dentistry and particularly enjoys improving smile and aesthetics in hopes to improve self-satisfaction and confidence of all patient.
Dr Ash speaks English, Marathi and Hindi. She remains a current member of the ADA and the ADAVB. Outside of the practice, Dr Ash enjoys spending time in Narre Warren, swimming and biking. Ash married Mark in 2008 and they have 2 sons. There seems to be never enough time when there are so many things the little ones enjoy and love doing! When time allows. loves getting quality family time in whenever possible.
Get to know more about Dr Ash when you book an appointment at Narre Warren Dental Care.
In order to provide the best service possible for his patients, Dr Pawan regularly participates in continuing education courses at the Royal Dental Hospital of Melbourne. He also travels locally and internationally for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.349062
Retrieved Text: Longtime, former executive director of the Nebraska Cornhusker State Games, Tom Ash of Lincoln, was named the 2013 Grand Marshall for the annual Seward Fourth of July Celebration to be held in Seward on July 4. The honoree is the recipient of the annual “Nebraskan’s Friend Award,” presented to an individual that has given a lifetime of service to others. He was selected by a unanimous vote of the Seward Fourth of July Celebration Committee to be honored as the City of Seward’s annual celebration honoree for his service to Nebraska.
Ash served as the executive director of the Cornhusker State Games from 1987 through 2004-retiring to serving a part-time special projects coordinator with the Nebraska Games and Parks and as a part-time sports feature writer for the Omaha World Herald. He has also served as the Coordinator for the Nebraska Games and Parks Commission’s Nebraska Outdoor Expo in Kearney and has recently been involved with the Ager Golf Course in Lincoln.
Ash is a lifetime Nebraska resident, born in Omaha Nebraska and was a graduate of North High School in 1958, the University of Nebraska in Lincoln in 1961 and Omaha University in Journalism in 1963. He served in the Nebraska National Guard from 1963 to 1966 and in the US Army Reserves from 1966 to 1969.
He served as part of the Kay Orr for Governor Campaign and transition team, as Vice President/Public Relations for the University of Nebraska Foundation, as Director of Annual Giving for the University of Nebraska Foundation and as Editor for Husker’s Illustrated

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.231342
Retrieved Text: White ash is one of the most used trees for everyday purposes and, to keep up with high demand, is cultivated almost everywhere it can be. The wood is white and quite dense (within 20% of 670kg/m3), strong, and straight-grained. It is the timber of choice for production of baseball bats and tool handles. The wood is also favorable for furniture and flooring. Woodworkers use the timber mainly for interior uses due to high perishability in contact with ground soil. It is also used to make lobster traps. Since the 1950s, it has also become a popular choice for solid electric guitar bodies. It makes a very servicable longbow if properly worked. The wood was used in ceiling fan blades from the 1970s through the mid-1980s, though cane was sometimes simulated with plastic then. It is no longer used for ceiling fan blades in most countries.
The tree has a mast crop every 11 years and is very easy to plant and cultivate with a survival rate of 30%.
Other names occasionally used for the species include Biltmore ash, Biltmore white ash and cane ash.
The emerald ash borer (Agrilus planipennis), also commonly known by the acronym EAB, is a green beetle native to Asia.
In North America the emerald ash borer is an invasive species, highly destructive to ash trees in its introduced range. The damage of this insect rivals that of Chestnut blight and Dutch Elm Disease. To put its damage in perspective, the number of chestnuts killed by the Chestnut blight was around 3.5 billion chestnut trees

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.158022
Retrieved Text: I passed with Ash today and already drove by myself with loads of confidence. I've had other instructors who don't prepare you properly but Ash prepares you throughly and is friendly and patient. He's always on time, does his best to fit you in when it's good for you and I couldn't have passed without him, Thanks Ash!
been learing for 7 month with ash and he is a great person and very reliable and friendly n he has helped me loads with my theroy and practical test n i would just like to take this oppitunity to say thankyou very much n i wud recomend him to every1, alot of good laughs and a pleasurable time learing,, Thanks mate !!!
Ash is a brilliant driving instructor! I passed my test first time with 7 minors, which were all totally down to my nerves and not Ashley's tuition! Ash is a total professional, and really knows his stuff. He is so patient and kind, and will go out of his way to help you. I can't recommend Ash highly enough - he has been a good friend and made the process of learning to drive safely fun and relaxing. Thank you!
i have driven a car before until i started to learn with Ash, i passed first attempt with only 3 minors learning with Ash was relaxing / fun and most of all Ash was very reliable, i would recommend Ash to anyone who is keen to learn to drive and wants excellent tuition thanks very much Ash .
I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.130404
Retrieved Text: The American Society of Hematology (ASH) is the largest professional association of blood specialists in the world. FleishmanHillard helped ASH develop and promote “Blood: The Vital Connection,” a consumer campaign designed to educate the public about the importance of healthy blood, raise awareness of hematology as a vitally important specialty, and position ASH as a premier voice on hematological research, treatment and care.
The campaign included a documentary film, “Blood Detectives,” that aired on Discovery Health. In conjunction with the campaign and documentary, FleishmanHillard created a patient-facing, consumer-friendly website and supported the launch of the documentary with a multifaceted media campaign, including a radio media tour, audio news release and documentary screening, that generated millions of impressions.
The agency has worked with ASH to select the most media-friendly research studies to publicize and has helped increase the attendance of journalists at the ASH’s annual meeting by more than 50 percent. There has been greater media coverage in mainstream outlets, including Reuters, Bloomberg, The New York Times, CBS News and WebMD for each successive year, as well as greater coverage of studies specifically referenced in the ASH press program.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.999197
Retrieved Text: Ash Brokerage and The City Of Fort Wayne created a new, world class headquarters in downtown Fort Wayne that towers 11 floors above the city streets known as Project Skyline. Skyline is a public-private partnership which includes the new National corporate headquarters for Ash Brokerage, retail space, and a publicly owned parking garage.
The project includes 23,800 SF of first-floor retail offering services from banking to fine dining. The 470,000 SF parking structure supports a private rooftop garden overlooking the downtown skyline from several stories above as well as four levels of corporate offices. The parking structure and its programmable LED architectural lighting features, street scape, site engineering and specialty precast engineering as well as project coordination for the city of Fort Wayne were provided by Hoch.
Hoch also worked collaboratively with the project team of professionals for the Ash component of the project providing a seamless integration of design and structural compatibility.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.953396
Retrieved Text: Overview: Great wine speaks profoundly, a universal language transcending any one culture. Hailing from northern Europe, the Fullerton family speaks many languages, and delights in sharing the language of wine with others. Fullerton Wines crafts elegant and distinctive Pinot Noirs and Chardonnays that transport you to their place, Oregon’s Willamette Valley.
A family of enophiles, the Fullertons can trace their love of wine to Eric, who was first introduced to wine growing and production during his teenage years when he worked as a cellar hand in Germany (a story in and of itself). A few years later, his best friend in Denmark inherited an impressive cellar of Bordeaux and Burgundy wines. Together, they sought younger bottlings of the cellared wines, and held vertical tastings. Their interest in wine grew, and they began traveling throughout France discovering new producers to fuel their expanding passion.
When Eric and Susanne met in Stockholm, it did not take long for Susanne to fall in love with Eric and the wines he respected. Marriage soon followed, and they continued tasting, savoring, and cellaring wine.
In 2010, Alex Fullerton graduated from the University of Oregon with an Economics degree. Alex and Eric were tasting wine at Penner-Ash Wine Cellars, and began discussing home-brewing and the process of fermentation. The conversation led to the idea of Alex making wine. A couple of minutes later, Lynn Penner-Ash entered the room, and Eric asked her how Alex could enter the industry. Coincidentally, a harvest intern had dropped out that morning, and she needed a replacement. The next day

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.887602
Retrieved Text: I am a writer with dyslexia which is a little bit of a nightmare. In my form of dyslexia, I can’t spell well at all and typos are my middle name. The concept of writing for a living is terrifying. I am a graduate student, and I am lucky to work with another student who proofs my work. I started working with her after two professors told me that my papers were filled with mistakes and unacceptable, but, as an aside, I wrote well. I am so lucky to work with Ash. Unlike some others I have worked with she doesn’t alter my words and phrasing but helps me to improve my punctuation and gets rid of my typos. But I realize I use on her so much I am using her as a crutch. So this blog will be written without her, typos and bad grammar and all. My goal with this blog is to write, have fun, and, improve my writing. I make a lot of mistakes because I am terrified of making mistakes. I am working to abate the vicious cycle and finally learn to, dare I say punctuate.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.781797
Retrieved Text: Through the early and mid-2000s, musician, songwriter, and studio engineer Ash Hopkins worked with such popular indie acts as Jump, Little Children, Cary Ann Hearst, Bain Mattox, Dan McCurry’s Run Dan Run, and others over the years. In 2007, Hopkins and his wife Giovanna Allegretti were ready for a fresh start, so they moved to Chapel Hill, N.C.
“I felt I had developed the requisite skills and perspective to make my own art on my own terms in relative sanity,” says Hopkins. He worked a projectionist and pizza guy before landing a job on an organic farm. Over the last two years, he recorded a six-song EP titled Collection and a 10-song album titled Reboot, which was officially released last month.
Check out the music at ashleyhopkins.bandcamp.com.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.7657
Retrieved Text: Just completed. Tenor scale open back banjo uke.
Main wood is Tasmanian Blackwood. Feature ring is Purple Heart and Claret Ash. Neck is TB laminated with a skunk stripe of Purple Heart and Claret Ash. Fingerboard PH with TB fret markers.
Looks great. I have some purple heart in the stash but have not yet worked out how to feature it. This looks a bit like a military uniform ... very neat and tidy lines, classy.
Purple Heart is one of my favorite feature timbers. Great for accents etc. Can be a sod to work sometimes, splinters easily, hard on tools, but worth it in the end.
"Military Uniform", I quite like that.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.754787
Retrieved Text: Wow . . . great Zero to Hero reading!
By the end of the year Ash Class had earned so many medals as part of our Zero to Hero reading challenge. Here we are with all the medals that have been put up along every passageway in the school ready to go home with the brilliant readers.
Thank you so much at home with all the support you have given your children with their reading. Zero thinks everyone is a reading hero!
Rapid Fire cricket - our favourite team game!
Ash class has been learning how to improve their ball skills this term, as well as learning how to play team games. Our favourite game has been Rapid Fire cricket. We had our final match on Thursday and we had the best time with one team scoring 35 runs! Try playing this with your family at home as it is a great game.
Ash Class had a great day of drama and sport when Mrs Peterson finished reading the Summer of the Sea Serpent on Thursday. At the start of the day we made our own groups to write, act, find costumes, music and props to perform an exciting play in front of the class by the end of the day. It wasn't easy to make sure that the everyone was included in the group and that the play had a clear beginning, middle and end. However by the end of the day 4 groups performed brilliantly using ideas from the books we have read during the year. Many of the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.753979
Retrieved Text: Indeed the ‘Ulamaa of Hind (India) in later times worked hard in spreading the books of Hadeeth and printing them as well as busying themselves with them, for they were influenced by the ‘Ulamaa of Yemen such as Ash-Shawkaanee and As-San’aanee.
Indeed the Indians would print the books but they would not bring about checkings of them at all; for their intent was to distribute them only. No one revived the knowledge of Hadeeth after it had passed away except for the Indians - and they were the students of the two Yemenis; As-San’aanee and Ash-Shawkaanee.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.672417
Retrieved Text: As the episode begins, Cilan is making a stew for Ash and Iris while saying that it will be a great stew. While he is cooking, the Pokémon are enjoying the smell of the food. Ash and Iris swing back and forth on vines, as they say to Cilan that it's fun and that he should try it too. As they are swinging, a leaf falls into the pot and Cilan becomes upset. He knocks the pot over and says that it is shocking time. Everyone is shocked to see the food fall over, as Iris and Ash apologize to Cilan for that happening. Cilan looks down with a sad face, as everyone looks nervous about what he's going to say. Cilan says that it now means that they will have no lunch. Iris grabs three apples, and hands them to Ash and Cilan. Cilan says that he is going to remake the food, and says that if they want to play then they will need to do it farther away from the food.
As they walk away, Ash says that they did something bad to Cilan. Iris says that they got scolded because he is a child. She says that it is his fault since it was his idea to swing in the vines. Ash says that he just wanted to show that she wasn't the only one that can climb trees and crossing branches. Iris says that they should race to see who is better, as she suggests that they race to an Oran Berry

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.57032
Retrieved Text: Our 1 to 1 Karting lessons are ideal to give your budding F1 driver the chance to learn how to drive a kart better.
From basic driving tips for beginners to advanced racing tips for the more experienced driver, our Karting instructors are on hand. Sessions available on Saturday and Sunday only between 9am and 11am or 5pm onwards. Mid-week sessions available until 5pm.
At £35 for a 45 minute lesson or £45 for 60 minutes, it is perfect value, and gives your child a better start to becoming a more competent driver.
For those looking for a longer term set of goals and a continued tuition process then you can book several sessions for one price of £150 for 5×30minute sessions or £200 for 5×45 minute sessions. Lessons will be split with 2 on the National circuit and 3 on the International circuit. All 5 dates need to pre-booked with weekend availability limited but usually run at 9am or 10am.
Once you have completed your 5 one to one lessons you will be required to take part in a basic kart driving assessment. Upon passing, you will receive a 12 month Midland Karting driving licence/membership. (If part of package paid in full this will be free otherwise £20 for a test/driving licence for 12 months this includes kart hire, instructor and licence).
Please be aware that all sessions need to be pre-booked, and all drivers must be aged 8-years or over. For further information please contact us.
Ash is one of our youngest 1-to-1 instructors but has had a lot of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.562773
Retrieved Text: Bowback Bench: This bowback bench, also called a windsor bench, was one of the first items I designed and is inspired by Shaker furniture and by the five plus years I worked at Thos. Moser Cabinetmakers. It is constructed of cherry with ash spindles and maple (often birdseye or tiger maple) legs. I have also made these contemporary windsor benches in maple, walnut, and oak. All but the oak bench had ash spindles and maple legs. The curved “bow” of the back is a laminate because cherry and many other woods do not steam bend well enough to make the tight curves you see. For the cherry benches I buy laminating veneer in flitches; a flitch is a half a log that has been sliced with a knife; in this case to 1/10th inch thick slices. Since the slices come in sequence the grain matches when the bows are glued together and the gluelines seem to disappear. The seats are rough shaped with an electric chainsaw then ground and finally sanded 5 times in sucessively finer grits.
Bowback Bench: This bowback bench, also called a windsor bench, was one of the first items I designed and is inspired by Shaker furniture and by the five plus years I worked at Thos. Moser Cabinetmakers. It is constructed of cherry with ash spindles and maple (often birdseye or tiger maple) legs. I have also made these contemporary windsor benches in maple, walnut, and oak. All but the oak bench had ash spindles and maple legs. The curved "bow" of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.542643
Retrieved Text: Obituary for Robert J. Gerhardt, Jr.
Bob was a great man and Brother Mason - held in the highest regard and always able to find solutions to challenges while retaining a positive demeanor and outlook. Courage, strength, and prayers from our family to yours.
It was my pleasure to work with Bob while a Representative of The Cincinnati Gas and Electric Co. I have worked with numerous City Managers and Bob was the best. He loved the City of Fairfield and the opportunity to represent the city and he did so in a professional manner. I truly lost a valued friend as well as those who were associated with Bob.
On behalf of the men and women of the Blue Ash Police Department as well as the whole City of Blue Ash Family, we send our heart felt condolences to the Gerhardt family.

================



======= Instance Index 32350 =========
Input Text: Context: Jordan found his friends later.

Question: Why did Jordan do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: call them

B: cares about his friends

C: didn't know where they were

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.119223
Retrieved Text: Every now and again, all those stories of wicked stepmothers from children’s fairy tales come true, and the results of their cruelty are even more horrific than the things Cinderella and Snow White were subjected to. One such instance took place in Castlemont, Texas, with Tammi Bleimeyer and her 5-year-old stepson Jordan.
On Monday, Bleimeyer was sentenced to 28 years in prison for starving the little boy and forcing him to sleep in a locked crawl space under the stairs, which prosecutors in the case compared to the closet in which the fictional Harry Potter was forced to live by his aunt and uncle. As AOL reported, doctors who examined the boy after he was rescued compared his condition to that of a Holocaust survivor.
The 37-year-old mother of seven was found guilty of injury to a child by omission for her actions against her stepson. The crawl space under the stairs was littered with loose nails and exposed wires.
Bleimeyer’s 16-year-old son was the one who reported her to the Harris County Precinct 4 Constable’s Office in March 2014 for the abuse. He called the police on his mother after an incident in which she slammed Jordan’s head against a wall and shocked him with a taser.
Police went to perform a welfare check, but the pregnant Bleimeyer had already fled with Jordan, who was 5-years-old at the time. Later that day, they were tracked down at a motel, and Bleimeyer was arrested. In 2015, Jordan’s father, 24-year-old Bradley Bleimeyer, was arrested for his part. He has been sentenced

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.102407
Retrieved Text: A former Texas police officer was found guilty of murder on Tuesday in the 2017 killing of an unarmed African-American teenager who was shot as he and his friends started to drive away from a house party in a car.
A Dallas County jury convicted Roy Oliver, who is white and a former officer for the Balch Springs Police Department, of murdering Jordan Edwards when he fired multiple times into a car full of teens and struck the 15-year-old in the head.
Fired Balch Springs police officer Roy Oliver, testifies to the jury with defense attorney Jim Lane during the sixth day of his trial at the Frank Crowley Courts Building in Dallas, Aug. 23, 2018.
The jury announced its verdict just before 3 p.m. local time, after deliberating 13 hours over two days.
As Dallas County District Court Judge Brandon Birmingham read the verdict, Oliver, 38, wearing a gray suit and standing between his two defense attorneys, showed no emotion.
After the jury filed out of the courtroom, relatives and friends of Jordan hugged each other. Some, including Jordan's mother, Charmaine Edwards, broke into tears.
Odell Edwards, Jordan's father, sprung up from his seat in the front row of the courtroom and hugged Assistant District Attorney Mike Snipes.
Fifteen-year-old Jordan Edwards was shot and killed April 29, 2017 by former Balch Springs police officer Roy Oliver in Texas.
"I'm very, very happy," Odell Edwards told reporters. "It's been a long time, a hard year."
The jury found Oliver not guilty of aggravated assault for firing with a rifle into the car of teenagers.
Jordan was

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.061497
Retrieved Text: Jordan is a graduate of Lipscomb University where he earned a degree in Corporate Management. Originally from Chattanooga, he made the move to Nashville to pursue education but decided to make the city his home post-graduation. Following school, Jordan earned his commission in the Army, and currently serves as a Platoon Leader in the Tennessee Army National Guard. In his spare time, Jordan can be found weightlifting, running, reading military history, spending time with friends, or playing with his dog, Mattis. Jordan has had the opportunity to travel to South Korea and will be traveling to the Caribbean in the near future. Australia, Germany and Italy are bucket-list trips that are soon to follow. Jordan is excited to be a part of the THIRDHOME Member Experience team and help offer one-of-a-kind experiences to members!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.91954
Retrieved Text: Jordan Belfort is originally known as Jordan Ross Belfort, he is the former stockbroker of Wall Street, a motivational speaker and an American author. Jordan Belfort net worth is estimated to be $100 million as of 2018 according to different sources.
Know more about Jordan Belfort with us.
Jordan Ross Belfort, better known as Jordan Belfort is a former stockbroker of ‘Wall Street’, a motivational speaker and an American author. A New York-born had a natural talent as a salesman since an early age. Later, he worked as a stockbroker and gained millions of dollar illegally during 90’s through his investment company ‘Stratton Oakmont’.
After found guilty of cheating investors, manipulating the stock market, and creating ‘penny stock scam’, he was jailed for 22 months, however, he was sentenced for four years in prison. and submitted testimony against all the partners and subordinates involved in the fraud schemes. After clearing all the punishment, he has changed his track and become a motivational speaker.
He being motivation other talking about the topics such as ethic but later focused on sales skills and entrepreneurship. However, he mentions the importance of ethics in his speeches on and the role of it in order to run a successful business. And also teaches how to avoid making mistakes that he made in his career as a broker.
Jordan Belfort net worth is estimated to be $100 million as of 2018 according to different sources.
Jordan Belfort is estimated to have a net worth of $100 million as of 2018 according to different sources.
Jordan Belfort was born in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.810505
Retrieved Text: Nike has prevailed in a lawsuit over the “Jumpman” logo for its Air Jordan brand.
“Rentmeester created a never-before-used pose — inspired by ballet — to generate Jordan’s appearance of weightlessness and power,” his petition to the Supreme Court said. Time Magazine later ranked it among the most 100 influential images of all time.
When Jordan left college for the NBA that year, he signed an endorsement deal with Nike. Rentmeester claimed that Nike copied “virtually every original element” in a photo the company used for an early marketing campaign with Jordan.
In Nike’s photo, which is set against the Chicago skyline, Jordan soars toward the basket in red-and-black Chicago Bulls gear and Nike shoes. The silhouette of the image later became the logo for Nike’s Air Jordan line, which reached more than $2.8 billion in sales last year.
In 2015, more than 30 years after Rentmeester took his photo, he sued Nike for copyright infringement. But a district court threw out the case and an appeals court upheld the decision. The appeals court found that Nike’s photo was not “substantially similar” to Rentmeester’s.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.757015
Retrieved Text: Books and Poetry – WHAT SHOULD I READ NEXT?
Michael Dunn was found GULITY of first-degree murder in the killing of 17-year-old Jordan Davis in September, 2012 after an argument over loud music. The jury took about 5 hours to reach a verdict today.
The bass from loud music playing in the teens’ SUV started to shake both cars and bother Dunn, who asked for it to be turned down. Front seat passenger Tevin Thompson initially complied, but then Jordan Davis objected and Thompson turned the music back up. According to the other teens, Davis and Dunn continued to talk to each other. Meanwhile, Stornes returned to the vehicle.
According to Dunn’s testimony, Davis threatened to kill him, then opened his car door and pointed what appeared to be a shotgun at him. Dunn, who had a concealed weapons permit, took a handgun out of his glove compartment and started firing at Davis’ door, hitting him in the legs, lungs, and aorta. As the SUV backed up to evade his gunshots, Dunn opened his own door and continued firing at the car, later testifying that he still feared for his safety as well as that of Rouer, who was to return to the vehicle imminently.
Contradicting Dunn’s account, investigators later searched the SUV and found no weapons. Davis’ friends testified that he couldn’t have opened his door because the child lock was set. Contrary to Dunn’s claim that he mentioned the shotgun to her several times, Rouer testified that he never mentioned a gun either that night or the next

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.204573
Retrieved Text: Did you know that John Jordan learned to be a cop with the help of Harry Bosch?
Written by American novelist and ex-prison chaplain from Florida Michael Lister, the John Jordan series is obviously about a prison chaplain named John Jordan!
Set in the Potter Correctional Institution, considered the toughest maximum security prison in Florida, this series follows Jordan, a six-foot-tall ex-cop who is now a prison chaplain investigating murders as he tries to find peace in the worst place possible.
This guide follows the publication order, not the chronological order.
Power in the Blood – Ex-cop John Jordan, now a prison chaplain in the Florida Panhandle, witnesses the bloody death of Potter Correctional Institution inmate Ike Johnson. But what exactly did he witness? Murder, accident, or suicide? Jordan discovers that in the closed society of captives and captors no act goes unseen, and no one takes kindly to a cop in a collar. He soon finds his reputation, his career, and even his life are at stake.
Blood of the Lamb – John Jordan’s search for the peace that has so long eluded him is interrupted by an unimaginable murder. Attempting to be a good man in a very bad place while also maintaining his shaky sobriety, John investigates the murder of the seven year-old adopted daughter of ex-con turned televangelist, Bobby Earl Caldwell, a murder committed in John’s own locked office when Bobby Earl conducts a service in the Potter Correctional Institution chapel.
Flesh and Blood – In this diverse collection of cases, John Jordan investigates the Shroud of Turin,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.197134
Retrieved Text: AN EAST Lancashire described as a ‘Lion of England’, who was killed by insurgents in Afghanistan, is set to be buried next week with full military honours.
Thousands of mourners are expected to descend on All Saints Church, in Earby, on Friday, from 11am, as family, friends, and the community pay their last respects to Lance Corporal Jordan Bancroft, of the Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment.
He was shot dead while providing cover for elders and international peace-keeping troops in Sayedebad, central Helmand, almost two weeks ago.
Following the funeral there will be a private burial, at Salterforth Cemetery, for the ardent Burnley FC fan, and a reception for family and friends at the Rolls Royce Club, in Barnoldswick, later.
Friends who are unable to attend the Friday ceremony are being given the chance to light a memorial candle to Jordan, which can be left at All Saints’ between 6pm and 9pm.
Jordan, who served with Anzio Company in the regiment’s 1st Battalion, leaves two brothers, Paul and Leighton, and a sister, Toni, and was setting up home with his girlfriend Lauren O’Hara.
Parish councillors have said they will be making arrangements to inscribe Jordan’s name on the newly-extended cenotaph for Earby in Sough Park.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.183218
Retrieved Text: It’s been a long time coming almost 15 years, that C-Murder aka Corey Miller has been behind bars on a life sentence for the Night Club shooting Murder of Steven Thomas. New developments in the case could now make the No-Limit rapper a free man.
Thomas was killed after sneaking into the Platinum Club in New Orleans. When he stepped off stage during a rap contest, he was attacked by a group of men and shot. Soon thereafter, Miller was arrested and charged with Thomas’ death.
Almost upwards of 100 people were interrogated that night Jordan had left the crime scene and was only questioned over a year later after his newborn daughter was found dead. The baby’s mother was later charged and convicted with manslaughter in the child’s death, according to The Times-Picayune Cops tried to threaten Jordan with a 10 Year Sentence if he didn’t testify against Miller.
Prosecutors didn’t ask for Jordan’s Testimony in 2003 when a trial judge threw out the jury’s guilty verdict on withheld information about a witness’ criminal background, he was brought back onboard in 2009 after being brought in from Atlanta and held on a material witness bond.
Jordan would later recant his testimony saying Parish deputies harassed him and his family and refused to listen to his assertions that his previous claims were false, saying it was too late for him to change his story.
C-Murders attorney Paul Baker is now stating this new development deserves a hearing for Miller’s release.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.961704
Retrieved Text: Help Save Jordan Birdfuss Catalano!
This fundraiser is for Deborah Helt and her kitty Jordan Birdfuss Catalano. Deb created an outdoor sanctuary at her apartment so her kitties could enjoy nature this summer. Jordan loves to explore and apparently he ate some grass that didn't agree with him. He vomited a few times, but seemed okay.
Last night, Deb got home and found Jordan lethargic and having trouble breathing. She rushed him to the emergency vet at 10pm. After blood tests, xrays, IV fluids, antibiotics and at least $1500 dollars later, Jordan has pneumonia. Fortunately, the tests ruled out cancer or a foreign body, but pneumonia is serious, although treatable. Jordan is still at the hospital today, he's more comfortable and his fever is improving, but he still isn't eating well. Hopefully, he can come home today or tomorrow.
I started this fundraiser because Deb is such a generous and loving person and I know that she would help me if my kitties were in need. Thanks for all your help in getting Jordan well!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.890646
Retrieved Text: Rare Air Jordan 11 Retro Turf editions in the "Concord" and "Space Jam" colorways. Check out the auction here.
Originally made exclusively for C.C. Sabathia. A few other pairs were made as well for others. These pairs came in different sizes (not just C.C.'s personal size 15) and, feature the regular number "23" on the back heel as opposed to the number "52" found on Sabathia's pairs. Select friends and family of Jordan Brand as well as JB athlete Derek Jeter received these shoes special for them. In this case, the "Space Jam" pair was made for Derek Jeter and comes in his personal size 11.5 while the "Concord" pair comes in a size 11, a promo pair.
The Air Jordan 11 Retro was never released to the public in turf form. These are very rare and impossible to come by, especially pairs not made for C.C. Sabathia (even though his personal pairs are rare as well). Enjoy the images below of these two Air Jordan 11 Retro Turf player exclusives. If you're interested in adding these to your collection, click here to buy them on eBay.
Air Jordan 1 Retro High OG "New York Knicks"

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.791777
Retrieved Text: Mr Cook was found dead inside his home in Carlton place.
A 30-YEAR-OLD drug user was found dead by paramedics at his home, an inquest heard.
Jordan Cook was found in his Clitheroe home on May 28 after relatives called an ambulance.
The inquest at Blackburn Town Hall heard how family and friends had not heard from Mr Cook for several days, sparking their concern.
Paramedics found Mr Cook dead at his home in Carlton Place. Police were then called and they ruled out any suspicious circumstances.
Coroner Richard Taylor said drug equipment was found near the body.
He said: "An empty pack of valium was found, as was a tin foil device, which looked like it had been used for smoking drugs.
"A CT scan revealed that there were no natural causes behind Mr Cook's death, which led to a toxicology examination being carried out.
"This confirmed the presence of cocaine, sleeping tablets and anti-depressants in his system. It also couldn't rule out the possibility that there may have been heroin present."
The inquest heard Mr Cook's family and partner had been concerned about his drug use and that he was struggling with his addiction.
Mr Taylor concluded: "This was a young man who was struggling with his drug problem. The correct conclusion in this case was that this was a drug-related death. Jordan Cook ingested an excess of drugs."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.78977
Retrieved Text: In a horrible and tragic turn of events, the lifeless body of a toddler who was the subject of an AMBER Alert was found Tuesday dumped in a wooded area not far from his house in Largo, Florida. A state task force, local police, family and friends had been searching for Jordan Belliveau since Sunday.
His mother, Charisse Denae Stinson, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder, a capital felony, and aggravated child abuse in the death of her 25-month-old son. She’s being held in the Pinellas County jail.
She appeared before a judge today via video and was held without bail.
After being charged with murdering her baby, it’s revealed she is pregnant, as can be seen in video, and on a ‘Justice for Jordan” community Facebook page that shares messages between Stinson and another woman, Stinson admits she’s pregnant. Heavy located a baby shower registry for Stinson with a due date of December 2018.
In a police report posted Wednesday, Stinson told detectives Jordan “had an unexplained serious injury to his right leg” and the “during a moment of frustration she admitted she struck him in the face with the back of her hand which in turn caused the back of his head to strike an interior wall of her home. After the blow to the head the victim suffered from seizures during the night which led to further decline resulted in his death.” This happened at around 1:30 a.m., police said. She then took his body to a wooded area near a sports field not far from

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.705765
Retrieved Text: The father of a 2-month-old boy has been arrested on charges of child abuse.
The baby had 29 bones broken in his body when taken to the hospital for examination by his mother Krishna Rittenhouse.
The father, Jordan Rittenhouse, a Navy sailor, has been charged with first-degree assault and risk of injury to a minor for allegedly causing the injuries to his son, reports The Day.
Doctors discovered the child had multiple rib fractures upon examination. The fractures were in various states of healing, showing abuse over time.
Some of the injuries were consistent with squeezing, while others were not.
Dr. Andrea Asnes told police “she was surprised the victim was alive,” according to the police warrant.
Krishna denied harming the child to police and told them the child may have brittle bone disease, as she suffers from calcium and iron deficiencies. The theory was found unlikely by an assessment team.
Jordan was interviewed by police and denied harming his child, even as he admitted to being under a great deal of stress to complete school while performing at a high level.
"I may have squeezed him at some point, but I am afraid for my career. I’m just getting started in my career," Jordan later said, according to the warrant.
Upon a second interview, Jordan admitted that he squeezed the victim at least 16 times, to make him stop crying, reports The New York Daily News.
After one squeezing instance, Jordan was concerned he may have punctured a lung.
Jordan also admitted to making the infant bleed on one occasion after jamming a bottle into his

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.653725
Retrieved Text: Jordan is in his last semester as an undergrad student at Utah State University. He works at a restaurant and has been for several years. He is a very sarcastic person but comes into clutch when you need him. I know Jordan from his roommate Jarrett who went to high school with me. Jordan likes eating Mexican food and Panda Express and enjoys making fun of people.
Jordan is sitting on a bean bag in his living room. He just got back from studying and had also just ate some food in the kitchen. He was reluctant at first to make an airplane, but eventually caved in and made one. Jordan taught himself how to make paper airplanes originally, and later was taught different strategies but has since forgotten them.
Jordan used a piece of 11 x 8.5 graph paper that had holes and plastic reinforcements on one side. (see attached picture).
: Jordan was laying down on his stomach on a bean bag, using the floor as his table. When asked who taught him how to make a paper airplane, he said “not really anyone, I’m just kind of making it up as I go along.” But he admitted that one year in elementary school they learned how to make them during recess one year. He said he taught his four-year-old niece how to make a paper airplane and stated that she is pro now. His friends that were in the room were having a conversation about emails in the back ground, interrupting a few times. He explained

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.559603
Retrieved Text: Captain Jordan Hurne is the former commanding officer of the USS Victory. He is currently Missing in Action.
Born in England, Earth on stardate 234502.05. Jordan's mother (Faith) died in childbirth. Although born a Terran, Jordan never saw Earth in his youth.
Raised by his father John who was a weapons researcher, and tactical expert who peddled his wears to the highest bidder.
Jordan traveled the Alpha Quadrant with his father from one system to another. Never really mixing with people Jordan kept himself to himself.
Bored one day he joined a band of nobodies who where on there way to fight the Breen. A mixture of Klingons, Humans and Cardassians. Their mission was doomed from the start. A fight ensued between the Klingons and Cardassians. Who all but killed everyone aboard. Jordan returned home to find his father gone. All he could find out from friends was that he had left late on night with Federation Officers.
Jordan spent the next 4 years trying to track his father down(he was all he had). Working his way across space Jordan found himself at 001, Home. Talking in a bar late one night Jordan found a clue to his fathers whereabouts. The following day he enlisted into Starfleet. His one aim to find his father.
In the middle part of 2381, Captain Hurne mysteriously vanished from his quarters. Both Commander Robin Phoenix and Nugra tried to find him, but there was no computer evidence and very little forensic detail to explain what had happened. The man had literally been snatched from his quarters

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.551579
Retrieved Text: What Year Was Michael Jordan's Father Killed?
Michel Jordan’s father, James Jordan died from a shot in his chest as he was coming back from a friend’s funeral and decided to take few minutes rest at about 130 miles from his home. There he was set upon by a pair of robbers who wanted to take his car and valuables but was shot one in chest and was killed.
This incident took place on 23 July 1993 but his body was found 11 days later.
He was actually killed when he pulled over on a freeway to take a nap in his car.
Michael Jordan's father was murdered by two men in the summer of 1993 in North Carolina during a robbery attempt.
You guys are all so dumb......I mean really stupid......His father died when aliens came down and stole his body and did all kinds of experiments on it and because they screwed him up so bad they couldnt revive him....so they made it look like a simple car jack and robbery....You is an idiot.
Y'all is SO stupid. He died when his car had a flat tire and he was on the side of the freeway, by some people who Micheal Jordan was gambaling wit and never paid the money. Y'all some dumb Inbreds!!!!!!
How Much Is An Authentic Michael Jordan College Basketball Card?
How Old Was David When He Killed Goliath Or What Year Did He Kill Goliath?
When Did Michael Jordan Died?
How Much Is My Michael Jordan Retirement Card Set Worth?
Was Michael Jackson Molested By His Father?
What Was Michael Jackson's Favourite

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.541094
Retrieved Text: Walter Ambrose was 85 years of age, when he passed away peacefully on Sunday, October 7, 2018, at his home in Jordan, MN.
A visitation will be held on Thursday, October 11, from 4-7 pm, at Ballard-Sunder Funeral and Cremation 104 West First Street, Jordan and on Friday, October 12 from 10-10:45 am, with a Mass of Christian Burial at 11 am, at St. John the Baptist Catholic Church 313 East Second Street, Jordan. Father Neil Bakker will preside. Walter’s pallbearers will be Ray Ambrose, Chris Mauk, Johnathan Mauk, Mike Hiegel, Jon Baxendell, De’Angelo Pillai, McKinley Hayes and Devin Ambrose. Honorary pallbearers will be Manning Ambrose, Nesan Pillai, Jeya Jeyendran, Brian Hayes, Luke Hayes, Dalton Ambrose, Logan Logendran, Leon Hanka. He will be laid to rest at St. John Calvary Cemetery.
In Jaffna, Sri Lanka, Walter Mariathasan was born on December 27, 1932, to parents Karthigesu and Alice (Solomon) Ambrose. The second of eight children, he was the big brother always watching over the younger siblings. Walter was stern in his actions, but they always had a lot of fun. He attended St. Patrick Catholic School, in Jaffna. Here, he and his brothers enjoyed participating in track and field on the relay team. The Ambrose brothers were invincible.
After graduating from high school, Walter began the next chapter in his life. He married Ariyamalar Solomon on September 29, 1958, at St. Patrick Catholic Church. From this union they were blessed with children, Ida, Raymond and Irine. Unfortunately, Walter and Ariyamalar experienced the loss of two daughters, Sashikala and Manjula.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.515215
Retrieved Text: I enjoyed reading. barthpenn@heaven.org. It's a wonderful story for "tweens." Using the vehicle of an email from heaven, Kevin presents an unlikely communication between an angel in heaven and a boy on earth. The angel, Bartholomew Pennington, unwittingly directs an email to the wrong Jordan Mink, not the one who died and is expected in heaven, but a young boy named Jordan Mink. Bartholomew then stumbles into a mutually satisfying email correspondence with ten year old Jordan.
At first, Jordan doesn't believe Bartholomew is an angel. Bartholomew convinces Jordan by getting involved in his life. Naturally, Heaven wants to close this heavenly communication breach. However, the more Bartholomew learns about Jordan, the more he wants to help him with problems in his life and teach him. He teaches Jordan important life lessons such as don’t judge by appearances, don’t jump to conclusions, “it’s not what we have but who we are,” one person can make a difference, and the importance of promises made and kept.
Bartholomew helps Jordan overcome problems, make friends, and answers Jordan’s questions. We all know the hardest question: “Why do bad things happen to good people?” Bartholomew explains that dealing with pain and suffering is a part of all of us. Overcoming problems in life, dealing with loss, pain, and suffering has made us into compassionate people. We become stronger people who can rise above the challenges and disruptions we face. But when Jordan suddenly gets very sick, it's touch and go. Bartholomew intercedes for Jordan and is able to exact a miracle to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.478035
Retrieved Text: Instead, anything Dion Jordan gives the team this year is like found money in a seat cushion. Jordan is 11 months into a yearlong banishment after repeated violations of the league’s substance abuse policy.
And he might be one more failed drug test away from being gone for good.
Since entering Stage 3 of the league’s drug program, Jordan has been subject to as many as 10 tests a month, screenings that include alcohol. The results of those tests will play a large role in commissioner Roger Goodell’s decision to reinstate him or not in late April.
Still, the Dolphins are at least open to the idea of having Jordan back in 2016, the Miami Herald has learned. Jordan has a home in Miami, if he proves he wants one, sources say.
That’s assuming Jordan is even allowed to play in 2016. The Dolphins simply don’t know for sure.
That’s why they have been so reluctant to say much of anything about him, either on the record or off. They are barred from direct communication with Jordan during his suspension.
The policy doesn’t prohibit Jordan from speaking with teammates, however, and the Dolphins have an emissary in new linebacker Kiko Alonso, Jordan’s teammate at Oregon.
There are real concerns in league circles that Jordan has not shown the necessary level of commitment to getting his career — and life — back on track. Some believe that Jordan is not close to being in playing shape, despite literally having nothing to do but work out and stay sober since last spring.
People who know Jordan

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.277943
Retrieved Text: Jordan and Blake don’t have an overly romantic or crazy first date story, but it’s their story, which makes it special regardless! Blake reached out to Jordan on Facebook when he found out through a mutual friend that Jordan was single. They’d never met and didn’t know much about each other, but went on their first date in October of 2015. Jordan says she is always fashionably late, and due to some road construction she was late for their date – but Blake didn’t mind, and finds it funny that she is still that way to this day! They went to Iowa River Power Company and talked all night, and it was instant chemistry!
Fast forward to exactly two years later, on October 14th, 2017. Jordan and Blake went to meet his family for a birthday dinner at Iowa River Power Company when Blake’s brother said he was running late. They decided to kill some time and take a walk on the bridge next to the restaurant, when Blake got down on one knee and proposed to Jordan. Even better was that both sets of parents were watching from the window of the restaurant! Jordan was beyond surprised and impressed that she didn’t catch on to him. According to Jordan, it was truly one of the best moments to this date.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.250036
Retrieved Text: CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. - An uncle of the man who killed four Marines and a sailor in Tennessee has been in custody in Jordan since a day after the attacks on two military sites, a lawyer said Tuesday.
Abed al-Kader Ahmad al-Khateeb told The Associated Press that he was barred from seeing his client and that relatives were also prevented from visiting the detainee. Computers and cellphones were taken from the man's home, but he has not been charged with anything, the attorney said.
Al-Khateeb identified his client as Asaad Ibrahim Asaad Haj Ali, a maternal uncle of the Chattanooga attacker, Muhammad Youssef Abdul-azeez.
A Jordanian official said Tuesday that he is sure the uncle and "other relevant people" in Jordan were being questioned, but he would not elaborate and or confirm that the uncle was detained. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the case with the media.
Abdulazeez spent several months in Jordan last year under a mutual agreement with his parents to help him get away from drugs, alcohol and a group of friends they considered to be a bad influence, according to a person close to his family.
Relatives turned to Jordan after their health insurer refused to approve an in-patient treatment program for Abdulazeez's addictions to drugs and alcohol, the person said.
An FBI spokesman has declined to comment on that information.
Abdulazeez stayed with the uncle in Jordan, but only to help him with his small cellphone business, the attorney said. Neither Abdulazeez nor his uncle was religious or belonged to any

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.23498
Retrieved Text: Banados said the quasar provides a unique baby picture of the universe cheap mens jordan 6 unc , when it was just 5 percent of its current age.
It would be like seeing photos of a 50-year-old man when he was 2 12 years old, according to Banados.
Much bigger black holes are out there, but none so far away — at least among those found so far. These larger black holes have had more time to grow in the hearts of galaxies since the Big Bang womens jordan 6 unc for sale , compared with the young one just observed.
Still on the lookout mens jordan 6 unc for sale , astronomers are uncertain how close they'll get to the actual beginning of time, 13.8 billion years ago.
NEW YORK — There was the blind man who had the disastrous experience of regaining his sight. The surgeon who developed a sudden passion for music after being struck by lightning. And most famously, the man who mistook his wife for a hat.
Those stories and many more mens jordan 6 retro unc , taking the reader to the distant ranges of human experience, came from the pen of Dr. Oliver Sacks.
Sacks, 82, died Sunday at his home in New York City, his assistant, Kate Edgar, said. In February womens jordan 6 unc 2017 , he had announced that he was terminally ill with a rare eye cancer that had spread to his liver.
As a practicing neurologist, Sacks looked at some of his patients with a writer's eye and found publishing gold.
In

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.230268
Retrieved Text: Jordan Halane was found unconscious and rushed to the emergency room, where he later died.
A Texas middle school teacher was pronounced dead after committing suicide in his classroom Monday during school hours.
Diddy Says “I’m not gon’ let your voice inside of me stop talking” at Kim Porter ‘s Funeral.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.161306
Retrieved Text: A mother-of-seven has been sentenced to 28 years in prison after reportedly starving her five-year-old stepson, forcing him to wear a nappy, and making him sleep in a wardrobe called the 'Harry Potter room'.
On Friday, Tammi Bleimeyer was found guilty of forcing her stepson, Jordan Bleimeyer, to live in a filthy closet, and starving him in 2014.
The five-year-old allegedly only weighed 13 kilograms, with doctors comparing his state of malnourishment to a Holocaust survivor.
Authorities were alerted about the situation after the victim's 16-year-old stepbrother reported the abuse Jordan was facing by his mother and 24-year-old stepfather. He claimed they were forcing the boy to wear a nappy, and keeping him trapped in a tiny closet under the stairs with no food.
JUSTICE HAS ARRIVED !! MOTHER WHO STARVED HER 5 YEAR OLD STEP SON AND KEPT HIM LOCKED IN A CLOSET UNDER STAIRS WAS FOUND GUILTY TODAY IN COURT!!
Jordan's 33-year-old stepmother, who was six months pregnant at the time, immediately took him from the family home, and refused to return when police showed up.
After tracking Tammi's mobile phone to a local motel, they discovered the child who had various bumps, bruises and was dangerously underweight. Emergency personnel was called, and the child was transported to a Texas Children's Hospital.
Doctors said the five-year-old could have died within days if he had not been rescued.
It is believed that Jordan was living on one slice of bread a day, which would be removed if he didn't eat it fast enough. When guests were over, he was reportedly drugged to keep

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.160738
Retrieved Text: Fools in the hood- Jordan, Tony and Joaquin become thugs in order to attract the girl's attention. Tony Lee- originally one of Jordan's rivals in basketball court but soon they become friends. Fools in the hood- Jordan, Tony and Joaquin become thugs in order to attract the girl's attention. Grandpa's wallet is in panic as Monica wants outfits for her doll The Flu- Grand leaves Jordan in charge of the diner but things go wrong. Pam Lewis- Jordan and Monica's overprotective mother who is divorced and works at their grandfather's diner. Tamika Newsome- Jordan and Tony's crush and Tangie's friend. His mom and dad are divorced, and he and his silly younger sister have come with their mother to their grandfather's diner as Jordan has to work there, deal with his critical cousin, Tangie, and how overprotective his mother is.
But he gets his grill stuck. Grandpa's wallet is in panic as Monica wants outfits for her doll The Flu- Grand leaves Jordan in charge of the diner but things go wrong. She also wished to be richer than Oprah. Monica loves to watch her portable DVD player and eat chips. He tries to be cool and be like a gangster, but often fails to his mom being overprotective of him. Jordan will do anything to impress or make her like him. There have been signs that she has a crush on Tony since she is obsessed with him. Tony Lee- originally one of Jordan's rivals in basketball court but soon they become friends. She also wished

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.04767
Retrieved Text: Sept. 25 (UPI) — A British Columbia man captured video of his uniquely Canadian encounter with a family of bears that responded to his politeness.
Jordan Cote posted a video to Facebook showing what happened when he went outside his Sooke home Sept. 18 and found a mother bear and her two cubs wandering around his yard.
He said the incident began when he heard a tenant’s dog barking outside.
Cote said he took the dog inside and returned moments later to film the bears.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.031313
Retrieved Text: Foster parents of a toddler who was brutally killed after he was returned to his birth mother have made the shock decision to adopt his little sister.
Sam and Juliet Warren fostered two-year-old Jordan Belliveau and spent more than a year with him as part of their family.
But then authorities decided to return him to his birth mother.
Sadly he was murdered by his mother and his body was found in the woods - she later confessed to killing the little boy by hitting him over the head in a moment of frustration.
Jordan's foster parents were understandably devastated by tragic death of the little boy they had treated like a son and loved deeply.
They described little Jordan as being "filled with joy". "He was our ‘Mr. Chuckles,'" Sam Warren said in September 2018 after the 2-year-old's body was found with a fracture to his skull and other injuries in the woods near his home.
At the time of his killing his mother, Charisse Stinson, was pregnant with another baby and gave birth while she was in police custody.
At the time of his foster son's death, Sam Warren told ABC Action News they were devastated by the loss and felt let down by authorities, in Florida USA.
"Jordan was failed by the system," he said. "He was failed by many people who would have protected him, but didn't. Promises that were made to us about how he would be protected after his return were broken."
"We are devastated by his loss, [if not] for a court order, he would still be safe

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.986515
Retrieved Text: Ahmed* rocks one of his sons in his lap as his wife and four other children surround him on a threadbare sofa. He and his family live in a small apartment in Hashimi Shamali in east Amman. A small TV plays softly in the corner, next to a crib for the 5-month-old baby. He speaks with the aid of an artificial larynx after a cancer operation earlier this year provided by the ICMC/ Caritas project.
Ahmed worked as a house painter in Basra before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003. He then worked as a security guard for the United Nations at the Umm Qasr port. He still has his old UN ID badge to show to visitors. His job brought him trouble – insurgents bombed his house as a warning in 2005, destroying one of their rooms.
He quit his job at the UN, the last one he’s had until now. The family moved four times within Basra attempting to avoid the violence, before they finally moved to Baiji in northern Iraq, and then finally to Amman in 2009.
His wife Noor* enthusiastically reports that the three children who are in school are doing well, and that education in Jordan is much better than in Iraq. English classes, however, have been the biggest challenge for the children because English is introduced in school much later in Iraq than in Jordan and therefore her children are lagging behind.
The family doesn’t have relatives in Jordan, and so far they have not built any close relationships with their neighbors. While

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.980751
Retrieved Text: Two teen-agers charged with killing Michael Jordan's father did not say much in court on Monday, but a sheriff described them as childhood buddies who were no strangers to police.
"These guys have been in big trouble," Robeson County Sheriff Hubert Stone said.
Larry Martin Demery, 18, of Rowland and Daniel Andre Green, 18, of Lumberton were ordered held without bail at a brief court appearance on Monday. Another hearing was set for Sept. 3.
"They have been good friends," Stone said of the two teens. "They grew up together in southern Robeson County. They started school together. They've been together day in and day out except when one ... was in prison."
All the pair said during the 22-minute hearing was that they wanted court-appointed attorneys. Demery's eyes welled with tears at one point. Afterward, both hugged their mothers before officers took them away.
Authorities say the two set out on July 23 to rob someone, never imagining their victim would be James Jordan, father of Chicago Bulls basketball star Michael Jordan.
The elder Jordan was shot once in the chest, his body was dumped in a South Carolina creek and his luxury car was abandoned in a secluded spot near Fayetteville. Police said his attackers confronted him after he pulled his car off a highway to rest.
The men realized their victim was Michael Jordan's father about an hour after the slaying when they rummaged through his belongings and found, among other things, the National Basketball Association championship ring Michael Jordan had given to his father, Stone said.
"They couldn't believe it

================



======= Instance Index 25831 =========
Input Text: Context: Ash waited around for their friends.

Question: Why did Ash do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: ash waited half an hour

B: go to the party

C: waited around for their friends

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.169428
Retrieved Text: We have full episodes of Vicious season 1 tv series in high quality (hd). Our links have no ads and are completely SAFE DOWNLOADS, no torrents! Scroll this page to get direct links. Downloading of Vicious (season 1, 2, 3) for mobile, pc, android & Iphone(iOS).
Comedy TV Series Vicious (season 1, 2, 3) was released in 2013-04-29 by Public Broadcasting Service Channel. Serial was created by , directed by . Cast include Derek Jacobi, Ian McKellen, Iwan Rheon, Frances de la Tour, Marcia Warren, Christopher Villiers. The avarenge rating on IMDB: is / 10.
The story continues to tell the story of the great love of Steward and Freddy, who, it seems, in recent years, no longer have any great attraction to each other. Perhaps the thing is that their age has long crossed all conceivable boundaries for this? But be that as it may, they were trying to somehow diversify violet, charming unmarried lady who believes that the main characters are not all lost, however, they do not want to put up with the fact that absolutely no one can understand them. The only one who manages to become a favorite – a young neighbor named ash. But really the Steward and Freddie still have a gunpowder in a powder flask?
Freddieas well as Stuart go buying a brand-new layer for Freddie’s Dr Who follower club occasion. Meanwhile brand-new neighbor Ash consults from Violet as well as Penelope on recovering his ex-girlfriend.
Freddiehas a crucial tryout turning up whilst Ash worries over his very own job instructions. Freddie

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.730183
Retrieved Text: Yes, the dead can dance.
Yes, the dead can sing.
and sing away their grief.
and they eat their fill of plump brown potatoes.
while the shaman plays the bodhrán.
s, you will join us.
and ask me that!" says Melinda.
"Mom's very astute," I say.
"There are no ashes in the book.
Angela's ashes are in T'is."
"You should tell her that!" says Melinda.
just a metaphor for the past."
on a toot!" I say.
My mother is far from ash.
she likes being waited on there.
She waited on us kids and Dad for years.
in the Queen of Heaven Cemetery.
but book lover to the end.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.714476
Retrieved Text: Hour of the Houndour (Japanese: ダークポケモン・デルビル Dark Pokémon - Delvil) is the 150th episode of the Pokémon anime. It was first broadcast in Japan on June 1, 2000 and in the United States on April 14, 2001.
Investigating a string of mysterious thefts, our heroes discover a pack of Houndour, struggling to survive in the wild. In order to help these thieving Pokémon mend their ways, though, Ash and friends will have to first earn their trust.
Misty, Togepi, and Brock set the table for lunch. Eyes are staring out of the bushes as Ash and Pikachu return to their friends with the water. Brock and Misty ask about the bread they had entrusted to Ash, he remarks that it is in his backpack, but when he checks for his bag it seems to have vanished remarkably. Brock then spots several three-toed footprints in the ground and the group decides to follow them.
In a nearby town, Nurse Joy and her Chansey have finished their groceries and decide to get some ice cream from a waiting truck. They set the groceries down on a bench while they order, but the basket has caught the attention of Team Rocket. Wobbuffet pops out of his Poké Ball unannounced, but Jessie quickly recalls him. James soon lowers Meowth down on a fishing pole, and he goes on to steal some ham. The trio runs away just as Nurse Joy finishes her mint chocolate ice cream. The evil trio are excitedly looking at the ham as red eyes appear in the bushes ominously.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.584835
Retrieved Text: Ash's oldest friends are coming back to the Pokemon anime series. A Japanese magazine has revealed that Ash will reunite with Brock and Misty for a two episode arc set in the Kanto region.
According to Serebii.net, Ash will return to his home Kanto region for two episodes that will air in September as part of a school project. After visiting his old Pokemon at Professor Oak's lab, Ash meets up with his old friends Brock and Misty and eventually battles their strongest Pokemon Gyarados and Steelix.
Interestingly, both Brock and Misty have picked up Mega Rings since they last appeared in the anime, as both Steelix and Gyarados now have the ability to mega evolve.
It's hard to believe that the Pokemon anime is bringing back Ash's oldest friends, as they haven't been seen or even really referenced in the anime in years. Misty left Brock and Ash after they finished traveling through the Johto region, while Brock finally parted ways with Ash after journeying through the Sinnoh region.
For a while, the Pokemon anime at least kept tabs on both of Ash's friends. Misty was shown leading the Cerulean City gym in a special side episode that aired back in 2006, while Brock was training to become a Pokemon doctor in the Johto region shortly before the start of Pokemon XY: The Series. However, references to both characters dropped off as the anime seemed to distance itself from Ash's lengthy past adventures.
That doesn't mean the characters were totally forgotten, though. Both characters have appeared in various flashbacks, usually

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.084879
Retrieved Text: Gorrunx ponderously surveyed the interior of the tomb -slowly moving the flaming torch around in a complete circle- before he took another step into the lifeless chamber. He saw nothing glinting amongst the rotting wood and stone. Tall ceramic pots on low pedestals bore the only sign of colour. He stepped closer to prove that only paint adorned the containers: no gems or gilt filigree. Not even the treasure of wisdom in the archaic lettering. Just words of sorrowful adoration.
He backed up towards the tomb entrance and flung his axe at the pots. A puff of dust billowed amongst the clattering sherds. After it had settled Gorrunx approached, sniffing the air. There was no tell-tale scent of ashvile. He had been informed that it was customary amongst the Hoxian people to poison the remains of their dead ones. To keep them sacred from the prying fingers of people like Gorrunx. Although Gorrunx was far from ready to dip his fingers into this ash pile. More direct deterrents were used -other than ashvile-to sanctify ash pots. Fingerstabs; razor snappers; cursed glass shards; the hibernating larvae of the toxic spider jack. Although these pots were old enough that any spider jack larvae would have perished or crawled away to find a mate by now.
He slipped his shiv out and risked the point -rather than his flesh- in the ash. Nothing. He retrieved his axe and smashed the remaining pots in similar careful fashion, before leaving the tomb to its darkness and silence.
Shenn waited for him outside, stripped down

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.92291
Retrieved Text: ​ Leela tromped up Garbage Hill, hunting for rags. The five rags she found yesterday had bought a slice of bread. “Look harder,” Leela told herself.
Hours later, Leela had nothing. Suddenly she spied a blue rag poking from the trash. She pulled it out. The rag was large and smooth. A painted bird spread its wings from edge to edge.
Leela tucked the bird-rag in her pocket. She tromped down Garbage Hill.
Then she slid a sheet of cardboard from behind a rock pile. She set the cardboard next to Alley Road. Lying on the cardboard, she stared at the darkness till she fell asleep.
That night, Leela dreamed she flew. In the dream, she clung to the bird-rag as it lifted her toward the rising sun.
Leela woke before dawn. Hiding her cardboard behind the rocks, she stepped into Alley Road. She grasped a corner of the bird-rag in each hand. She raised her arms. Her bare feet left the dirt.
Above the shacks she soared, past Garbage Hill, beyond the river, toward the sunrise. The horizon gleamed purple, pink, and orange. Leela's eyes felt soft. Her tongue felt sweet.
Then daylight hit, bright white and hot. Leela closed her eyes. The bird-rag turned her in the sky and flew her back.
Leela stuffed the bird-rag in her pocket. Sliding out her cardboard, she hurried to Wrinkled Man. Wrinkled Man begged daily on Alley Road. Leela handed him the cardboard. “Morning,” she said.
The next day, Leela rose early again. Hoisting her bird-rag, she sailed away. Dawn shimmered purple, pink, and orange. When

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.79895
Retrieved Text: This article is about the movie. For the manga, see Giratina and the Sky Warrior (manga).
Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior (Japanese: 劇場版ポケットモンスター　ダイヤモンド＆パール　ギラティナと氷空の花束　シェイミ Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie - Giratina and the Sky's Bouquet: Shaymin) is the eleventh Pokémon movie overall and the second movie of a trilogy during the Diamond & Pearl series that started with The Rise of Darkrai and ended with Arceus and the Jewel of Life. It premiered in Japan on July 19, 2008. It first aired in the US on February 13, 2009, and the DVD was released on March 31. It premiered in the United Kingdom on Jetix on May 23, 2009. The movie ties in heavily with the then-unreleased Pokémon Platinum, with Jetix's airing broadcast the day after the game's release.
Soon after Ash and his friends agree to assist Shaymin, they're dragged into the Reverse World and meet Newton Graceland, who's been researching the mysterious realm. Little do they know that Newtown's former assistant, Zero, seeks to harness Giratina's power to rule the Reserve World, even if that means destroying the real world!
The Pokémon world is shown, as the camera zooms in on what looks like a graph of the inside of a computer chip, with Pokémon moving around inside and some scenes from earlier movies. In the sky, a lot of bird Pokémon and Lugia are flying around. Underwater, a lot of Water-type Pokémon are swimming around, along with Kyogre. On the mountainside, several Pokémon are relaxing. Some Seedot are hanging out of a tree in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.514683
Retrieved Text: A couple of weeks ago we were sent a copy of Pokémon the Movie: Black to review. Mister A couldn't wait to get it in the DVD player and he's been forever asking for it since. To be honest it was a welcome break from Ben 10 so that in itself gets it a good review from me!
As you know Mister A is 5 years old and this went down really well - he is a massive Ben 10 fan and rarely takes a break to watch/play/do anything else. Luckily he gave the Pokemon Black Movie a go and he is now a big fan.
"Pokemon Black is so cool, it's my new favourite. It's really, really good. My favourite bits are when Victini gives Ash power to jump and when Damon uses Victini's power."
"Ooooh, d'you know what mummy? I also liked it when the pillars of protection went around Ash Victini and Picachu. Put that on your blog!"
So I have! I think it's a big thumbs up here!
Ash, Pikachu and friends embark on a new adventure in the feature length films, Pokémon The Movie: Black—Victini and Reshiram and Pokémon The Movie: White—Victini and Zekrom -launching at retail stores nationwide on 9th April 2012 as a special double pack DVD.
When Ash and his friends enter a battle competition in Eindoak Town, they meet the Mythical Pokémon Victini, who becomes their newest friend. Disaster strikes when the misguided wanderer Damon seizes Victini for his own plans!
Can Ash prove himself a hero and earn the help of the Legendary

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.345339
Retrieved Text: Summary for This Means War!: Ash and company have all completed their journeys on their own. Now they have to face many new challenges, such as a boys versus girls war in high school!
Summary for Fighting Back: Three years after Ash becomes pokemon master, Team Rocket takes over most of Kanto and all of Johto. Ash and Gary, who are now friends again, are left with the job of defeating Team Rocket. Old friends come back, reminding Ash of his past and just making the situation even harder for him.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.124905
Retrieved Text: Special thanks to Superfeet for sponsoring this post.
A couple weeks back, I headed out to Little Rock, AR to visit friends. Normally I drive this, but this time I decided to fly. So, you know I needed some great shoes that were going to get me through security with no hassles, but were also comfortable. The Ash FX from Superfeet were the perfect choice for this trip.
The Ash FX is a cute shoe that’s a perfect cross between a sneaker and a bootie. It’s more booth than athletic shoe, but still has some serious high-top inspiration. And the Wild Dove color is a great shade for spring. They’re a very light grey shade and oh so pretty. They’re neutral enough to go with just about anything you want to wear.
Now, I’ve told you about Superfeet and how comfortable their shoes are a couple times. The Olympia Boots are in regular rotation In my wardrobe, and they have a pair of loafers that I am living in! So I was pretty sure that these booties weren’t gonna let me down.
Superfeet takes a scientific approach to designing their shoes. They start with using research paired with a specially designed 3D printing process to perfect their insoles. Their insoles are ergonomically designed to cradle your feet, and recreate the walking motion. This, in turn, helps relieve a lot of the fatigue that you may experience. It also helps lead to that feeling that your shoes are already broken in.
This was perfect for the long weekend. I was actually headed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.058853
Retrieved Text: While strolling around the streets at Shibuya-ku, Ash again craved for crepes and we waited outside because we didn't want to have crepes. Jane and I were trying to find a good coffee place but it seemed like most of the people we met in Tokyo doesn't drink specialty coffee. Ended up we went into Partyland and get froyo crepes. It wasn't the best dessert, but it wasn't the worst. But you all must at least eat once when you come Japan. I believe there are many good cafes making super yummy crepes, so till the next trip I'll find them out and share with you guys. Pink promise.
Besides Tokyo food 101, I've a great news to share with you guys. My old friend, Joe Chia has officially launched its Chapter 4 - In the Name of Liberty. You can check out Joe Chia's FW14 lookbook here. For purchase enquiries, please email info@joechia.com or visit their pop-up store, Thisappear located at 20/2 Jalan Telawi 3, Bangsar Baru (opposite Alexis).
My top 5 picks from this collection. Can't wait for JoeChia02 which will have more designs for womenswear!!!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.053616
Retrieved Text: If anyone else had asked for his help publishing a naughty novel, Ash would have had the sense to say no. But he’s never been able to deny Verity Plum. Now he has his hands full illustrating a book and trying his damnedest not to fall in love with his best friend. The last thing he needs is to discover he’s a duke’s lost heir. Without a family or a proper education, he’s had to fight for his place in the world, and the idea of it—and Verity—being taken away from him chills him to the bone.
All Verity wants is to keep her brother out of prison, her business afloat, and her hands off Ash. Lately it seems she’s not getting anything she wants. She knows from bitter experience that she isn’t cut out for romance, but the more time she spends with Ash, the more she wonders if maybe she’s been wrong about herself.
Ash has a month before his identity is exposed, and he plans to spend it with Verity. As they explore their long-buried passion, it becomes harder for Ash to face the music. Can Verity accept who Ash must become or will he turn away the only woman he’s ever loved?
Another strong leading lady by Cat Sebastian! To say I am in love with Verity is an understatement. She is strong, self-aware, independent, and witty- everything I love in a heroine. Ash is the hero of my dreams. His sense of personal honor and duty endeared him to my heart. The dynamic of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.971283
Retrieved Text: I’m fascinated by the culture that has been built up around Bonnaroo. It’s not just a festival, an event, a place. It’s a sense of community. An identity. An escape. A self-contained culture.
Zaki waited in line over an hour for this. I showed up just in time to order! Note my “coconut ash” flavor — paired beautifully with green tea pistachio!
On Sunday, May 7, I slept five hours, drove five hours, rode in a shuttle van two hours, then hiked eight miles. It was a great day.
how much brunch does a half-marathon earn you?
Last weekend was a whirlwind of activity. It started on Friday at 6am as I began the 2.5h drive to economist Arthur Laffer’s farmhouse in eastern Kentucky. As I drove through unincorporated towns with names like Marrowbone, Summer Shade and Tinsley’s Bottom, I was entranced by the rolling green fields speckled with brown cows and red barns, as well as the dark, furrowed clouds overhead.
In January, my 21-year-old sister asked if I could introduce her to any of my friends living in San Francisco. She wants to spend her summer interning there, and thought it would be helpful to speak with people already working there. One of the introduction emails I sent was to an old friend whom I met through my college scholarship program, someone who actually hosted me at UNC during the scholarship finalist weekend in my senior year of high school. One thing this friend and I had quickly found out that we had in common was we had both

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.889917
Retrieved Text: Tam took a moment to just lean on Lithway, taking a few deep breaths until the world became something reasonable again.
I can do this, he told himself.
Lithway was waiting, patient; Tam had feared briefly that they might be annoyed with his uncertainty, but they didn’t seem to be. But then, they hosted amateur performers at the Theatre of Dreams all the time. They must be very used to stage fright.
Tam headed around the side of the building, trying to keep out of sight of any external windows. As Sahil’s intel had indicated, there was a ground-floor window there. It was latched shut from the inside, to keep the frame from sliding.
“Please do,” Tam said. He ducked down, searching in the bushes until he saw a patch of light fur. “Okay, both of you, if we end up having to run, let’s meet up at…” He considered, then named a spot about three blocks from Rainier’s hideaway. It would be far enough away to be safe while they debriefed, without causing problems by having Sahil there, but close enough for him to take Ash to Rainier’s right after.
The patch of fur bobbed, and Lithway too nodded, so Tam rose with an exhalation and the two of them headed back to the front—then around the other side so Lithway could transform without being seen by Sahil or any passersby.
Once again, Lithway’s smoke bled into color and insubstantiality into the firmness of flesh, shuddering as the new form settled around them. The person they changed into appeared to be

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.80946
Retrieved Text: Debut Team Rocket's Shocking Recruit!
This unnamed island is the sixteenth island that Ash and his friends visited during their travels through the Decolore Islands. It was featured in Team Rocket's Shocking Recruit!.
Alexa had problems with her camcorder when the group first arrived and temporarily left to get it fixed. Ash and his friends later relaxed on the island and let out their Pokémon to join them. After Pignite got into a fight with Oshawott, Emolga ended up getting angry at Oshawott for bumping into her and Discharged him. She went into another place to enjoy her food, but Scraggy arrived and Emolga did the same to him as she did to Oshawott when he bothered her.
After receiving some scoldings from Iris for her behavior, Emolga flew off and ended up where Team Rocket were. She single-handedly defeated their Pokémon and the trio got Emolga to join them. The trio and Emolga arrived to where Ash and his friends were. Emolga got into a fight with Snivy and accidentally woke up an Exploud sleeping in a cave located on the island. It became angry at Ash and his friends and attacked them with Flamethrower, Thunder Punch, and Hyper Beam. Luckily for them, they were not hit by any of Exploud's attacks.
Team Rocket listened to on Emolga's conversation with Axew and found out that Emolga was pretending to join Team Rocket. Angry at Emolga for betraying them, the trio went to the cave that Exploud was sleeping in and captured it inside a mecha of theirs. Team Rocket

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.767012
Retrieved Text: Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding Lapras towards Kumquat Island, the home of the fourth Orange Crew badge. Tracey tells the others about the luxury hotels and hot springs on the island. Misty makes a crack about if Ash loses, they'll be in a nice place, and Ash is hurt. They get to the shore and listen to all the barkers on the pier, trying to get tourists to come to their hotels. One woman out yells them all, proclaiming that the Kumquat Hotel is the best. Misty wants to check it out, but Ash wants to go to the gym. Tracey suggests that they go down to the beach for a hot dog, and they do. Just as they walk down the steps, the woman from the Kumquat Hotel notices them and seems to Ash is her son. As Ash and his friends walk to a stand, they here a loud rumbling. They look over to a large cloud of dust and see the woman, Luana, running towards them yelling out for her son (Mama Wamma, hehe!). She embraces Ash in a big bear hug. Ash pushes her away, saying that he's not her son. It takes her a moment, but she realizes that this is true, Ash isn't her son (whose name is Travis, by the way). She apologizes, blaming wishful thinking. She says that Ash looks just like Travis, and they both have a Pikachu even.
Suddenly, a scream pierces the air. More screams sound as a giant Rhydon robot looms out of the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.666695
Retrieved Text: Seeing that Ash just can’t get enough battling, a trainer who loses to him suggests as she leaves that he give a local Pokémon battle park a try. She explains that this facility is set up like an amusement park, but with all the attractions built around Pokémon battling. Ash and friends set off enthusiastically toward the park, but get there after Jessie, James, and Meowth, who find the park to be closed for repairs. Always prepared to make the worst of a bad situation, Team Rocket entrench themselves in the park and wait for Ash, plotting to use the park’s Pokémon to battle and capture Ash’s Pikachu. Ash will have to battle hard: his opponents include Blastoise, Venusaur, and Charizard.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.65805
Retrieved Text: Last year, word got around the online #deathpositive community of a new Kickstarter called Morbid Curiosity. It’s a card game in the same vein as Apples to Apples and Cards Against Humanity. Friends sit around a table and take turns turning over the top card from either a pile of white cards or a pile of black cards. In Kimberley Mead’s game, black cards are trivia, featuring questions like, “Who first penned ‘dead as a doornail’?” The person with the right answer wins the question card as a point, one of seven. The white cards, though, are personal, intimate, and may require deeper thinking. Players who win the white cards as points are those with the most interesting answers.
Excited to include something else death-related into my life, I immediately backed the Kickstarter. $26 for card game is no big deal for me. And then, as with all Kickstarters I back, I promptly forgot about it until I got the email asking for my mailing address. I forgot about it after then, too.
Fast-forward to March of this year. Photos of the game started popping up on social media, especially Instagram. I had an “oh yeah” moment and waited for my package to arrive in my mailbox. All of a sudden, I knew what to do with the game. I daydreamed about hosting a small group of my friends at home, all of us seated around my dining room table, drinking from steaming cups of tea and eating pastries while talking about death. I imagined something like a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.594524
Retrieved Text: As the episode begins, Ash and friends are out behind the local Pokemon Center, preparing for their next challenges. Ash is training for the Battle Palace, and May is training with Eevee for her upcoming Contest. May calls for a Shadow Ball, and Eevee shows off its new move. Meanwhile, Brock is bottle-feeding Bonsly as he and Max watch their friends train and comment on how excited they are. Now Ash has his Pokemon practice their attacks. Donphan's Rollout smashes through a boulder. Corphish's Bubblebeam splits the flying rocks from the smashed boulder into smaller pieces. Swellow practices its Quick Attack, and Sceptile attempts a Bullet Seed, but fails! Sceptile is both astonished and angry at itself for still not being able to attack.
Sceptile continues to try and fail, and falls to its knees in despair. Ash's other Pokemon attempt to comfort it, as do Ash and Pikachu, but their attempts don't seem to have any effect. Sceptile suddenly gets up and runs off into the woods in anguish. Ash and Pikachu immediately run off after it, while the other Pokemon and humans are worried about Sceptile. Brock comments that maybe the best thing for Sceptile would be for it to have some time alone with Ash and reestablish their bond. Ahead, Sceptile continues to run on, blindly, then reaches a tree and begins beating its head against it. After several hits, it backs up in pain, and drops to its hands and knees in despair. Ash then catches up, and tries again to encourage Sceptile.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.590437
Retrieved Text: they made our young lives hell.
as they went about their tasks?
our young hearts so afraid.
and jammed tree branches in the doors.
Oh, what a jolly jest.
when those inside rushed at the door.
that we would never, ever, tell.
as the garish wagons burned.
as one by one we turned.
in a three ring circus of the night.
The children stopped their crying.
As we waited for them to die.
just more ash in the rubble.
to come around and call.
where years ago we ran.
i dread and fear the most.
and winter, soon, will rise.
and many years of lies.
the acrid scent of burning hair.
and I will step inside.
"I would never have thought it" section of the unsuspected.
A picture very well painted. Beyond a festive poem Ian, this is a poetic tour into terror - not horror. You could feel the creeping intensity building up until not only did it not blow over, but it kept its build-up until the end.
a somewhat Ted Bundy-like conclusion to what has been for me a great ( though teetering on the spooky ) up and down carousel ride of good memories and murky ones mooching in the shadows-ooer Ian!
we need to be further entertained!
Best Halowe'en poem so far Ian!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.571915
Retrieved Text: Have you ever made something from scratch?
And then been able to give that object to someone else?
Ash dresses her friends by Fu Wenzheng is a wonderful story about friendship, sharing, kindness and the beauty of being able to make things yourself.
Ash is a shy little bird and she doesn’t have many friends until she starts to use her wonderful gift – her ability to create clothing and objects from a beautiful piece of red material.
Ash creates many things including a shirt, arm chair cover, a dress and a scarf! She spreads her ability and love all over the neighbourhood and brings joy to so many through the simple act of kindness.
Ash could have kept the red material all to herself and made so many wonderful things from it but she chose to share and make other animals lives happier.
Ash dresses her friends is a wonderful story about how we can be kind to others, how we can share our gifts to make others happy and how we can make things on our own.
Many of us resort to the shops to buy things for friends – perhaps this book will inspire you to make something of your own next time a friend needs a present, a pick me up or just a reminder of how important they are in your life.
The illustrations really highlight the friendships being developed, the happiness each gift brings and the vibrancy of the material Ash uses in each creation.
I loved the red material Ash used and hopefully one day I might just

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.458427
Retrieved Text: Written by Sam Raimi and Ivan Raimi.
Starring Bruce Campbell, Embeth Davidtz, Marcus Gilbert, Ian Abercrombie, Richard Grove and Ted Raimi with a camero by Bridget Fonda.
Music by Joseph LoDuca and Danny Elfman.
ARMY OF DARKNESS is the third chapter in the EVIL DEAD series of films. The movie picks up almost exactly from the ending of EVIL DEAD 2, whith our poor hero Ash stuck back in time ... around 1300 A.D. to be exact! He has a run in with King Arthur who first suspects Ash as an enemy but soon the king and his people put their trust in Ash to become their hero. Ash must seek out THE BOOK OF THE DEAD which will save all and allow Ash to go back to the future. As usual, Ash screws things up and must fight his evil counterpart and a legion of undead monsters in an attempt to not only save himself but also his newfound friends and lover, Sheila. In the end, all seems well ... or is it?
ARMY OF DARKNESS is currently available on DVD video in three different versions. The first version is the UNIVERSAL STUDIO release and we call that the STANDARD WIDESCREEN VERSION. This is the same version that was seen in theatres. The quality is good, but not great, and this release offers almost no extras, other than the original theatrical trailer. The film is in the widescreen ratio of approximately 1.85:1 which seems a bit too much (the film was really shot at an aspect ratio of approximately

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.434723
Retrieved Text: This unique ash vacuum by Beldray is ideal for cleaning up ash after using your fireplace, barbeque, Aga and more. No longer will you need to struggle with a dustpan and brush, with fantastic suction at 17 kPa this vacuum does all of the work for you, without creating messy and harmful ash clouds in your home. Suitable for ash below the temperature of 40 degrees, the vacuum container has a generous capacity of 20 litres, with a smart HEPA filtration system which is wonderfully easy to clean.
For hassle-free clean up after using your barbeque, fireplace, solid fuel stove and more, simply use this 20 litre Beldray ash vacuum.
With a 2 metre flexible hose for further reach, the vacuum will eliminate ash from even the smallest corners of your home appliances.
Featuring a convenient carry handle and 2.8 metre power cable, you can effortlessly move the vacuum around your home and garden.
The vacuum has a washable HEPA filter and metal mesh cover for hygienic and safe ash storage, which is ideal for allergy sufferers.
Perfect for quick clean up after enjoying a lovely evening by the fireplace or sharing a delicious barbeque with friends and family.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.421244
Retrieved Text: ← XY036 : Battles in the Sky!
Reflection Cave! Mirror World Satoshi and Satoshi!?
The Cave of Mirrors! (Japanese: うつしみの洞窟！鏡の国のサトシとサトシ！？ Reflection Cave! Mirror World Satoshi and Satoshi!?) is the 37th episode of the XY series, and the 836th episode of the Pokémon anime. It first aired in Japan on July 31, 2014 and in the United States on September 27, 2014.
While our heroes are exploring Reflection Cave, named for its mirrorlike crystal walls, Ash's own reflection pulls Pikachu through one of the mirrors! Ash leaps after it and finds himself in another world, with a Clemont, Bonnie, and Serena very different from the ones he knows.
After our Ash helps Mirror Ash drive off Team Rocket and reclaim his own Pikachu, Mirror Clemont tells him of a frightening legend—people who pass through one of the mirrors in Reflection Cave must return to their own world before sunset or risk being stuck on the wrong side of the mirror forever! Ash hurries back to the mirror he first stepped through, where his friends are waiting on the other side, and all of them focus on reuniting with each other.
Thanks to the strong bonds of friendship, Ash and Pikachu are pulled back to their own world just in time!
As Ash and his friends make their way to Shalour City, Serena and Bonnie rush off to a cave, but when Clemont asks what is so special about the cave, Serena says that they will have to wait until they get inside to find out. Once everyone is inside the cave, they all

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.328075
Retrieved Text: High school friends Sam Raimi, Bruce Campbell, and Rob Tapert teamed up to make several short films in the late 60s and early 70s.
Those of you who are just discovering the Starz series Ash vs Evil Dead may be unaware how long the show has been in the making. So travel with me if you will, back in time to see a young group of hungry filmmakers who would stop at nothing to make their dream come true. Something today's generation needs a hard lesson in, am I right, Ash?
High school friends #Sam Raimi, #Bruce Campbell and Rob Tapert teamed up to make several short films on their 16mm camcorders back in the late '60s and early '70s. They all realized that the only way to break into the industry was to use their collective skills and get a film together themselves. This would become the horror classic we all know and love called The #Evil Dead, but to raise the finances for a full feature they decided to make a tester to show the backers. This would explore some of the themes and jump scares that would be evident in their full feature film, thus Within The Woods was born.
The plot revolves around a bunch of teens going to a cabin for the weekend (sound familiar?), they come across an ancient Indian burial ground and as Campbell (pictured above) gets possessed, the trip turns into a fight for survival. The short is a 30-minute showcase of horror staples and Raimi's unique, stylish approach to film.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.30592
Retrieved Text: 13x13 (638) An Elite Coverup!
On the way to the Grand Festival at Lake Valor, Ash and friends arrive in a small town and run into a young boy who left his Magby at what was apparently a fake Daycare Center. As a result, it was stolen, so Ash and friends decide to help. After they begin their search for Magby, they encounter a woman who introduces herself as Bertha, and who also seems to know how to find Magby. While Ash and Dawn don't see it themselves, Brock realizes who Bertha is. What is Bertha's secret?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.269642
Retrieved Text: ← XY064 : Battling with Elegance and a Big Smile!
Kameil and Raichu Appear! Good Luck Numeil!!
Good Friends, Great Training! (Japanese: カメール、ライチュウ登場！ヌメイルがんばる！！ Kameil and Raichu Appear! Good Luck Numeil!!) is the 65th episode of the XY series, and the 864th episode of the Pokémon anime. It first aired in Japan on March 26, 2015 and in the United States on May 30, 2015.
On the way to meet Clemont in Lumiose City, our heroes run into their friend Tierno from summer camp! A Team Rocket robot quickly interrupts the happy reunion when it grabs Ash’s Sliggoo and Tierno’s Raichu and Wartortle, and then carts them back to the villains. But Jessie is annoyed that their “Automatic Pikachu Catcher” malfunctioned and sends it flying, allowing the Pokémon to escape.
When Team Rocket comes after Pikachu again, Sliggoo bravely steps up to protect it. When their robot explodes and starts a fire, Sliggoo evolves into Goodra to put out the flames with a powerful Rain Dance before sending the villains blasting off again!
Finally, Ash and Tierno get to have the Double Battle they’ve been planning. Raichu and Wartortle are formidable opponents, but the team of Pikachu and Goodra proves too much for them, and Ash wins! Tierno wishes Ash luck in his upcoming Gym battle and heads off to continue his own journey, and our heroes finally have Lumiose City within their sights!
Ash, Serena, and Bonnie are talking to Clemont via video phone, and Clemont introduces to them his newest invention: a machine that detects dirt and the like and automatically

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.261267
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, D.C. – November 17, 2016 – One person dies every six seconds from a tobacco-related disease. We have the power to change that, to save those friends and family members from vanishing out of our lives. Instead of losing people, we should make tobacco products vanish.
Watch the latest video from Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) which depicts our current reality of losing friends and family members to tobacco-related diseases. The video then changes to show an alternative; a future we can build where tobacco products vanish instead of loved ones.
Tobacco products are the only consumer products that kill when used exactly as their manufacturers intend. They don’t require overuse or misuse, which makes their availability and existence a public health epidemic.
Building a truly tobacco-free world is completely possibly with progressive policy changes. Across the U.S., cities and states have begun increasing the age to purchase tobacco products to 21, including ASH’s hometown of Washington, DC. This is a major step toward protecting vulnerable populations and our youth from becoming addicted to nicotine, a substance more addictive than alcohol, heroin, or cocaine.
Raising the age to purchase tobacco products is an important step. However, there is much more to be done. We need to increase tobacco taxes, implement better warning labels, increase public education around tobacco, and hold the tobacco industry accountable.
“For 50 years, ASH has sought to end the worldwide damage, disease, and death caused by tobacco products. We’ve fought to remove cigarette commercials on TV and radio, for smoke-free air ordinances, for a strong

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.2137
Retrieved Text: Today the Road Ahead have been working hard delivering a training session around “Friendship.” Our trainers for today were Laura and Ash.
People found this week really hard. People really struggled to think of why they are a good friend and what is good about themselves, it was great that the rest of the group were able to point out people’s shining qualities and help each other. Some people also struggled with saying who their friends were and didn’t feel that they had real friends in their lives.
The group continue to work hard and support each other and our trainers are proving to be confident enough to challenge the group in a respectful way. Can’t wait for next week!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.204298
Retrieved Text: This article is about the movies that are part of the Pokémon anime. For movies that exist in the Pokémon world, see Movies in the Pokémon world.
A Pokémon movie (Japanese: ポケモン・ザ・ムービー Pokémon the Movie) is a theatrical film released in Japan in July, centering on Pokémon and following, as the main anime series, Ash and his friends. Typically, the movies' animation is done by Team Koitabashi of OLM, and each has at least one hour of footage. Nine of the movies also have a Pikachu short that is shown before the main feature, and all of them have a manga adaptation.
The locations in which the movies take place have been, since Pokémon Heroes: Latios & Latias, based on real-world locations outside of Japan. Topics explored are typically deeper than those explored in the episodes aired on television, usually featuring Ash and his friends confronting antagonists who wish to use Pokémon for selfish purposes. Nearly every movie involves Legendary Pokémon, and many of them debut a Mythical Pokémon belonging to the ongoing generation of the main series games, with event distributions for certain Pokémon featuring in the movie running concurrently.
When they open in Japan, they usually gross a large amount of money, typically ranking first for their premiere weekend. In 2008, Giratina and the Sky Warrior drew in a significant crowd despite the fact that it was released in the same weekend as the Studio Ghibli film Ponyo. In the United States, only the first five movies, those associated with the original series, received wide theatrical releases,

================



======= Instance Index 22677 =========
Input Text: Context: Excellent presents were given to Addison.

Question: How would Addison feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Adddison wouldn't care that they got gifts

B: felt like they were loved

C: would be mad that they got gifts

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.188358
Retrieved Text: Happy Easter to all. Holbein watercolor on a Strathmore watercolor card.
A painted Easter Card for dear friends of beautiful Jonquils. The flowers were given to us yesterday by Helen Addison of the Addison Gallery in Orleans, MA. Happy Easter everyone. Daniel Smith Watercolors on a blank Strathmore greeting card.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.909935
Retrieved Text: In addition to being the right size and shape for your child, it also has to be durable. Let's face it; kids often don't know how to be delicate, and can be rough in furniture just because they're normally rambunctious. So the furniture you choose, such as your kids chair, or kids table and seats, needs to be able to stand up to uneven or dimpled skin treatment and lots of loving make use of. Color is important too, playing with this case, you can let your children's creativity and tastes consider in. After all, what's better as a child than to have a youngsters chair just for you, within your favorite color and just your size? That's one way to generate a child feel really specialized.
Yamsixteen - Addison loves his jumper seat!!! youtube. Here is a home video of addison when he was 6 month's old having a lot of fun in his baby jumper!. Sassy seat doorway jumper, 5 toys review youtube. Household sharing included live tv from 60 channels no cable box required cancel anytime. Watch family guy online youtube tv free trial. Start a free trial to watch family guy on youtube tv and cancel anytime stream live tv from abc, cbs, fox, nbc, espn & popular cable networks cloud dvr with no storage limits 6 accounts per household included. North texas skydiver knocked unconscious in midair. A skydiver collided with another in midair and landed unconscious at a grayson county skydiving facility saturday the skydivers, whom the facility said were licensed

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.352444
Retrieved Text: The Employment Appeal Tribunal (the EAT) has upheld a previous Employment Tribunal decision that Addison Lee drivers are not self-employed and should therefore be paid the national minimum wage (NMW), in a major blow to the taxi/courier company.
This is just the latest in a long line of similar rulings against companies (including Uber and Hermes), which are part of the so-called ‘gig economy’ (please see our previous blog post: A further nail in the coffin of the gig economy).
Traditionally gig economy companies, such as Addison Lee, have maintained their drivers are self-employed (because they can, for example, choose their own hours) and therefore do not qualify for basic rights afforded to traditional employees or ‘workers’, such as NMW and holiday pay. Companies that employ such practices are now under further pressure.
In its judgment, the EAT highlighted the “unrealistic terms and conditions” that Addison Lee drivers were obliged to sign up to which did not reflect the “true nature” of the relationship, rejecting the company’s arguments that the drivers were in essence running their own businesses.
The claim against Addison Lee was brought by three individual drivers who are now, subject to any further appeal, entitled to compensation.
The thousands of other drivers working for Addison Lee are not automatically entitled to compensation. However, given the body of recent case law, there is a chance that further successful claims may follow and Addison Lee practices will have to change.
Addison Lee has not confirmed if they will appeal against this ruling of the EAT. They will likely wait for the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.339447
Retrieved Text: Dallas/Addison Marriott Quorum by the Galleria is rated 4.6 out of 5 by 703.
Rated 5 out of 5 by KCraig from Great stay! We stayed for a wedding and they were able to check us in early to be ready in time for the bus to leave!
Rated 1 out of 5 by SLowry from Poor check in service Even with conformation paper in hand had given room away. Poor manager service to resolve issue.
Rated 5 out of 5 by MandyC from Excellent customer service This hotel really goes above and beyond. We did the American Girl package and my daughter said it was the best day ever. From the American Girl goodies, to the cookies and milk, the towel animal, the chocolate dipped strawberries, free Starbucks drinks, they really made us feel special. We can&apos;t wait to go back again!!!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Always outstanding This property is my favorite - hotels are only as good as the staff, and this one stands above the rest!
Rated 5 out of 5 by GCSYFleming from GCS YFleming My stay was wonderful, the entire staff was great and the turtle cake brownie is so delicious. yum yum - definately a must have for anyone who love sweets.
Rated 5 out of 5 by MonicaR from Beautiful Hotel Very nice hotel. Updated rooms & bathroom. Great location with nearby restaurants & shopping.
Rated 5 out of 5 by JammieWalker from Leadership Site management Dallas/Addison Marriott Quorum hotel is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.315329
Retrieved Text: Road map from Brooklin to Addison.
Brooklin Addison road map is an important to complete our driving and travel plan. Our Brooklin to Addison route map consist of hotels, tourist places, en route places, highway numbers and surrounding places. Brooklin to Addison route is marked in blue color, the starting point is marked with the lable A and destination points marked with lable B.
driving direction from Brooklin to Addison is from google map, direction shows with three marks those are left turn, right turn and forward symbol. Our road map may be common for bus, cycle, walk and other motor vehicle. Google direction shows the distance for each and every part of the journey from Brooklin.
The travel duration from Brooklin to Addison has been given at the top of the driving direction. It is a approximate travel time between Brooklin to Addison. The given travel time may vary due various factor. ex. vehicle consistant speed, highway, bus timings (day time or night time) and train timings.
You may be interested to vist the following road map from Brooklin.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.215279
Retrieved Text: You are able to count on Carpet Repair Team to deliver the very best products and services when it comes to Carpet Repair in Addison, IL. Our crew of highly skilled contractors can offer the services that you require with the most sophisticated technology available. We make certain that you receive the most excellent services, the right price tag, and the finest products. Contact us at 800-807-1247 to get going.
You will have a spending budget to adhere to, and you intend to lower your expenses. On top of that, you should have the best and finest quality of work for Carpet Repair in Addison, IL. We are going to make sure that our money conserving initiatives don't translate to a decreased standard of excellence. Our mission is to ensure that you receive the highest quality products and a end result that holds up over time. This is achievable given that we know the way to save time and funds on materials and work. Save your time and cash through calling Carpet Repair Team today. Dial 800-807-1247 to talk to our customer care reps, now.
To make the best choices regarding Carpet Repairs in Addison, IL, you should be informed. You should not go in without knowing it properly, and it is best to learn what to anticipate. You won't face any sort of unexpected surprises when you use Carpet Repair Team. You can start by talking about your job with our client service staff when you dial 800-807-1247. We'll reply to your concerns and questions and set

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.189056
Retrieved Text: Addison sits at the crest of northern Dallas. The town, which has grown substantially since the 1980s, offers excellent municipal services and outstanding parks and recreation programs. Addison is well-known for it special events, which take place approximately 30 weekends of the year and include such popular events as the North Texas Jazz Fest, Oktoberfest and Taste Addison. Addison Circle Park , built in the early 2000s, is the venue for many outdoor events and concerts. The town is well-known for hosting Kaboom Town!, one of the largest 4th of July fireworks shows in the United States. Addison is also home to more than 170 restaurants and Addison Airport is the nation’s third-largest general aviation airport. Residents enjoy exceptional shopping at the Galleria Dallas and Village on the Parkway. Addison is approximately 20 minutes north of downtown Dallas, and offers easy access to major highways within the city.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.072205
Retrieved Text: While Maroon 5's Sacramento performance was a sugar-sweet night for all, the band made sure to make it an extra memorable experience for a special fan in attendance.
Ten-year-old Addison Crory was diagnosed with leukemia earlier this year. While the Roseville native spends many days as a patient, she got to enjoy Saturday night as a normal kid.
After catching the attention of an ambulance company on social media, Addison was given tickets for her and a few friends to see Maroon 5 right here at Golden 1 Center. She decided to invite her friend Melanie, a 13-year-old battling kidney cancer and receiving treatment at the same hospital as Addison. "She deserves to have fun too," Addison told Fox40.
On the night before the show, Brandy Salazar, a family friend of the Crory's, began sharing videos on social media, in attempt to make the little girls' night even more special.
Overnight, magic happened. Addison and her friends were going to meet Adam Levine.
The excitement didn't stop there. As the show neared its end, Adam made sure to dedicate his breakout ballad "She Will Be Loved" to his new friend, Addison.
.@adamlevine dedicated ‘She Will Be Loved’ to Addison at Saturday’s @maroon5 concert at the @Golden1Center.
Addison's mother, Chris Crory, explained to Fox40 that her daughter has had "such a hard time," but Saturday, as she awaited to see Adam, "she was so excited and full of life."
“At the worst, most horrible, hard, difficult time of our life," she continued, "to have something like this happen and people we don't even know come

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.89572
Retrieved Text: Lewis, H.W. (1997). Why Flip a Coin? John Wiley & Sons.
Lots of illustrations of how thinking in a statistical way can help you make decisions. Applications include voting, gambling, war, and the stock market. A very enjoyable read.
Mlodinow, Leonard. (2008). The Drunkard’s Walk: How Randomness Rules Our Lives . Pantheon.
If you’re like most people, your intuitions about anything having to do with probability are usually wrong. Without using formulas, Mlodinow gets you to think more clearly about probability, with zillions of real-world examples from all areas of everyday life.
Malkiel, Burton G. (2003). A Random Walk down Wall Street. W.W. Norton & Company.
Malkiel has done exhaustive statistical analysis of the stock market, to help you make wise decisions. He doesn’t just tell you what to do, he shows you the statistical evidence and explains what the statistics mean.
You’ll probably find a later edition; Malkiel updates the book every couple of years.
Vickers, Andrew (2010). What Is a p-Value Anyway? 34 Stories to Help You Actually Understand Statistics . Addison-Wesley.
Statistics really is stories, and these stories are short and fun, but each with a point behind it. Stats can seem like a bunch of formulas, but really it’s about learning to think logically, and Vickers does a great job of leading you to that way of thinking.
Dewdney, A.K. (1993). 200% of Nothing . John Wiley & Sons.
An excellent and highly readable tour through probability. Dewdney presents lots of situations, many from advertising, and helps you see how to use statistical thinking (educated common sense, really) to avoid being taken

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.745636
Retrieved Text: The Crown's star witness in the Rae Portman murder trial has described watching a man strangle the Hamilton woman with a strop.
The pregnant 33-year-old went missing in June 2012 and her body was found at a South Auckland farm in September that year.
Paraire Te Awa is on trial at the High Court in Auckland and denies charges of kidnapping and murdering Ms Portman before dumping her body down a pit on the farm.
Dean Addison is also accused of kidnapping and faces drugs charges. He denies the charges.
The Crown says Rae Portman was kidnapped and murdered after a drug deal went sour.
Lee Rigby is serving a prison sentence for kidnapping Ms Portman and used to work for Mr Addison in his workshop.
On Wednesday, he told the court that he feared for his life and so helped Mr Te Awa kidnap her.
Rigby said he drove Ms Portman's car while she was bound and gagged in the boot to an industrial site in Hamilton. He said he "freaked out" when he saw Mr Te Awa tie the strop around her neck and twist it over and over again. Moments later, Ms Portman was dead.
Rigby said he also used to deliver drugs and money for Mr Addison and that the workshop was just a front.
Earlier, Dean Addison's lawyer Mark Ryan told the court that Mr Addison and his wife were good friends with Rae Portman and tried to help police find her.
Mr Ryan said his client was arrested only after evidence from Rigby, who was given a significantly reduced sentence.
Rae

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.438505
Retrieved Text: The English physician Thomas Addison (1793-1860), one of a famous group of physicians at Guy's Hospital, London, was the first to describe a disease of the endocrine glands and the type of anemia now known as Addison's disease.
Thomas Addison was born in April 1793 at Long Benton near Newcastle-upon-Tyne. His father, Joseph Addison, was a grocer and flour dealer. Thomas studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh and took his doctorate in medicine in 1815. He then held various posts in London hospitals, and in 1819 he was admitted a licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians of London. Although now a fully qualified physician, he entered as a student at Guy's Hospital about 1820. In 1824 he was appointed assistant physician to that hospital and in 1837 full physician. An acute clinical observer and a brilliant teacher, he did much to create the fame of the medical school at Guy's.
Addison's medical writings were not numerous but very important. In 1829, in collaboration with John Morgan, he published the first work on toxicology in English. Much of his work—including his important observations on pneumonia, pulmonary tuberculosis, and fatty liver—appeared in the Guy's Hospital Reports. He gave the first description of appendicitis in his and Richard Bright's The Elements of the Practice of Medicine (vol. 1, 1839), most of which was written by Addison.
In 1849 Addison read to a London medical society a paper on anemia with disease of the suprarenal bodies. This type of anemia was unlike the anemias then known (it was always fatal) and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.386599
Retrieved Text: Published Nov 5, 2009 by Addison-Wesley Professional. Part of the Addison-Wesley Professional Ruby Series series.
Distributed programming techniques make applications easier to scale, develop, and deploy—especially in emerging cloud computing environments. Now, one of the Ruby community’s leading experts has written the first definitive guide to distributed programming with Ruby.
Mark Bates begins with a simple distributed application, and then walks through an increasingly complex series of examples, demonstrating solutions to the most common distributed programming problems.
Bates presents the industry’s most useful coverage of Ruby’s standard distributed programming libraries, DRb and Rinda. Next, he introduces powerful third-party tools, frameworks, and libraries designed to simplify Ruby distributed programming, including his own Distribunaut.
If you’re an experienced Ruby programmer or architect, this hands-on tutorial and practical reference will help you meet any distributed programming challenge, no matter how complex.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.23691
Retrieved Text: Simplify your journey planning with these packages. The Hilton Toronto resort presents superb excellent eating, elegant rooms and is ideally positioned steps from all the best Toronto sights. This lodge is positioned all through the highway from the 4 Seasons Centre for Performing Arts and strolling distance to the Leisure district, C.N. Tower and the fashion district.
One of many very prime areas in all of the Finger Lakes, The Corning Museum of Glass is lower than an hour’s scenic drive from Ithaca. Located in Corning, New York, a go to to the Corning Museum of Glass presents a perfect and memorable opportunity for a day journey throughout your Ithaca trip.
Voucher have to be surrendered upon redemption. One voucher valid for as a lot as 5 individuals touring on a bundle. Won’t be redeemed for money; no substitutions. Voucher won’t be replaced if misplaced or broken and might be not transferred for a industrial function. Might be not combined with different offers. Subject to restrictions and alter with out discover. One (1) voucher per package deal, most of 5 individuals per voucher. Respectable at Splitsville Luxurious Lanes, Downtown Disney District. Expires January 15, 2020.
We love rewarding people who maintain and play.
Luxury, consolation, and magnificence await you on the Toronto Marriott Downtown Eaton Centre Hotel. The Marriott presents spacious rooms which characteristic luxury extras together with spa-impressed tub merchandise, deluxe bedding, excessive-velocity internet in all rooms to take care of you related and an unbeatable location near CN Tower and Rogers Centre.
E ebook a bundle at a Tennessee

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.182318
Retrieved Text: Here at Chain Link Fence Pro, we will be here to satisfy your standards for Chain Link Fence in Addison, MI. You'll need the most sophisticated modern technology around, and our workforce of skilled professionals can offer this. We will apply top standard products and money saving strategies to be sure that you are given the very best services at the best value. We can help you to make choices for the undertaking, respond to all your questions, and schedule an appointment with our specialists once you give us a call by dialing 800-313-5780.
Our aspiration will be to make certain that you'll be pleased with the results of your project. We are going to get to know your needs and objectives of the job, and arrange to accomplish the tasks to meet your full standards. We're ready to assist with your concerns and questions. We anticipate all your concerns and questions, and we'll deal with them once you call. We've got the valuable experience and information to help you to put together the best decisions about your venture.
You have a spending budget to adhere to, and you want to save money. You still require high standard results on Chain Link Fence in Addison, MI, and you're able to have confidence in our staff to conserve your funds while continually providing the top quality results. Our initiatives to cost less money will not give up the quality of our work. We make use of the most excellent supplies and practices to ensure that any work is going

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.111052
Retrieved Text: Mr Lange and two colleagues were private hire drivers who entered into an agreement to hire liveried cars from a company associated with Addison Lee. There was, as part of the agreement, a portable computer which each driver had to log into. Once they did, work was allocated automatically to them via the computer and they had to provide reasons if a job was refused. If they did not, they were subject to sanctions. The contractual documents described them as independent contractors. Mr Lange and his colleagues, supported by their union, claimed that they were in fact workers and therefore entitled to rights such as the National Minimum Wage and statutory holiday pay.
A tribunal agreed with them. Addison Lee appealed the tribunal's findings that each was a worker, arguing that the tribunal had wrongly disapplied parts of the agreement in finding there was an obligation to do some work.
One of the main issues raised in the appeal was whether the tribunal was right to hold that the drivers were contractually obliged to do at least some driving work for the company, notwithstanding that the written terms they had signed up to stipulated drivers were under no such obligation. The EAT upheld the tribunal’s decision that this aspect of the agreement was irrelevant because it didn’t reflect the reality of what had been agreed. When a driver opted to log on to the computer the company used for allocating jobs, the driver had to accept a job allocated in the absence of an acceptable reason. Added to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.986595
Retrieved Text: Addison: This is all about Direct Payments, so can we go back to the beginning and ask how you find out about Direct Payments and what drew you to them?
Heidi: Well, in the beginning it was the fact that Daisy was going to respite and she was let down there. So, it was to give Daisy a break and for me to get support. I think the social worker mentioned it as the route to Direct Payments and that’s when I took that step.
Addison: How did you get involved with Social Services to begin with?
Heidi: When we moved here, being a single parent, I just asked for support from Social Services. When we first moved here Daisy wasn’t getting anything, so we were coming up against brick wall after brick wall and that’s how we got involved with Social Services. We did a lot of complaining.
Addison: Once you got in with Social Services they were all right?
Heidi: They’ve had their ups and downs. Not always been as supportive as I’d have liked. But, it’s been fine.
Addison: How was respite letting you down?
Heidi: Well, basically Daisy can’t feed herself, so she wasn’t being fed properly. Also, I was guaranteed that she would have her own room every time she went and stayed there but that wasn’t the case. She wasn’t being entertained or simulated. They failed her because she wasn’t getting all the care that she needed.
Addison: What did Social Services say when you brought this up?
Heidi: I was made aware of what was going on with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.98261
Retrieved Text: This article presents some methods of SQL Server 2000 or SQL Server 2005 for Microsoft Dynamics NAV optimization. It focuses on database design, programming standards and a hardware configuration.
Microsoft Business Solutions Navision 4.0 Course: 8404B Installation and Configuration Training. Microsoft Corporation, 2004.
Dupont-Roc P., Gatchalian R., Serrano D.: Microsoft Dynamics NAV 4.0 Hardware Guide. 2006.
Muhlbaher H.: Optimizing Dynamics NAV on SQL Server - Application. 2007.
Muhlbaher H.: Optimizing Dynamics NAV on SQL Server - Infrastracture. 2007.
Raheem M., Sonkin D., D'Hers T., LeMonds K.: Inside SQL Server 2005 Tools. Addison Wesley Professional, Boston 2006.
Woody B.: Administrator's Guide to SQL Server 2005. Addison Wesley Professional, Boston 2006.
Rankins R., Jensen P., Bertucci P.: Microsoft SQL Server 2000. Księga eksperta. Helion, Gliwice 2003.
Bieniek D., Dyess R., Hotek M., Loria J., Machanie A., Soto A., Wiernik A.: Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Implementation and Maintenance, Self Paced Training Kit. MSPress, Redmont 2006.
Nielsen P.: SQL Server 2005 Bibie. Wiley Publishing, Inc, Indianapolis 2007.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.961973
Retrieved Text: Addison Klein s marriage is falling apart She s contemplating whether she should fight to keep her family together or walk away After the sudden death of her best friend, Peyton, and a vicious fight with Tyler, Addison knows she needs to finally decide her future.Just when she thinks she s all alone in making this life altering decision, she gets a little guidance from hAddison Klein s marriage is falling apart She s contemplating whether she should fight to keep her family together or walk away After the sudden death of her best friend, Peyton, and a vicious fight with Tyler, Addison knows she needs to finally decide her future.Just when she thinks she s all alone in making this life altering decision, she gets a little guidance from her guardian angel Addison rediscovers herself and realizes that the vows she said on her wedding day meant something to her for as long as we both shall live So Addison sets a plan in motion to seduce her husband.
3 starsThe shortest book ever! Anyway, it was a good read. I liked it because the heroine decided to work on their marriage instead of to kill it. Nowadays, divorce rate is scary. I hope most people out there stay true to the vows and let divorce isn't an option at all.This book was promising. Only if it was a little bit longer, I would enjoy it immensely and probably would give higher rating. Story like this has never failed to captivate me. Read on your own

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.937904
Retrieved Text: The exhibit features music, in the visual arts realism denotes any approach that depicts what the eye can see. Robinson Film Center, though the public would not see the results of such technological progress until the next decade. Lounge with the lizards downstairs until you find yourself upstairs, vR and Speed dating addison tx, not just a picture of objects.
Called the Sword of Damocles because of the hardware required for support, uU which worked closely with the computer graphics lab. A comprehensive collection of the Southern Folk Art of self, are mathematically complex entities to draw and model well. The software will then construct a perfect box, it could stretch the body speed dating addison tx car without deforming the tires. Pilar Castrejon and works by Jose Quadalupe Posade from the Harry Ransom Center in Austin, a look into the history of the American Tattoo and how it has transformed from taboo to main stream. With a model of a car, this speed dating addison tx stored in the computer. These works expose creation at its purest state, 3D computer graphics are the same as 3D models.
Hours of Operation: Tuesday, lucienne Simon and Guy Bond, regnskapsinformasjon og kart. Five Cent Jones, artworks by established artists who live speed dating addison tx cities along Interstate 20 from Longview bekanntschaft anschreiben Monroe. Internettopplysningen AS tilbyr en oversiktlig og profesjonell tjeneste innen bedriftsinformasjon, it is a vast and recently developed area of computer science. Or arrangement of speed dating addison tx alone, a GPU is a device able to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.911934
Retrieved Text: My story: I was taken in by St. Francis along with my 8 other siblings! I am very loving and will place my head in your hand for pets or roll on my back for belly rubs.
Is Addison for you or your family?
Where will Addison be kept?
I certify that the information provided is complete and correct. I understand if it is discovered I have given any untrue information, St. Francis Society has the right to confiscate Addison without a refund of my adoption fee.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.906271
Retrieved Text: Andrew Wheeler and Nick Fontaine in The Best Laid Plans. Photo by David Cooper.
Terry Fallis’ 2008 political satire, The Best Laid Plans, makes the jump from the written page to the musical stage with the upcoming adaptation from Vancouver’s Patrick Street Productions and Touchstone Theatre. But more than simply a musical based on the Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour winner, the play sees two of the novel’s original characters re-written as genderqueer.
Based on Terry Fallis’ award-winning satirical first novel, the story takes place in and around Ottawa during the run-up to a federal election. Daniel Addison, a speechwriter for the leader of the Liberal Opposition, is dropping out of politics for the relatively tame world of academe. Before Daniel can cast off politics once and for all, he’s given a Herculean task: find a Liberal candidate to run in an unassailable Conservative riding. Daniel convinces Angus McLintock, a crusty old Scot, to let his name stand in an election he’s sure to lose.
With the timing near perfect given the federal election currently underway, the musical adaptation of The Best Laid Plans is also uniquely Canadian.
You can read the entire interview with The Best Laid Plans author Terry Fallis, and its musical creator counterparts, Anton Lipovetsky and Benjamin Elliott on Vancouver Presents.
The Best Laid Plans: A Musical plays at the York Theatre (639 Commercial Dr) September 19 – October 3. Visit http://thecultch.com for tickets and information.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.89373
Retrieved Text: Encourages responsible business development and publishes a tourism guide for the county.
Organization working to provide affordable housing to low and middle income people of Addison County provides details of history, resources, awards and available housing.
Economic development corporation provides details of the board, resources, membership, business services, newsletter and event.
Features details of the annual agriculture fair including information on exhibits, entry forms and events.
Provides hospice and home care services by skilled nurses for physical and speech therapy in Addison County.
Member of the Vermont Parent Child Center Network focusing on Addison County provides details of history and accomplishments, goals, getting involved, services, resources and volunteering.
Describes the role of the commission including details of programs, services, communities, resources, calendar, news and announcements.
Find information on initiative working to revitalize the health of the land, local economy and communities to enable sustainable sources of food, water, employment and energy.
Offers information on trash, recycling, reuse, hazardous waste, compositing, jobs and news, programs, announcements, district office hours, drop off locations and rates.
Find information on bus schedules and maps, fares and planning a trip.
Presents details of programs including information on emergency, substance abuse, youth and family, community rehabilitation and adult outpatient services. Includes information on locations, making a donation, staff and board members, jobs and resources.
Animal shelter for lost, abandoned, abused or adoptive animals. Includes adoptable pets, programs and ways to help. Located in Middlebury.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.87858
Retrieved Text: To whom it may concern, This letter is to affirm, Addison Mason Builders LLP, as a construction company worthy of your consideration. I contracted Addison Mason Builders in the winter of 2007 to replace the metal roof on my Ossipee, NH home. The project began on time, workers were on the job every day on time, all work was completed according to the product specifications and within the agreed upon time frame, and all completed work exceeded my high demands for quality. They cleaned up my home every day after completion of the daily activities-something that I truly appreciated. During the course of the project, Marc Plauche addressed all of the unknown surprises with expertise. He also provided recommendations to improve quality, and all change orders were reasonably accommodated. It is said that a customer's true satisfaction is ultimately demonstrated if and when a customer returns and purchases additional goods or services from a company. When I need a quality general contractor again I will call Marc and Skip at Addison Mason Builders.
James T. Smith MLM Operations Manager, Madison Lumber Mill Inc.
I would like to offer a testimonial about the fine work of Mr. Marc Plauche and his company Addison Mason Builders LLP. I contracted with Mr. Plauche to remove and re-build a deck on my home and the resulting experience was outstanding. Mr. Plauche delivered exceptional service at a reasonable price. His men were courteous, timely and respectable. I would offer my future renovations to Marc Plauche at Addison Mason Builders again.
I am happy to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.845161
Retrieved Text: Find a Roommate in West Addison, VT!
By choosing to have a roommate, you can dramatiacally save money on housing. Our West Addison roommate classifieds put you in touch with people who need to rent rooms, whether they're in a home, townhome, condo, or apartment. Looking for roommates can be difficult, but we make finding a roommate in West Addison simple at RoommateNation.
By placing a roommate wanted ad on our site you can reach a large number of West Addison people who want to save money with a room to rent.
If you have a house for rent, RoommateNation can help you rent your room and fill your vacancy. List a room for rent with RoommateNation and search our online roommate finder to contact possible tenants. With our service, you can easily rent out a room: Learn about a potential renter even before you meet them for an interview. This site also provides an excellent means for finding short term or corporate housing around West Addison. Arrangements for vacation rentals can be found here saving money over staying at a hotel or motel. RoommateNation can help to fill a vacant room without difficulty.
Post rooms for rent, view other profiles, and send messages to other West Addison roommates. Roommatenation is intended for people who are looking for roommates, and not for landlords that are not planning to share the housing they are offering. Please enjoy the use of RoommateNation.com. We strive to bring a quality roommate matching product to you!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.797688
Retrieved Text: March 22, 2019 at 9:08a.m.
Neighbors | Jessica Harker .Third-grade students at Austintown Intermediate School, Dominic Boano, Krystyn Shrock, Addison Mitulinski and Emily Davis, prepared to throw pies at their principals on March 14 in celebration of Pi Day.
Neighbors | Jessica Harker .Principals Tim Pappagallo and Angel Owens wiped whipped cream from their faces after four students won the ability to throw a pie at them on March 14 at Austintown Intermediate School's Pi Day.
Neighbors | Jessica Harker .Addison Mitulinski threw a pie at Principal Tim Pappagallo on March 14 at Austintown Intermediate School's annual Pi Day celebration.
Neighbors | Jessica Harker .Third-grader Dominic Boano threw a pie at Principal Angel Owens on March 14 in celebration of Pi Day.
Neighbors | Jessica Harker .Addison Mitulinski, Principal Tim Pappagallo and Emily Davis posed after Davis and Mitulinski won the right to throw pies at their principals in celebration of Pi Day on March 14 at Austintown Intermediate School.
Neighbors | Jessica Harker .Students used their estimation abilities to guess how many Starbursts were in a jar on March 14 at Austintown Intermediate School's annual Pi Day celebration.
Austintown Intermediate School celebrated international Pi Day on March 14.
Students spent the day working on fun games based on various math concepts.
“It’s just a fun way for each of the classes to get involved and really do some interactive learning of different math concepts,” said third-grade math teacher Joya Villani who headed up the events.
Villani said that students in third grade spent the day learning about rays, and finding their area.
Fourth-graders spent the day

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.695639
Retrieved Text: Molly: Hey! I’m going skating, Addison, bye!
Addison: Oh, I am, too! You want to go skating together?
Addison: Just make sure you change your clothes. It’s cold out there.
Addison: Just wear the warmest clothes you have! They’ll be good enough.
Molly: Okay, I’ll go change. I’ll meet you out there!
Addison: I thought you said you were going ice skating?
Molly: I meant skate boarding!
Addison: Oh, goodness. What are you wearing?
Addison: Wait, Molly, you can’t skateboard on ice! Stop!!
Addison: Hey Molly, it’s getting late. Let’s go ice skating before it gets too dark. I’m already ready, so come outside as fast as you can.
Addison: Molly! What are you doing out here in your pajamas?!
Molly: Well, you told me to come out here as fast as possible. I was already in bed, soooo…..
Addison: I didn’t mean for you to come out here in your pajamas-with nothing on your feet at that!
Molly: Oh, so you want me to go inside and put on some shoes, and THEN come back outside?
Molly: Hey, Addison! You said you wanted to go skateboarding?
Molly: *shakes head in rejection* Noooo, I’m sure you said skateboarding. *shivers* Why is it so cold?
Addison: Molly, it’s the middle of January and you’re outside on a frozen lake in your pajamas.
Molly: *whines* It’s cold! It only makes sense that you wear comfortable pajamas when it’s cold!
Molly: Well, of course. Why not?
Addison: Hurry up, Molly, and come ice skate with me!
Addison: You do realize you’re wearing your pj’s to go ice skating.
Molly: That’s because we aren’t going ice skating. Who in the world

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.622477
Retrieved Text: Tommy Addison was raised in rural De Soto Parish, LA. He served his country in the Air Force. Through his life, Tommy developed a love for old farm tractors and equipment. Tommy was involved with antique tractor clubs in east Texas and became a founding member of North Louisiana Vintage Tractor Club. Later,Tommy assisted in forming other clubs in Louisiana which all joined EDGE&TA.
Tommy did not seek to be an officer of the clubs, but did serve as Chairman of the Board for North Louisiana Vintage Tractor Club.
Tommy recognized the leadership in others and encourage them to seek the office that would benefit the club in its activities.
If there was a World Championship for Tractor Drivers, then Tommy Addison would be the recipient of that award. Tommy was a people person and helped everyone that was around him. He never turned down any problem that was brought before him. Tommy gave you his undivided attention when you were discussing tractors and you felt as though you and he was the only one that was on the earth. He gave everyone the opportunity to better themselves with their tractors from giving them pointers on pulling or fine tuning a 40+ year old tractor that was dragged out of the weeds and woods that everyone else had given up on. Tommy knew the EDGE&TA rules and was track master at almost every pull or club that he was active in. He was the hub that made the wheels turn in several clubs in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. He

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.614653
Retrieved Text: Addison Day - Benningfield Group, Inc.
Addison is responsible for testing our software projects to ensure they meet our high standards for quality. A thoughtful worker who is quick to offer a helping hand whenever he can, Addison’s enthusiasm makes him a great addition to our software team.
Currently studying general education at Folsom Lake College, Addison’s internship has given him a chance to pursue his interest in software development since he came on board in February 2016.
An eager contributor to any project he can assist on while at the Benningfield Group, it should come as no surprise that Addison can also be found tutoring other students on campus or volunteering at a local community service event – he is truly committed to helping those around him!
Despite his busy schedule, Addison makes sure to find time to relax, getting lost in a book or spending time with his friends and nephews whenever he has down time.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.614147
Retrieved Text: Addison Grizzley is presumed innocent, until proven guilty in a court of law. Not all of outcomes are known or final.
Is Addison Grizzley a criminal?
Addison Grizzley is innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
What was Addison Grizzley arrested for?
When was Addison Grizzley arrested?
How old was Addison Grizzley at the time of the arrest?
Where was Addison Grizzley arrested?
When was Addison Grizzley born?
Addison Grizzley was born on March 21,1991.
Addison Grizzley was 27 years old at the time of the arrest. was arrested on 2019-02-13 08:33:00.
Below you can find more information about the charges of Addison Grizzley (if available).
This official record of Addison Grizzley is redistributed by FindMugshots.com and is protected by publishing, constitutional and other legal rights. The official record was collected from local law enforcement agencies of Michigan. Not all of outcomes of this arrest report are known or final.
Not the Addison Grizzley you were searching for? Use the search bar above to find the correct record or view all results for Addison Grizzley in All States.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.598537
Retrieved Text: Unforgettable special events have turned our city into a destination. Boasting a social scene that’s garnered national attention, Addison Circle Park plays home to marquee occasions, including Taste Addison, Addison Kaboom Town!
®, Summer Series and Oktoberfest, while Vitruvian Park keeps our city buzzing with entertaining series like Vitruvian Lights and Vitruvian Nights Live. Vitruvian lights is a free yearly event where they cover the trees in Vitruvian park with colored Christmas lights. It's fun for family and friends or a date. I'd recommend going on one of the nights they have a live band and food trucks for the full effect. Nov 6, 2017.
The most dazzling and spectacular time of the year is here! Vitruvian Park transforms into a Magical Holiday Wonderland during Vitruvian. Jun 19, 2018 · Vitruvian Park, Addison. This is a great place to walk around and see beautiful trees all lit up in Christmas. Beautiful concept park and Vitruvian. Vitruvian Park: Christmas light extravaganza - See 45 traveler reviews, 88 candid photos, and great deals for Addison, TX, at TripAdvisor. Events at Vitruvian Park Designed and constructed with human proportions in mind, Vitruvian Park in Addison offers upscale living options and a pedestrian lifestyle with easy access to work, shopping, recreation and entertainment including first-class events throughout the year.
Neighborhood: Living Choices Location Events Retail. Contact& Social: Virtruvian Park® 3875 Ponte Ave Addison, TX. Questions? Visit Us On Facebook. Vitruvian lights is a free yearly event where they cover the trees in Vitruvian park with colored Christmas.
yet about Vitruvian Lights - Magical Night

================



======= Instance Index 13682 =========
Input Text: Context: Jordan had just taken a new job.

Question: How would Jordan feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: regretful

B: felt gratified

C: like quitting

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.271408
Retrieved Text: Jordan Hachey knew that God did not exist and was confident that He would have no part in his life. Eventually some of his friends convinced him to come to church and through a series of tragic events Jordan discovered a true peace found only in Christ. Read as Jordan shares his own inspirational testimony.
I accepted Jesus in May 2008. It was my second time through the Alpha program at North View, and almost a full year after I started regularly attending church. Now, I had been a firm atheist through that year and the few that preceded it. The reason I was in church at all, as you can probably guess, was a girl.
Of course, by the end of a year, it wasn't just a girl. I had many Christian friends. Somehow I had been taken in by a group of Christians and they really became my social circle. It's almost overwhelming looking back on how radically God interfered in my life. I was pulled out of a life of hopelessness and dropped into a place where the Kingdom surrounded me.
My friends were extremely patient with me. I was good at being an atheist. There was no argument for faith that I would have shied away from, and I never lost a debate. I knew all the talking points; from philosophy to biology, and I was dead certain of everything I believed. I told myself that I'd come a long way from the depression that almost killed me, and it was logic that had carried

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.744785
Retrieved Text: A whole page is dedicated to weddings because it is an event that celebrates two people's love for each other - such an important day! Jordan has been through wedding planning himself when he got married in 2012 and knows just how much work goes into finding the perfect pieces and details for your big day. A part of that is finding a DJ who will do an amazing job and will leave you worry and stress free. DJ Cuz-o will do just that! Music sets the tone to your day - from the ceremony music, the processional, dinner music and full on dance party music, it has to be just right!
DJ Cuz-o will ensure that it is.
Whatever your day requires, DJ Cuz-o can accommodate you. You can hire him for the entire day from the ceremony to the reception or for just the reception where he will certainly create an amazing party.
Whatever you are looking for, he can play it. From old songs to new, traditional wedding songs and party favourites, whatever you need, he has it! Check out some of his mixes on the music page for a sampling of his music!
"We could not have asked for a better DJ. We had booked DJ Cuz-o to play until 1:30 am but everyone was having such a great time we kept him on until 4:30 am!. Our guests had a blast and danced their faces off. We would recommend DJ Cuz-o to anyone, especially those looking for more than your average wedding disc jockey. Super

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.505184
Retrieved Text: A Federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a man who was barred from the New London police force because he scored too high on an intelligence test.
In a ruling made public on Tuesday, Judge Peter C. Dorsey of the United States District Court in New Haven agreed that the plaintiff, Robert Jordan, was denied an opportunity to interview for a police job because of his high test scores. But he said that that did not mean Mr. Jordan was a victim of discrimination.
Judge Dorsey ruled that Mr. Jordan was not denied equal protection because the city of New London applied the same standard to everyone: anyone who scored too high was rejected.
So, what happens when a profession who is responsible for maintaining law and order refuses to hire ‘smart people’?
Sheriff’s deputies zapped a car accident victim with a stun gun several times Friday morning after he became violent with emergency workers who tried to put a neck brace on him, authorities said.
The crash occurred about 3:30 a.m. when the man, Mark Holder, 30, of Boynton Beach had a seizure in the Cadillac he was driving along Military Trail and Champion Drive, and his passenger, NeNe Piltoff, 47, of Delray Beach, had to take the wheel, sheriff’s spokeswoman Teri Barbera said.
The car jumped the median heading southbound in the northbound lanes of Military Trail before it swerved off the road and smashed into the Addison Court plaza sign.
As fire-rescue workers tried to put a neck brace on Holder, he fought them, Barbera said.
After he was subdued,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.422289
Retrieved Text: Jordan did a great job! My computer hasn't ran this well in a long time.
I was getting so many pop ups I couldn't get any thing done. I highly recommend Jordan as the Tech to call when you are having issues with your computer. Jordan does great work, exceptional service, and a great price.
Jordan did a wonderful job and within the budget and time promised. I had a simple task for his expertise but nonetheless I was extremely impressed with his work. I will use him for all my computer needs and do recommend him.
The computer HDD was acting funny, long turn on times, potentially bad sectors through out the drive. Do I replace the almost new Lenovo or pay 50$ to get it fixed? Hmmm... Decided to go with trying to get the computer fixed, Jordan did a great job, extremely professional, don't get intimidated by his young age! Four months later, still very happy with the repair! Good job Jordan!
Jordan was able to help me with my phone. I texted him in the late afternoon on a Friday and was scheduled for the very next day. He completed the work professionally at the exact price he had quoted me. If something goes amiss in the future, he will be the first call I make.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.198696
Retrieved Text: At 27 years old, Alex has already done over 100 real estate transactions in 2.5 years. Having grown up in Garson, Alex is proud to call Greater Sudbury his home. After working with Jordan Stephens since 2015, it has become clear that Alex’s most valuable trait is getting clients the best possible deal.
In Jordan's first year of real estate he successfully completed 40 real estate transactions from then on his business continued to grow and in 2018 him and his small team closed over 120 real estate transactions. By staying up to date with current marketing trends and systems, Jordan has mastered creating the ultimate home buying or selling experience.
Jordan and his team worked very hard sell my home in Sudbury! They were very prompt in communicating and answering my questions. Unparalleled marketing, I had an offer within 8 days. I highly recommend!
If you want to sell your home quickly and stress free, then you need Jordan and his team to do the job. This professional and knowledgeable team sold my home in 10 days and found me a new home just as quickly! They are definitely the #1 real estate team YOU need.
5 stars!🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 Jordan and his team sold my home in 8 days!! Honest and great communication skills. Was there for me every step of the process. His team made the whole experience easy for me and stress free as I’ve never sold a home in 12 years and needed the home to sell ASAP for my new job relocation!! If you want the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.053953
Retrieved Text: The Jordan New Opportunities for Women (NOW) program is intended to increase the rate of employment for new female community college graduates in Jordan. Participants are offered skills job training and/or soft job vouchers that reimburse employers at the minimum wage rate for up to six months over an 11-month period. (Note: This summary is for the training program only: see also ‘Jordan New Opportunities for Women – Voucher Program’ and ‘Jordan New Opportunities for Women – Voucher and Training Program.’) An experimental evaluation found that participation in the soft skills training had statistically significant positive impacts on subjective measures including well-being and optimism.
The New Opportunities for Women (NOW) program is intended to increase employment of new female graduates of community colleges in Jordan. Some of the graduates were offered community-based soft job skills training to enhance job readiness. The free soft skills training covered effective communications and business writing, team-building and team work skills, time management, positive thinking, customer service, and resume and interviewing skills. Each course took 45 hours over five days. Seventeen training courses were offered at six locations during daylight hours at locally trusted institutions. The cost of the training was approximately $400/attendee.
Evaluated Population: There were 1,350 female graduates of eight public community colleges who participated in the study, representing 85 percent of all community college female graduates in Jordan. The typical graduate was 20 to 22 years old, unmarried, and had never been employed. Nearly half had studied administration and finance, one-quarter had studied medical assistance, and one in ten had

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.985134
Retrieved Text: I’m fishing at the Mark Messier Catch Classic in ’97. I’m rooming with Mike Keenan. He had just taken on a job coaching the Vancouver Canucks. I was excited to meet him because of everything that happened with the Rangers in ’94.
I was busting his chops a little bit. We got to talking and by the end of the night Mike said to me he was going to sleep in.
The moral of the story: Never trust someone who is highly motivated to go and get something done. Winners win and they compete. I said one little thing to Mike the night before and that turned a switch on.
Michael Jordan, Derek Jeter, Cal Ripken. The great ones immediately reset and move on to the next goal because the real fun is the process of reaching the goal. Anyone that has had sustained success will tell you that.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.9658
Retrieved Text: Steve Elton reveals his ongoing passion for luxury outdoor design and shares a peek into his rise to the top.
Luxury outdoor furniture manufacturer Brown Jordan is lucky to have Steve Elton. Serving as the company’s chief brand curator, this humble man in his early 60s has given his life to a business he adores. Thirty weekends a year, he hops on a plane and travels to one of the company’s high-end showrooms to meet with clients, customers and staff to share his design knowledge and, most likely, sell merchandise while he’s at it.
Elton was hired as a sales rep for Brown Jordan in 1990, but it wasn’t really the position he was looking for. “I wanted to get into the creative end of things,” he admits. “When I was in my 20s, I went to design school and took a class on branding. Architectural Digest came up in discussion and it brought back memories of perusing the pages in the copies my parents always had on hand. I kept seeing the Brown Jordan ads, and they just inspired me.” From then on, he made it his mission to work for the firm.
Elton eventually took a job as a sales person at an exclusive furniture store while supporting his wife, Miriam, and daughter, Melanie. Then he set his sights on Brown Jordan, wooing the company for the next eight years. “I started sending letters to the head of the company asking for a job,” Elton says. “One day out of the blue, the president showed up and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.681627
Retrieved Text: You will definitely find it amazing to send us your task and get it delivered in a short time. Simply order a necessary paper from our service and get a perfectly written essay. I mention michael jordan because 10 words that he uttered changed me forever, and.
Violence over air jordan releases has almost become the new normal, and its time for michael jordan to take a stand. Essay on michael jordan - change the way you deal with your assignment with our professional service dissertations and resumes at most. If you are tired of difficult study papers, take advantage of mcessay.
Michael jordan is a former american professional basketball player, active businessman, and majority owner of the charlotte bobcats, national. It will be very simple and quick as long as you trust your academic assignment our professional team of writers. Dec 2011 - 11 min - uploaded by tjsmithniaccmy persuasive speech about why michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time.
Especially if your aim is to get exceptionally high grades and find a decent job in the future. Michael jordan was born on february 17, 1963, in brooklyn, new york, one of james and deloris jordans five children. We helped hundreds of students to deliver well-written papers without a delay therefore, we offer our expert assistance to you.
The sporting scene about michael jordan and the chicago bulls. Our service is a great place that combines superb quality, timely delivery, and affordable prices. Sports ilustrated senior writer lee jenkins explores kobe bryants basketball upbringing and development

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.630375
Retrieved Text: The father of a 2-month-old boy has been arrested on charges of child abuse.
The baby had 29 bones broken in his body when taken to the hospital for examination by his mother Krishna Rittenhouse.
The father, Jordan Rittenhouse, a Navy sailor, has been charged with first-degree assault and risk of injury to a minor for allegedly causing the injuries to his son, reports The Day.
Doctors discovered the child had multiple rib fractures upon examination. The fractures were in various states of healing, showing abuse over time.
Some of the injuries were consistent with squeezing, while others were not.
Dr. Andrea Asnes told police “she was surprised the victim was alive,” according to the police warrant.
Krishna denied harming the child to police and told them the child may have brittle bone disease, as she suffers from calcium and iron deficiencies. The theory was found unlikely by an assessment team.
Jordan was interviewed by police and denied harming his child, even as he admitted to being under a great deal of stress to complete school while performing at a high level.
"I may have squeezed him at some point, but I am afraid for my career. I’m just getting started in my career," Jordan later said, according to the warrant.
Upon a second interview, Jordan admitted that he squeezed the victim at least 16 times, to make him stop crying, reports The New York Daily News.
After one squeezing instance, Jordan was concerned he may have punctured a lung.
Jordan also admitted to making the infant bleed on one occasion after jamming a bottle into his

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.48319
Retrieved Text: Reprints Hal Jordan and the Green Lantern Corps: Rebirth #1 and Hal Jordan and the Green Lantern Corps #1-7 (September 2016-December 2016). The Green Lantern Corps are gone, and the Sinestro Corps have taken charge of the universe. As Hal Jordan tries reclaim his identity as a Green Lantern, the Green Lantern Corps also are making their move to establish themselves as the guardians of the universe. Unfortunately, Sinestro has a plan, and darkness and fear are brewing!
Written by Robert Venditti, Hal Jordan and the Green Lantern Corps Volume 1: Sinestro’s Law is part of DC Comics’ Rebirth line and follows the events of the New 52 title Green Lantern Volume 8: Reflections. This series and Green Lanterns are tied together and feature art by Rafa Sandoval and Ethan Van Sciver.
The Green Lantern titles have been firing on a solid storyline for a long time now. Geoff Johns made the character relevant again and gave the story a load of supporting characters and events to build on. Venditti has taken that basis and run with it.
Unlike a lot of DC’s other titles, Green Lantern (and its spinoff titles) don’t feel as affected by the changes to the universe in events like New 52 and Rebirth. It feels more like a nice solid continuing storyline that is needed in the constantly shuffling world of comics. As a result however, the title isn’t the easiest series to jump into and the events of this collection are a bit hard to follow without some background.
I don’t really like what

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.403986
Retrieved Text: "At Jordan Fishwick we believe in outstanding customer service and take pride in our professional attitude towards sales and lettings. Here you will find a selection of testimonials from some of our many happy customers."
"We really cannot thank you enough for all of the work that you have put into our house move."
We really cannot thank you enough for all of the work that you have put into our house move. You have been so persistent, patient and persevering whilst at all times maintained your professionalism, under difficult circumstances at times always with a touch of humour. You have really worked so hard to get us to this sale and Zoe and I and baby Harry wish to thank you so much, to put in all this effort for us! Every good wish for the future we are sure that with your dedication you will be very successful.
"We would definitely use your services in the future and would recommend Jordan Fishwick."
"Further to the recent purchase of our property in Didsbury, I wanted to pass on our thanks for the hard work and professionalism that you and the rest of the office delivered in helping to conclude our sale as quickly and efficiently as you did.
We would definitely use your services in the future and would recommend Jordan Fishwick, Didsbury to anyone looking to buy or make a property sale”.
"I would highly recommend Jordan Fishwick Sale Branch"
I'd just like to say a massive thank you to the three key people involved in selling our house Maura, Harry

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.310432
Retrieved Text: It was a race against time as I was trying to meet the grant requirements.
Peter was racking his brains, trying to remember where he had put his car keys.
The wounded man was groaning loudly as he was racked with pain.
The man at the bus station was railing at the ticket clerk about the bad service.
The art festival, which was supposed to be outdoors, was rained out yesterday afternoon.
The sky is overcast, and I bet it's raining cats and dogs in the mountains.
They were given a rain check for the performance that was cancelled because of the death of the leading actor.
"I am going to throw a big New Year party. Please don't rain on my parade."
We are having a barbecue tomorrow, rain or shine.
Miss Muffed likes raising a fuss over trifles.
Jordan didn't raise a hand to do his share of the work, so I had to do everything all by myself.
Jordan raised a hand against his wife's precious possessions, and she decided to punish him.
The dog owners raised a stink about the new pet tax.
Sam Craft, the defense lawyer, raised an objection about the testimony of the main witness.
Theodor raised an objection to the coach about including Jordan in our football team.
The soldiers sang songs and shouted and raised Cain to pass the long hours of the night.
Ron raised eyebrows when Steve failed to complete his job in time.
The storm raised havoc with our plans to go boating.
When my dog ran into my neighbor's garden, Wanda Lee, my neighbor, raised hell with me.
The problem of cockroaches

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.278591
Retrieved Text: Garw SBGC boss Nigel Jordan has spoken about the ambition of playing in the Welsh Football League, following the clubs promotion to the Premier Division.
It’s been just under a decade since the Pontycymmer based side played in the Welsh League. They were relegated from Division Three after finishing bottom in an eighteen team league. The club hadn’t been out of the Welsh League up until their relegation back in the 2009/2010 season.
With just one promotion spot available in the Premier Division, it is a task not many clubs have done over the years, in winning consecutive promotions to the Welsh League.
Teams such as Cardiff Draconians, Canton Liberal and Ynyshir Albions, have all held their own however after winning promotions from the lower leagues.
Players such as Kris Evans, James Hardwick, Shaun Williams, Harry Davies and captain Nathan Rose all remained at the club, despite Blanche’s departure and have reaped the rewards of playing in a higher division, for remaining at the club.
“Next season is just around the corner and work is already underway to strengthen the current squad of players. We as a club are working towards regaining a place in the Welsh League,” said Jordan.
Small steps both on and off the field have taken us to Alliance Premier which is a tough league and getting harder to win promotion from every year.
Jordan arrived at the club having taken over from a youth role at nearby Penybont. He replaced the departing manager Ryan Blanche who is now manager at Cornelly United.
“I came into the club from Penybont

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.03459
Retrieved Text: THE BOLD AND THE BEAUTIFUL: Katie and Thorne told a happy Will that they were getting married. They also told the Forrester clan about their engagement. When Bill learned about Katie and Thorne’s marriage plans, he vowed to do whatever it takes to win the custody battle over Will. Brooke was upset when Bill kissed her after she went to tell him that Katie hadn’t changed her mind about wanting full custody of Will. Sally was thrilled when Steffy offered her a job designing for the Intimates line. Ridge secretly tried to persuade Judge McMullen to give Katie custody of Will.
DAYS OF OUR LIVES: John, who has a plan to save Marlena, teamed up with Roman and Kayla to get Hattie out of jail so she could impersonate Marlena. After Marlena was taken to an abandoned floor in the hospital, Kayla put a life support system on Hattie. Hattie, pretending to be Marlena, "woke up." Sami, Eric and Belle were thrilled that their mother was alive. After the fact, John called Hattie out for blasting Sami for shooting her on her wedding day and slammed Belle for having her taken off the ventilator. Rafe was suspicious when Hope arrested Ben after “finding new evidence” that Ben tried to kill Ciara in the cabin fire. Ben insisted that Hope set him up when Ciara turned against him. Lucas was stunned when Kayla told him that a paternity test proved that he and Bonnie are the parents of baby Bonnie. As part of her revenge plot, Gabi drugged

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.018658
Retrieved Text: Dr. Jordan was known for caring for patients burned in the Pentagon attack.
WASHINGTON -- A doctor who treated burn victims after the September 11 attacks on the Pentagon died in a car accident on Friday.
Dr. Marion Jordan was remembered by Medstar Washington Hospital Center, who called him a "long-time beloved physicians, and former director of our Burn Center."
Dr. Jordan was known for caring for victims burned in the attack on the Pentagon in 2001.
"However, his enduring legacy is the bond he shared with the firefighters in our region, among whom he was well-respected." Medstar wrote on Facebook. They included a picture of Dr. Jordan alongside former President George W. Bush.
On their Facebook page, The DC Firefighters Burn Foundation described Dr. Jordan as “a close friend of the fire service and well respected by the firefighters from the metropolitan region as well as around the U.S. His loss will be felt by firefighters, burn teams, and burn survivors around the country.
Additionally, Dr. Jordan was the former president of the American Burn Association and an honorary member of the DC Firefighters Association IAFF Local 36, the DC Firefighters Burn Foundation wrote.
DC Fire & EMS Lt. Charlie Shyab is a 1st Vice President with the DC Firefighters Burn Foundation.
“He was just genuinely interested in anybody that he talked to and you know, wanted to hear your story. Or be friendly. He’d take us out fishing on his boat,” said Lt. Shyab, who says he’s had a friendship with Dr. Jordan for more than a decade.
Shyab met the 9/11 Doctor

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.014885
Retrieved Text: As we approach the seventh anniversary of the devastating 9/11 attack on America, my thoughts have returned once again to an extraordinary situation I found myself on that fateful day.
It was on Tuesday, September 11, 2001, while in Gerasa (Jerash) the most complete and best-preserved Greco-Roman city in the Middle East, when a group of us first heard the news that all hell had broken loose in New York City.
I was with a team of 28 American Christian leaders and journalists when one of our team, Giles Hudson, received a mobile phone call from USA Radio Network, in Dallas, Texas, that a plane had slammed into one of the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center Building.
In a state of shock, we were then taken to the nearby city of Gadara (modern Um Qais), with its spectacular panoramic views overlooking the Sea of Galilee, the site of Jesus’ miracle of the Gadarene swine, where He sent demented spirits out of two men into a herd of swine who ran down the hill and drowned in the Sea of Galilee (Matthew 8:28-34), and there we received more information about the second plane crashing into another of the towers. It was if the demons of hate had been unleashed on America and all we could do was to pray for the victims and their relatives.
It was surreal to be in Jordan at the time of the worst terrorist attack in American history. Very soon, we were overwhelmed with Jordanian people who stopped us at every place we went

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.78788
Retrieved Text: Oh. My.God……your mother told me you “met” him & had your picture taken with him. She did not say you actually had a personal conversation with him while he looked to be wandering around like a “normal” person! You are killing me with this royal stuff…you should have asked Earl Spencer for his nephew’s phone number!!! Glad to hear they did such a nice job with her memorial, very classy to only be open for these two months. Nobody does pomp and circumstance like the British (except the Catholics when a Pope dies!)) PS Glad to see you still have Jordan to run around with, you are probably gonna wear her out filling her own shoes & Tom’s too! Love ya, take care and stay safe!!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.773046
Retrieved Text: What did Jordan have on-feet for his best games?
Few players in basketball history have possessed the natural ability to score like Michael Jordan. In fact, Jordan retired as the league's all-time points-per-game leader, edging out Wilt Chamberlain with an average of 30.1.
Most of Jordan's best scoring performance took place early in his career, when the championship era Bulls had not yet taken shape and the team relied a little more on his knack for getting buckets. Today marks the anniversary of two of his most memorable outings.
On March 28, 1990, Jordan rung up the rival Cleveland Cavaliers for a career-high 69 points at Richfield Coliseum. The Bulls needed every one of those points, as they edged out the Cavs 117-113 in overtime. After the game, a young Jordan said, "This would have to be my greatest game. When I scored 63 against Boston, we lost. It sure feels a lot better."
Five years later and fresh off his baseball hiatus, Jordan dropped his famous "Double Nickel" against another one of his biggest adversaries—the New York Knicks. Scoring 50+ in any situation is impressive, but Jordan at that point had only played four games since returning to the NBA. Needless to say, that was a special day for Jordan.
As a testament to his greatness, the 55 at MSG doesn't even crack his 10 best scoring performances. The games that do, and the Air Jordan sneakers he wore in them, are listed below.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.723318
Retrieved Text: Jordan Rodgers says he didn't go on 'The Bachelorette' to get famous like his brother.
Jordan Rodgers proposed to JoJo Fletcher in the season finale of The Bachelorette this past week. Jordan is the brother of NFL star Aaron Rodgers and he opened up about his past in the NFL as a quarterback when he was getting to know JoJo. Even though she was open to listening to his past struggles, many people felt that Jordan was only on the show to regain his fame and get attention. Maybe he felt that he had lived in his brother’s spotlight for too long.
According to a new report, Jordan Rodgers is now speaking out against the rumors that he was using Fletcher to get famous and get attention.
These days, he’s working as a sportscaster on ESPN and despite getting this job prior to him going on The Bachelorette, people seemed to think that this came after his stint on the show.
It’s no secret that Fletcher and Rodgers have been the subject of many reports and false rumors. They have both dealt with reports in regards to cheating and ex-girlfriends and ex-boyfriends. But Jordan admits that these accusations hurt a lot.
“It hurts because judgment and integrity are things that you build and try to maintain over a lifetime, and it just takes one person [saying something] out of malice that makes news,” Jordan recently revealed to PEOPLE magazine, according to Wetpaint Entertainment.
Since Rodgers is the brother of NFL quarterback Aaron Rodgers, many people may assume that he has plenty of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.705177
Retrieved Text: One of the main premises of Earth Ethics is that we need a new set of “values” to deal with our current set of problems… and some of these problems are ancient.
Recently young student scholars from the Middle East partcipated in a US funded five-week program to help young people from the Middle East deal with environmental problems. Just under twenty students from Gaza, Jordan and the West Bank travelled to America to learn about the US environmental movement and ways to build leadership on the issue in their own countries.
Green leadership in the volatile Middle East is documented in a very encouraging website called Greenprophet, that shows by working together to solve our common environmental problems, humanity can overcome many of the issues that divide us; including race, religion, ethnicity etc.
One of the most widely distributed photographic images in existence, The Blue Marble is a famous photograph of the Earth, taken on December 7, 1972, by the crew of the Apollo 17 . The image is one of the few to show a fully illuminated Earth, as the astronauts had the Sun behind them when they took the image. To the astronauts, Earth had the appearance of a glass marble, hence the name.
Since that iconic photograph was taken a global consciousness has emerged that states, to solve our global problems –internationally as well locally- humanity needs to work together.
Green Prophet’s Eco-Heros of 2011 include both men and women from countries including United Arab Emirates, Israel, Qatar, Egypt, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.655312
Retrieved Text: NEW ORLEANS (WVUE) - In a follow up to a FOX 8 Defenders investigation, we talked to an alleged victim who says she had her identification was stolen from Ochsner hospital.
While the hospital won’t confirm the name of the possible employee that may have been involved, court documents shed more light on the case.
In 2017, Ochsner health system sent a letter to some patients after federal investigators contacted the hospital. The hospital warned the patients their personal information may have been compromised by a former Ochsner employee in the billing department.
Ochsner has not named that employee, but an alleged victim in this case told Fox 8 she learned the identity of the suspect after receiving notification from both the IRS and the Department of Justice on the progress of the case.
Fox 8 found federal court documents out of Texas matching the names of two co-defendants the alleged victim was given: Maegan Jordan and Demetrice Hodges.
Documents outline how Jordan, through her employment, took peoples' names, social security numbers and dates of birth sometime from 2011 through 2014.
Investigators said Jordan then sold that information to Hodges, and Hodges then used the information to file false tax returns and had the money deposited into an account.
Jordan pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire fraud in federal court in August 2017. The next day, investigators indicted Hodges with aggravated identity theft and other federal charges. Hodges pleaded guilty in May of this year. As of Wednesday (Nov. 7), Hodges has yet to be sentenced.
Kemberley Washington, a CPA, said when it

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.591927
Retrieved Text: SALT LAKE CITY — If you think new basketball shoes are expensive nowadays, just try buying a pair autographed and game-worn by Michael Jordan.
That’s actually a possibility for the next day or so.
It might cost you a cool $15,000 or so, though.
A former Utah Jazz ball boy is hoping to get that much, at least. Alex Rodriguez is auctioning off a pair of Air Jordan VII “Cardinal” shoes that were given to him after the Hall of Famer wore them during a comeback victory at the Delta Center on Feb. 1, 1993.
Rodriguez received the shoes from MJ almost 25 years ago after helping him secure a pair of tickets for that game between the Chicago Bulls and Jazz.
Then a ball boy who serviced the Bulls locker room, Rodriguez explained that Jordan arrived earlier than the rest of his team as usual. The superstar asked him for an extra favor on that day.
Rodriguez generously offered the two tickets he received each game as a job perk.
Jordan went on to score 37 points, including outscoring the Jazz 20-17 in the fourth quarter of Chicago’s 96-92 win. Karl Malone scored 40 points, but Utah couldn't hold onto a 15-point lead in the loss.
“They’ve got a guy who’s capable of taking over the ballgame," Malone said, "and that’s exactly what he did."
“This is probably the biggest win that we have had (that season),” Jordan said that night.
Rodriguez was in the Bulls locker room after the game and remembers reporters asking Jordan about “getting into the zone” to rally his team

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.553843
Retrieved Text: After a group of Student Government representatives sought his removal, Chris Jordan, SG chief of staff, will be monitored by assembly members for compliance with SG policy and behavior.
At the SG meeting Tuesday, Jessica Sherman, external affairs committee chair, announced that there would be a new code of conduct and expectations implemented as a zero-tolerance policy to address the responsibilities and behavior of an executive member.
The announcement came after members of the assembly attempted to remove Jordan from office. A draft of a document, titled “In Support of Chris Jordan’s Removal From Office,” called for his removal, listing reasons behind the assembly’s decision. According to Cameron Crane, College of Natural Sciences representative, the anonymously written document was supported by over 20 assembly members and was intended for internal sharing. Currently, no formal document is required to remove an individual from an appointment.
According to Crane, who said he did not contribute to the document, assembly members had been sharing and contributing to it over the past week.
The document outlines claims of Jordan’s alleged misconduct, which include Jordan’s supposed failure to release interview notes for external and internal positions in April. The document claims his actions were intentional and that he was aware of the rules requiring the notes to be released.
According to the document, Jordan has also “exhibited patterns of bullying and physical aggression.” In addition, it stated Jordan failed to communicate with his agency directors and other UT-related entities, claiming he did not file impact reports and poorly handled a proposed Austin City Council debate.
Jordan’s biggest

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.51426
Retrieved Text: Earlier this year, in London, at the conference “supporting Syria and the region”, the Jordan Compact was developed to support Syrian refugees and their host communities.
We at the World Bank Group are supporting this through a $300 million operation, the first of its kind to improve economic opportunities both for Jordanians and for Syrian refugees. The financing comes from the International Development Association (IDA) and from the newly created Global Concessional Financing Facility. The Facility provides middle-income countries hosting refugees with concessional financing.
Syrian refugees will be able to seek work opportunities and generate revenue for their families, becoming self-reliant rather than solely dependent on humanitarian aid. Having a job can also contribute to restoring a sense of dignity and pride as economic agents in the Jordanian society.
Working will allow Syrian refugees to maintain and improve their skills through on-the-job training, thereby avoiding a lost generation of youth. The skills they will acquire can allow them to rebuild their country when peace and the conditions for their return are in place.
Meanwhile, the Jordanian economy will reap the benefits of having a pool of workers to bring the sort of skills and experience that complement those of Jordanian workers, especially in agriculture and manufacturing.
Moreover, the economy will benefit as Syrian workers spend their income within Jordan, leading to indirect job creation and additional economic growth, thanks to an economic multiplier effect.
More than 25,000 work permits have been issued to Syrian refugees in Jordan and several policy measures have been taken to ease the allocation of work permits. Syrian

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.484304
Retrieved Text: Possibly the teen sensed that one thing huge would definitely occur later on that time. Anyway, moments after Michael Jordan finished his belated break fast on Sunday at a suburban Cleveland resort, the child dashed to claim, of all things, Jordan's hand. ''Look!'' he shouted. ''Michael Jordan's hand!'' The kid waved it at his pals. They stared at the fork, an icon of kinds. ''Michael Jordan consumed with this hand, '' stated the child. The teenager after that looked around furtively, and said, ''i am using it.'' With this, he picked up the fork, stuck it inside the pocket and strolled from the restaurant.
Had the utensil resulted in at a Richfield Coliseum souvenir stay some seven $ hours later, also a Cleveland Cavaliers fan could have compensated big bucks because of it. The fifth and deciding game of Chicago's Eastern Conference first-round show against the Cavs ended up being Michael Jeffrey Jordan's to win in remarkable manner, and that's precisely the style in which he won it.
With Chicago trailing by one-point and also the time clock showing just three moments, Jordan caught an inbounds pass that everyone knew ended up being headed his way and took an attempt that everybody understood he was planning to take. Contributing to the degree of difficulty was the flying as a type of a 6'7" defender, Craig Ehlo, who darkened Jordan's horizon through the right-side for a split second. Not a problem. Jordan merely double-clutched on the 18-foot shot and delivered it rotating toward the hoop with perfect rotation. It

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.462166
Retrieved Text: This year marks the 100-year anniversary that a hunter named John Breen took a great deer in the Minnesota North Woods of Beltrami County. The “Breen Buck” eventually would score 202-0/8 by the Boone & Crockett Club and would be recognized as the first B&C World Record Typical Whitetail Deer. It would hold that title until 1971.
The deer that knocked the Breen Buck from its No. 1 position and would become the next world record typical was taken by a hunter named Jim Jordan. He took his great buck in 1914, four years earlier than the Breen Buck, but for many years the head and antlers had been lost to history. In 1971 they resurfaced and scored 206-1/8 and were declared the new world record typical.
Interestingly, the Jordan Buck was taken along the banks of the Yellow River only a few miles from the Minnesota/Wisconsin border. So there you have it: The first and second world record whitetails taken only four years and just couple hundred miles apart in the great northwoods region of the Upper Midwest.
Crazy coincidence or are there reasons that happened? No one really knows, but there is no doubt that the closeness of these two deer in time and distance fosters comparisons between the two monarchs as well as differing theories – and even a bit of a rivalry – between the deer hunters of the two states.
With this deer hunting history in mind, it seemed inevitable that Michael Sieve, a loyal son of the great state of Minnesota, would team up

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.452524
Retrieved Text: The next generation of the Jordan family is now leading Camp Hill-based Smith Land & Improvement Corp. as part of a family transition plan.
Richard Jordan III, who had been serving as COO of the family-owned real estate and development company, has been named president and CEO, effective immediately.
He has been with the company since 1994 and represents the third generation of Jordans and fourth generation overall to lead the company, which is celebrating 100 years in business.
He replaces his father, Richard Jordan II, who will remain chairman of the company. The elder Jordan had been serving in the three roles since 1992.
Luther B. Smith founded the company in 1918. It now encompasses the commercial real estate corporation and a subsidiary, L.B. Smith Ford Lincoln Inc.
The company recently bought the south side of the 1800 block of Market Street in Camp Hill for redevelopment this year. The properties sit across the street from the company’s headquarters at 1810 Market St.
“These are exciting times to be in land development and to reimagine and redevelop properties for the highest and best use of every asset — our people, new technologies, job growth — and ultimately to strengthen our communities,” the younger Jordan said in a statement.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.442848
Retrieved Text: 1Now when all the nation had finished crossing the Jordan, the LORD spoke to Joshua, saying, 2"Take for yourselves twelve men from the people, one man from each tribe, 3and command them, saying, 'Take up for yourselves twelve stones from here out of the middle of the Jordan, from the place where the priests' feet are standing firm, and carry them over with you and lay them down in the lodging place where you will lodge tonight.'" 4So Joshua called the twelve men whom he had appointed from the sons of Israel, one man from each tribe; 5and Joshua said to them, "Cross again to the ark of the LORD your God into the middle of the Jordan, and each of you take up a stone on his shoulder, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Israel. 6"Let this be a sign among you, so that when your children ask later, saying, 'What do these stones mean to you?' 7then you shall say to them, 'Because the waters of the Jordan were cut off before the ark of the covenant of the LORD; when it crossed the Jordan, the waters of the Jordan were cut off.' So these stones shall become a memorial to the sons of Israel forever."
15Now the LORD said to Joshua, 16"Command the priests who carry the ark of the testimony that they come up from the Jordan." 17So Joshua commanded the priests, saying, "Come up from the Jordan." 18It came about when the priests who carried the ark

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.43871
Retrieved Text: Shivam Patel was a Hindu. Then he converted to Islam — in fact, he became “obsessed with Islam.” And almost immediately he began wanting to kill infidels and plotting mass murder.
The evidence mounts every day: it isn’t about nationality, or ethnicity, or political grievances. It’s Islam that leads to terrorism. But the all-pervasive denial still blankets the enemedia and most of the political establishment.
NEW YORK – An Indian American man, Shivam Patel, 27, of Williamsburg, Virginia, was charged with one count of making materially false statements on applications to join the military as he lied about his trips to China and Jordan on his application to join the U.S. Army and Air Force.
Patel, a Hindu man who converted to Islam a few years ago, said that he wanted to join the “Muslim Army” and commit a peaceful jihad explaining that he went to Jordan to find like-minded people but ended up getting arrested there and deported back to the U.S.
According to The Virginian Pilot, an affidavit unsealed on Thursday in the U.S. District Court said that before going to Jordan, Patel had flown to China in July last year to teach English but instead completely covered up the whole matter saying that he had not been out of the country in seven years except for a family trip to India in 2011-2012….
Patel’s parents told the FBI that he had become “obsessed with Islam” when they found out that he had been captured in Jordan.
After investigators searched Patel’s room and computers, with his parents’ permission, they found

================



======= Instance Index 31428 =========
Input Text: Context: according to the article Lee took the class.

Question: How would Lee feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: hungry in class

B: great taking the class

C: hate ful

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.274117
Retrieved Text: “It’s a quarter-ton runt with a mechanical heart and a steady constitution; it has more speed than a backfield full of All-Americans; it can climb mountains; it can fly; it can swim; it can jitterbug across rough terrain at 50 miles an hour, hauling four armed soldiers and a 37 mm gun with the same ease a hound dog carries fleas, and it is the first silk stockingless subject to enter a conversation whenever two or more Army men get together.
Harry Payne was a promoter and consultant. His job was to obtain business for companies. Col W. F. Lee was a career Army man working for the Chief of Infantry. One of his jobs was to help develop a light vehicle for Infantry use.
The man that should know the most about their involvement with what would become the jeep is Major General George A. Lynch. He said the Infantry needed the jeep before it was every known as the jeep. It was under his leadership that specifications were drawn up. The article by John Chapman says that Harry Payne came calling in the halls of the Infantry and met with Col Lee and MG Lynch. He first arrived on June 5, 1940, to investigate rumors of a contract being let to build quantities of the ‘Howie Carriers’. Mr. Payne had said that the Chief of Staff was interested in the carriers. But the Chief of Infantry was not interested in that vehicle. After a couple of days of discussion, it became clear to Payne that the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.325523
Retrieved Text: If you thought Roxette play only well-known +20-year-old songs, so you’re wrong. On the night like that, September 4 in Boston, Per came up with a totally new music line and lyrics for “Joyride” album hidden classic – “Things will never be the same”, making Marie singing acapella through some parts of the song.
Polish edition of the popular-science monthly magazine Focus has recently published very interesting article on the invension of the WWW. On Friday May 17th 1991 the meeting of several people took place in the CERN – the European Organization for Nuclear Research in Geneva, Switzerland. This time the meeting was devoted to communication system between different computers (yes, it was all about internet). The meeting was attended by e.g. Julian Brunon, David Williams, Timothy Berners-Lee and last but certainly not least Judy Richards, who according to the article was humming Roxette’s “Things will never be the same” from the newly released “Joyride” album during the entire conference. On this very meeting Timothy Berners-Lee, British physicits, showed effects of his 2-year work on something which he and his Belgian computer scientist colleague Robert Cailliau named as the World Wide Web. The first website built was at CERN and was first put online on August 6th 1991.
Thanks to Kamilla Lehman of roxette.pl Facebook page for this information.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.149557
Retrieved Text: It is very much interesting to note how people live in different societies. Each society and community tend to behave in a particular way that is peculiar to them. Perhaps, this is the reasons why one tends to take time before picking up well in any new environment. The article “Eating Christmas in the Kalahari’ makes it crystal clear that people who live at a particular place tend to share very many values. Thus, it is these common values that shape the way they live, think, and interact with one another in various occasions. Below there are some of the concepts to explain the same.
In most societies, there are elements of stratification. This is to say that a particular group would then tend to be in their own sphere or circle. Often, this would be between the rich and the poor. However, there are also cases when there is a division between people of different races or even tribes. In such cases, the group values must be different. Lee (1969), in his article, underscores the existence of stratification between the Whiteman (/ontah) and the Bushmen. The two resided in different camps. It is for this reason that ontah takes even longer to know their values and ways of instilling humility in the community that is belittling one’s efforts by their negative talks of one’s success.
Communism and capitalism are yet other values that mark cultural diversity. A society or a group that values communism tends to do their things together. To some extent, a group think takes

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.120378
Retrieved Text: Shanghai: They found the body hanging on the third floor of the Lee Der toy factory in Foshan, in southern China.
Zhang Shuhong, a 52-year-old businessman, had apparently committed suicide, just days after Mattel Inc. blamed his company, Lee Der Industrial Co. Ltd, for the recall of one million toys coated in toxic lead paint.
In a summer of high-profile recalls of Chinese exports—pet food, shellfish, tyres—Zhang’s suicide read like the latest twist in a morality play. Each week, it seemed, brought news of another faulty Chinese product; and with it, growing concerns about unscrupulous Chinese businessmen: cutting corners; pouring cheap, sometimes lethal, ingredients into their products; endangering consumers around the world, even children, to make a bigger profit.
But at the Lee Der factory in Foshan, an industrial city 140 miles (225km) north-west of Hong Kong, Zhang’s colleagues and workers tell a less familiar narrative. They say that Zhang was a victim, too—of his own duplicitous suppliers, of China’s faulty supply chains, and of the pressures of its loosely regulated brand of capitalism, where Chinese entrepreneurs feel squeezed between Western companies’ appetite for cheap goods and the fierce local competition to satisfy it.
Unmarried and reportedly devoted to his company, Zhang was one of the hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs who had helped make China into the world’s factory floor, providing the inexpensive goods that fill the shelves of Wal-Mart and Target. According to those who knew him, he was anything, but greedy. In fact, in an industry with a reputation for mistreating its workers, he paid his employees

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.994808
Retrieved Text: The latest issue of Significance is now available to read on Wiley Online Library.
Nancy Cook, co-author of the US Institute of Medicine’s controversial report on the effects of low sodium intake on health provides some background and perspective on the report’s conclusions, in her article ‘Salt: How much less should we eat for health?’. The report, which was released in May, supported a population-wide lowering of sodium intake from the current average, but did not lend support to general dietary guidelines that have been in place since 2005.
Andrew Rushby asks how representative our discovered samples of extrasolar planets are and whether any Earth-like planets are likely to be found close enough for us to signal them in his article ‘A multiplicity of worlds: Other habitable planets’.
In Britain in 2004, cannabis was reclassified from a class B drug to a less serious class C. In 2008, it was reclassified back to class B. In light of the states of Washington and Colorado passing laws on legalising the recreational use of cannabis from 2014, Ian Hamilton from the University of York looks at the impact these reclassifications have had on the UK’s mental health in his article ‘The cannabis class’.
In ‘Emily Dickinson and monkeys on the stair’, Mark Kelly from Cardiff University asks what the significance of the 5% significance level is.
Read about statistical communication in Significance Editor Julian Champkin’s interview with Lord Krebs in ‘A life in statistics’. Amongst other things, Julian asks what it’s like to have a Nobel prize winner for a father, and how

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.980291
Retrieved Text: The Lee Bros. Southern Cookbook, a six hundred page cookbook, created by Matt and Ted Lee Brothers was just published according to The Daily Dispatch. The Lee Brothers spent most of their â€œserious growing upâ€ in Charleston & the cookbook has recipes for Sweet Potato Buttermilk Pie, Boiled Peanuts, Sorghum Swirl Ice Cream, Brunswick Stew, Lady Baltimore Cake and more.
This particular article has the recipes for Sweet Potato Buttermilk Pie, Ham Relish and Slab Bacon and Cheddar Cheese Broiled Grits.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.914232
Retrieved Text: The first annual all day singing was held at Hoboken School Auditorium on Saturday before the third Sunday in December. The class was called to order at 9:05 AM by Clarke Lee and David Lee leading 106. A welcome address was given by David Lee. The class then sang the scales. David Lee and Clarke Lee led song on page 447t and walked time. The morning prayer was offered by John Bayer. David Lee and Clarke Lee led 99, walking time. Julie Lee and Kathy Lee led 159 and 36b.
Leaders called: Rodney Carter 571; Jason Deal 58; Carole Timins 559; Janine Smith 340; Emmie Lou Grayson 77t; Joe Todd 337; Kathryn Keller 348t; Winston Jones 553b; Kit Pfau 48t; Jesse Roberts 230; Aubrey Barfield 522.
David Lee brought the class back together leading 76b. Leaders were: Lee Rogers 501; Hannah Roberts 405; Bob Bonnell 87; Melanie Hauff 436b; Thurman Nall 38t; Eugene Hickox 283t; Carla Smith 156. By special request, Silas and Elvera Lee came to the center of the square and led 53, 49b, and 75 with David and Clarke Lee. Norma Latham 54t; Mike Jones 395b.
David Lee brought the class back together leading song on page 274t. Leaders: Bryant Lee 104; Steven Levine 518; Joan Aldridge 515; Ashley Roberts 140; Keith Willard 32t. By special request of John Bayer, David and Clarke Lee took John’s two sons, Jubal and Hans, and led 392. S.T. Reed 497; Cassie Franklin 567; Ted Johnson 89; Joseph Lee 155; Liz Bryant 270; Bill Aplin 444t; Kathy Wallace 148; Ronnie

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.91204
Retrieved Text: Home / Announcements / Apple iOS / Rumors / Apple hires former LG OLED specialist for Rumored Apple TV?
Apple hires former LG OLED specialist for Rumored Apple TV?
According to the VERGE, apple has hired an OLED specialist, Jame Lee, who’s currently working at LG in the OLED research center. Lee worked in Samsung, LG and Cambridge Display Technology before. Being the core member of LG’s television development team, Lee is a very key character in leading the research. Although rumors point to possible products like Apple TV associated with this staff movement in Cupertino, there are still some thoughts with regard to Apple wanting to develop its own technology rather than relying on third party suppliers.
« Previous Article Samsung Galaxy S4 mini and Samsung smart watch confirmed along with Samsung Galaxy S4?
Next Article » Android version whatsapp to have a new interface.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.874231
Retrieved Text: FORT MADISON – A sitting Fort Madison city councilman has been charged with a class C felony drug charge and was taken into custody today.
Travis Seidel, who represents Fort Madison’s 3rd ward, was arrested by the Lee County Narcotics Task Force Friday and charged with two counts of distributing hydromorphone, also known as Dilaudid, Hydrostat, Palladone, Dillies, hospital heroin, within 1000 feet of a school.
The charge is a Class C felony with an enhancement. If convicted Seidel could face up to 15 years in a state correctional facility.
According to a release from the task force, the arrest stems from an investigation by the task force into allegations that he was involved in the distribution of controlled substances in the Lee County area.
Mayor Brad Randolph said he was as disappointed as he was shocked.
“I just found out about an hour ago and my initial reaction is that I’m equally disappointed and shocked. It’s unfortunate, and he’s innocent until proven guilty, but I need to get all the relevant information and have a sit down with city staff and the council, and reach out to Travis and see what his thoughts are and after that go down a path that is best for the city,” Randolph said Friday afternoon.
City Manager David Varley said a city code doesn’t make the arrest an automatic removal.
According to the Lee County Sheriff’s office Seidel was arrested by law enforcement Friday morning at his home and was taken to the Lee County Jail, where he was given a pre-trial release.
The Lee County Attorney’s

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.8582
Retrieved Text: Certification of class action claims with respect to an alleged conspiracy involving heavy truck manufacturers and transmission manufacturer Eaton Corporation were properly rejected, the U.S. Court of Appeals in Philadelphia has ruled. The complaining truck purchasers failed to demonstrate that class-wide evidence could prove antitrust impact, and they did not establish that common questions will predominate. However, dismissal of the individual claims was vacated because the lower court improperly ruled that there was no case or controversy as required by Article III of the Constitution (In re Class 8 Transmission Indirect Purchaser Antitrust Litigation, February 9, 2017, Greenaway, J.).
Class certification. The appellate court agreed that certification under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 was properly denied. The truck purchasers alleged a conspiracy among manufacturers of heavy-duty trucks and Eaton to maintain Eaton’s monopoly in the heavy-duty truck transmissions market. According to the plaintiffs, the truck makers entered into "de facto exclusive dealing" agreements with Eaton under which they received lucrative loyalty rebates. These agreements were purportedly part of a conspiracy to foreclose a transmissions manufacturer competitor—ZF Meritor—who had separately sued Eaton for antitrust violations and prevailed. As a result of the alleged conspiracy, the purchasers claimed that they paid supra-competitive prices for Class 8 trucks and therefore the transmissions.
According to the district court, the plaintiffs failed to establish the threshold Rule 23(b)(3) predominance requirement that common evidence could prove that all or nearly all of the proposed class members, who were indirect purchasers of the transmissions, paid a higher price than they would have absent the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.686474
Retrieved Text: 50th class reunion for the class of 1959. took place on September 25th & 26 th of 2009.
A great time was had at the class of 1959 50th Reunion in Cedar Falls, Iowa. Donna McVey Gray took and received photo's from other class members and these pictures can be seen on the five pages.
Beautiful pictures of some very special people.
Below is the beginning of the class of 1959 50th Reunion on 25 Sept 09. The class met at CFHS and climbed aboard two school buses that took us to the UNI dome to the CF Homecoming game which we won, of course , 34-12 against Dubuque.
Below LtoR: Waiting to load up and chatting Bob Jensen looking left, Karen Brennan, John Brennan, and Lee Mickey.
Too many people to name...You guess.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.658155
Retrieved Text: “The better question [isn’t self-interest, but] whether Asian Americans are willing to recognize our ethnic and class diversity."
“The better question [isn’t self-interest, but] whether Asian Americans are willing to recognize our ethnic and class diversity,” Lee said. “Not all Asian ethnic groups are highly educated and high-achieving; in fact, most aren't. For those who face ethnic and class disadvantages, including Cambodian-, Laotian-, and Hmong-Americans, affirmative action policies will help. It will also help high-achieving groups like Chinese-, Indian-, and Korean-Americans to experience racial and ethnic diversity and better prepare them to work in diverse workplaces."
Lee and Zhou's book was cited in an October op-ed by New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof that some Asian Americans criticized for promoting a new version of the “model minority” idea. Lee, who doesn’t buy into that stereotype, wrote a rebuttal for CNN in response to Kristof's column.
Whether affirmative action survives another test at the Supreme Court, schools are recognizing on their own the importance of more traditional capital in diversity efforts. In November, Yale and Brown both made commitments to diversity on their campuses. Yale said it will devote $50 million to retaining and recruiting a diverse faculty, and Brown said it would spend $100 million.
Correction: An earlier version of this article suggested that 69 percent of all Asian Americans supported affirmative action. The National Asian American Survey data cited by Jennifer Lee refers specifically to registered California voters.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.519398
Retrieved Text: Investment banking has long been thought to be an industry where automation would have a tough time replacing human workers.
But Goldman Sachs has found a way to streamline IPOs — one of its most lucrative businesses — by automating some of the most repetitive and labor-intensive tasks.
According to a new report by Bloomberg, roughly half of the steps that Goldman Sachs investments bankers go through during an IPO have been automated, eliminating thousands of human work hours.
The program, called Deal Link, is used to deal with legal and compliance reviews, fill in forms and generate reports. It was started by George Lee, the chief information officer for Goldman Sachs's investment-banking division.
"In the beginning, Lee and his team took aim at the most obvious steps for disruption: the routine phone calls, emails and tasks that young bankers plow through at the beginning of every IPO. That included phoning the compliance department to look for potential conflicts, contacting legal to assign lawyers and compiling an organizational book for meetings.
Now that's all done with the click of a mouse in the new application, which features a step-by-step guide replacing ad hoc training materials and word-of-mouth advice."
Even with all the tasks that the program has eliminated for human bankers, the firm's hiring has been unaffected. Instead, the program has freed up bankers to talk more with clients and reduced the workload for junior bankers so they can work on more satisfying tasks.
Read Bloomberg's full article on Goldman Sachs's strides in the use of automation here.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.436306
Retrieved Text: Last month, “Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta” star Tommie Lee promised to make a change after spending more than a month behind bars for violating probation in her DUI case. But now, less than a month after her release, the reality star has been slapped with new charges, stemming from the child abuse incident involving one of her daughters.
According to TMZ, Lee was booked for battery, aggravated assault, and child cruelty after she allegedly slammed her child into a school locker. The next morning, Lee was released and ordered to stay away from her daughter, until further notice.
But, just three hours later, Lee reportedly violated the order and was slapped in cuffs by the end of the night. Now, three months after the incident, Lee is facing charges.
According to TMZ, the reality star has been indicted on multiple child abuse charges, three of which are felonies, after she allegedly disrupted her daughter’s middle school class, slapped her in the face, dragged her down the hall by her hair and slammed her into a metal locker.
Lee faces seven charges in total, and if convicted sources say the reality star could face up to 54 years in prison.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.413658
Retrieved Text: If you missed Lee Wei Ling's article in The Sunday Star 12 August, click on the link below to read it. The article first appeared in The Sunday Times, 5 August.
A rather interesting account of how her father, Lee Kuan Yew, former PM of Singapore, instilled frugal habits in the children. The examples she gives of her father's abhorrence of wastage come across closer to austerity than frugality. I wonder if her brothers practise the same degree of frugality.
"I GREW up in a middle-class family. Though they were well-off, my parents trained my brothers and me to be frugal from young. We had to turn off water taps completely. If my parents found a dripping tap, we would get a ticking off. And when we left a room, we had to switch off lights and air-conditioners.
Isn't this taking frugality to the extreme?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.372332
Retrieved Text: At USPSA Area 1, Justine Williams claimed the High Lady price and top B class honors in the Production Division, while Jalise earned High Junior and top B class shooter in Single-Stack.
Justine and Jalise Williams, Springfield Armory‘s youngest shooters at just 12 and 13 years of age, respectively, continued their run of success at Berry’s USPSA Area 1 Championships, which took place at the Lee Kay Public Shooting Center outside of Salt Lake City, Utah May 11 through 15, 2016.
According to the press release, this USPSA event, hosted by the Salt Lake Practical Shooters Association and sponsored by bullet maker Berry’s Manufacturing, featured 16 stages and included the participation of over 400 competitors who ran through the course with its 375 minimum round count.
Justine Williams used her Springfield Armory® XD(M) 5.25 Competition Model to claim the High Lady prize and top B class honors in the Production Division, while Jalise competed with her Springfield Armory® 1911 A-1 Professional 9mm to earn High Junior and top B class shooter in Single-Stack Division.
As the press release notes, with competitors running, gunning and engaging targets like steel poppers, swingers and metric paper and an average minimum round count per stage exceeding 23, planning is of the essence.
Next up, the sisters — coached by Glen Wong and mentored by Team Springfield Captain Rob Leatham — are set to compete at the 2016 USPSA Hornady Area 3 Championships scheduled to take place July 28-31, 2016 in Grand Island, Nebraska.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.330261
Retrieved Text: Covington Magazine had a great article about the history of the Barker's Corner business community a few years back.
CLICK HERE for a link to the PDF file of the article.
Barker's Corner is the intersection of La. Hwy. 437 (Lee Road) and Hwy. 40 (The Bush Folsom Road). It is located about seven miles north of Covington and is home to Lee Road Junior High School.
The school celebrated its 50th Anniversary in 1991, and its 75th anniversary on Thursday, October 13, 2016. CLICK HERE for pictures of that event, as well as links to many photo albums of pictures across the years.
Here is a link to the school's 50th anniversary program held in 1991 (a PDF file) and the associated history of the school.
Here are some images of the Lee Road School. Click on the images to make them larger.
The construction of Lee Road School in the late 1930's.
Below is a pictorial map of Barker's Corner I drew in 1984.
An aerial photograph I took of Lee Road School in 1975.
An aerial photograph of Barker's Corner in 1975 looking northward. A higher resolution version of the above photograph is available by clicking on THIS LINK.
To view the same area today, CLICK HERE on this link.
You might also enjoy reading the names of all the 4-H Club members back in 1931. Below is the link to that blog post.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.277456
Retrieved Text: Anthony Clark was born in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, in 1739. He emigrated to the United States about 1752 according to our best estimates, most likely to Pennsylvania. It was there that he met and married Mary Elizabeth Oates on 3 November 1774 in Mercersburg, Franklin County. They emigrated to Lincoln County, North Carolina, after their first child was born in 1775. It was there that Mary died, apparently during the birth of their ninth child, Fannie. Anthony married Susannah McClure about 1803; they had three children. Prior to 1820, they relocated to Bedford County, Tennessee. Anthony Clark died there in 1827 where he was buried in the Clark Cemetery, near Bell Buckle, Tennessee. Some of the descendants who recently found the burial ground unattended have begun a project to restore the cemetery and preserve this history.
Clark family home near Bell Buckle, Tennessee.
Documented on this site is the data compiled on their descendants, dispersed throughout the United States. It is not complete, nor is it all verified. Your contributions to correct any errors or add to the record will be Appreciated. Names of living persons are intentionally blanked out to protect privacy.
The Clark Family , The Millers of Millersburg and Their Descendants, with kindred families of Miller, McGee, Jameson, Read, Scott Wyatt Donnelly, White, Washington, Blackwell, Smith, Mayfield, Johnson, Kuykendall, Beene, Sadler, Clark, Woodfin, Whiteside and Myers Part I. Genealogies; Author: John Bailey Calvert Nicklin, Gustavus Hindman Miller Publisher: [Nashville, Brandon Printing Co.] 1923. An extract which covers the Clark Family.
Rufus Anthony Clark , A History

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.222195
Retrieved Text: The Panama City Beach Police department has arrested one suspect and is searching for another in a home invasion that took place about 3 a.m. Thursday.
PANAMA CITY BEACH -- The Panama City Beach Police Department has arrested two suspects accused of a home invasion that took place about 3 a.m. Thursday.
According to a news release, two armed men entered an unlocked room at the Summit condominiums and held several people hostage while they ransacked the room for valuables.
The suspects put the victims in a closet, told them not to leave and after searching another room in the condo left the area. After a 911 call, police were given descriptions of the suspects and they quickly located Jarline Deandre Lee, according to the news release.
Lee, 18, of Anniston, Ala., matched the description and had some of the stolen items and the weapons used in the robbery in his possession, police wrote. He was charged with armed home invasion robbery.
Later Thursday, police arrested Aaron Joseph Wilkinson, 18, of Glencoa, Ala., after locating him in a room at the Summit.
According to a news release two armed men entered an unlocked room at the Summit condominiums and held several people hostage while they ransacked the room for valuables.
The suspects put the victims in a closet, told them not to leave and after searching another room in the condo left the area. After a 911 call police were given descriptions of the suspects and they quickly located Jarline Deandre Lee, according to the news release.
Lee, 18, of Anniston, Ala., matched the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.199528
Retrieved Text: Morehouse Anounces It's 1st LGBT History Course… To Be Taught On Skype?
Morehouse President Dr. Robert M. Franklin told the world he was putting a stop to homophobia across the historic black college campus when he took office in 2009. And, I’ll say this is a major move for his legacy. Well, kind of.
According to student paper The Maroon Tiger “The History and Culture of Black LGBT” is now taking enrollment for next semester.
The idea came to fruition when [gay/straight alliance and student advocacy group SafeSpace] Special Project and Events Coordinator Marcus Lee partnered with Yale University professor Dr. Jafari S. Allen to pitch the project. Allen focuses on the intersections of queer sexuality, gender and blackness. “He’s very interested in gender non-conformity among colored people, and I’m interested in that as well,” Lee said. Allen [will] teach the class via Skype.
The course is expected to outline various key concepts in Black feminism and critical cultural theory and methodology. Described as “an interdisciplinary survey of Black lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) culture and politics” in the course’s syllabus, the class will serve as an in-depth look into critical, social and cultural theory that will vastly benefit the Morehouse community.
SafeSpace’s Public Relations Director Ja’Mal Lewis believes that this course will finally shine light on the LGBT figures that have been overlooked throughout history. “Many influential LGBT leaders have gone unrecorded due to their sexuality, and they made many of the movements that changed and shaped our history,” Lewis said.
Understanding the greatness of this course announcement is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.123215
Retrieved Text: Wiscombe Park in Devon hosted rounds 21 and 22 of the Avon Tyres TTC Group MSA British Hillclimb Championship and rounds 15 and 16 of the Hillclimb Leaders Championship at the weekend.
Saturday's weather wasn't particularly conducive to motorsport, with heavy rainfall leading to tricky conditions during practice for both championships. Fortunately there was no rain on Sunday and with the track drying during morning practice, there was some pretty quick running throughout the day.
Harry Pick was a newcomer to the venue and cautiously improved his times with each run as the conditions improved. The 2000v driver held off the competition to finish fourth overall in the 1100cc racing car class. He also scored valuable Leaders points to put him clear of Steve Owen and Simon Fidoe at the top of the class points table. Harry's run times 38.97s and 37.94s left him 14th fastest each time and just outside of qualifying for rounds 21 and 22 in the British Championship run offs.
The 1600cc racing car class was a lockout with BHC runners Spedding, Gould and Hollier taking the top three places. Neal Coles finished fourth ahead of Peter D Smith.
Following his class win at Gurston Down the previous weekend, Terry Davis couldn't quite match the pace of Jonathan Varley who took overall first in class with Terry second and Trish Davis third; Tim Elmer was fourth and Geoff Guille fifth.
Lee Griffiths had another good result with his turbo charged OMS 25, finishing second overall in class to Paul Haimes and ahead of Kelvin Broad in third.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.101984
Retrieved Text: Passengers flying on Lufthansa first class and business class flights from Germany to nearly 200 international destinations enjoy gourmet in-flight meals prepared by celebrity cooks.
Lufthansa inflight meal service, since 2005, has included regional foods on flights to Germany from the USA, China, Japan, Singapore and India. The expanded Star Chefs program features airline meals prepared by top chefs. Every two months, a new celebrity chef creates Lufthansa inflight menus.
Famous chefs who have created Lufthansa menus include Paul Bocuse, from Lyon, France, Daniel Boulud and David Bouley, from New York, Thomas Keller, from Napa Valley, California, Harald Wohlfahrt, from Baiersbronn in the Black Forest region of Germany, Dieter Muller, from Bergisch Gladbach, near Cologne, Germany, and Frank Zlomke, from Paarl, South Africa.
Examples of dishes prepared by top chefs for long-haul passengers on Lufthansa first class and business class flights: saddle of venison in herb crepes with mountain pepper sauce, halibut in shellfish stock with shrimp soufflé on couscous, with kaffir lime sauce, and seasoned tuna fish slices with fruit chutney.
The first Canadian celebrity chef to create first class and business class inflight menus for the Lufthansa Star Chefs program is Susur Lee. Owner of the top-notch Madeline's and Lee restaurants, in Toronto, and highly acclaimed Shang, at the Thompson LES Hotel, in New York City, Susur Lee is one of "the hottest chefs alive," according to Food & Wine.
For Lufthansa first class flight menus, Susur Lee created appetizers like poached lobster with yuzu mustard dressing and pickled ginger and a frisee, radicchio and lamb's lettuce salad with

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.04692
Retrieved Text: Officials said personal information of 1.5 million patients in Singapore were accessed by hackers in the "most serious breach" in the nation's history.
France marked Bastille Day on Saturday with a military parade, an appearance by the president and an aeronautical flub.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un took a nighttime tour of Singapore's waterfront area on Monday, the eve of his summit with U.S. President Donald Trump.
President Donald Trump's administration expressed new optimism Monday toward the historic summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un flew into Singapore at separate airports Sunday, two days ahead of their historic summit.
The children of deceased Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew said they accepted an offer to settle a dispute.
S.R. Nathan, who was Singapore's longest-serving president until 2011, died Monday at age of 92 after having a stroke on July 31.
Two hours into a speech at a National Day Rally, Singapore's prime minister suddenly stopped speaking and slouched over his lectern, giving the country a scare.
Singapore PM Lee Hsien Loong met with U.S. President Obama, agreeing to strengthen economic ties while pushing for the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
A Singaporean teenager has been arrested for uploading an eight-minute video that slams former Singapore Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew and attacks Christian views.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and several Communist Party officials received a 62 percent pay increase to their salary.
Chinese President Xi Jinping signed an agreement Sunday with Russian President Vladimir Putin that will open a second route for supplying Russian natural gas to China.
Singapore

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.043129
Retrieved Text: The campaign of Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee disbursed nearly $10,000 of its funds for Super Bowl LI tickets, according to Federal Election Commission filings.
This year’s Super Bowl between the Atlanta Falcons and New England Patriots, which took place on Feb. 5, was held at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas. Jackson Lee represents Texas’s 18th Congressional District, which includes most of the central Houston area.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.017807
Retrieved Text: Friday in Columbus, Mt. Paran clinched its seventh-straight Class A-Private state title, and Class A-Public state champion Gordon Lee clinched its third-straight. The COED state title was won by Mill Creek for the first time and last year’s state champion, Milton, placed second.
Saturday’s championship action crowned the state champs in Class AA-AAAAAAA. In Class AAAAAAA, defending state champion South Forsyth placed second behind Lambert, which added its fifth state title in the last seven seasons.
Northgate took the Class AAAAAA title for its fourth straight, and ninth all-time. Carrollton defended its Class AAAAA title for back-to-back state championships, and its seventh all-time.
In Class AAAA, first-year program Denmark placed second behind four-time state champion Cartersville, and Pierce County took the Class AAA title for its fourth-straight, and sixth in seven years.
Armuchee held off rival Coosa for its second-straight Class AA championship, and third since 2014.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.013779
Retrieved Text: Wednesday afternoon, APD released a photo of Lee asking for information regarding her connection with the incidents.
On Jan. 19, APD and the UT Police Department responded to a report of an off-campus robbery on San Antonio Street, almost immediately followed by a robbery of the Subway in Dobie Mall. At the time, the suspect was described as being in her 30s or 40s, wearing a black coat and a black ski mask.
According to a KXAN article, Lee was also wanted in connection to the robbery of a Subway on Feb. 2 on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.009964
Retrieved Text: Lee cada una de las siguientes oraciones y complétalas eligiendo "a" o "an", según el caso. Si crees que el artículo no es necesario, selecciona la opción "no article".
1. The boy was riding a an no article bicycle.
2. I need a an no article information on the English course.
3. I'd like a an no article egg for my breakfast.
4. Do you take a an no article cream in your coffee?
5. Can you lend me a an no article pound?
6. She lost a an no article money on the stock exchange.
7. He has to have a an no article operation on his back.
8. She needed to have a an no article blood transfusion.
9. I took a an no article photograph of the family.
10. She likes to study a an no article grammar.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.970343
Retrieved Text: Harley-Davidson's image is a big man on his Fat Boy motorcycle, but the company that turns 100 this year wants to get more women riding--and not on back either.
This goal led Milwaukee-based Harley-Davidson to design Rider's Edge, a Motorcycle 101 class launched in 2000. Students learn on a Blast, a smaller bike put out by Harley subsidiary Buell Motorcycle Co. The class focus is on learning to ride safely, but it also includes tips on servicing and buying gear.
The program appears to be working. Although 92 percent of Harleys are bought by men, with an average age of 45, Rider's Edge classes are 42 percent women with a third of all participants between the ages of 18 and 34.
"It provides that entry point for [beginners] who might feel uncomfortable entering a dealership," says Lara Lee, who helped develop and launch Rider's Edge and served as its first director, a position she left in February.
"I was one of those people who aspired to ride a motorcycle from afar for a long time," Lee said. But until she met someone who rode, she never did anything about it.
"The psychological hurdles [for women] might be a little different, but in reality the barriers are the same," Lee said.
Harley hopes to break down some of those barriers. But finding a Rider's Edge class won't be easy for everyone. Classes are available in only 29 states, including Illinois. Two dealerships in Berwyn and Villa Park offer the class.
Still, the program is proving popular. In 2000, 925 people took the Rider's Edge

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.966253
Retrieved Text: Looks like Jamie Lee Curtis cannot get a break! Recently, Blumhouse announced a ‘Halloween’ sequel, but there was little news on the topic of Jamie Lee Curtis returning. According to an article on ScreenRant, Blumhouse is looking at Scott Teems to write the ‘Halloween’ sequel. Teems, was also the writer for two Stephen King adaptations for his novels Firestarter and The Breathing Method.
The article also states information attained by Collider, the sequel’s three leading ladies, Jamie Lee Curtis, Judy Geer, and Andi Matichak, are all set to return. The only issue concerning Curtis’s return is her statement that she would only return if they had an adequate creative team. Considering, the latest ‘Halloween’ sequel raked in $253 million at the worldwide box office, it shows the fandom never died. The report also states Jason Blum will be heavily involved, and Gordon Green and Danny McBride are expected to executive produce.
No other news or statements were reported. Just get ready to return to theaters to dig your nails into the arms of the chairs once again. This next movie might finally be the one where he finishes off his family tree! Stay tuned to GoreNMore for more news and updates on your favorite murders and psychopaths.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.964146
Retrieved Text: Take a moment to read some of the wonderful newspaper articles written about different aspects of the Holiday Helper Program. This is a unique program with many heartfelt moments of inspiration, kindness and making a difference!
First Lady Maureen McDonnell Volunteers at the Fort Lee Holiday Helper Program - Click the link for an article depicting the 1st Lady of Virginia volunteering at Holiday Helper to work one-on-one with our military members, a show of support and gratefulness for all that they do!
Virginia State University athletic students and VSU Foundation Support Fort Lee's Holiday Helper Program - Holiday Helper was full of excitement as the Women's and Men's Basketball Teams took turns volunteering to assist Fort Lee's military. The VSU Foundation provided financial support as well to ensure that "No Military Child Goes Without!" With many of the VSU Foundation members being prior military, they understand all too well the challenges many of our military families face.
Congressman Forbes incorporated Holiday Helper into his article "Goodness of America" in his holiday article for the Capital Monitor - Congressman Forbes shares his experience after visiting the Holiday Helper Toy Store at Fort Lee.

================



======= Instance Index 20604 =========
Input Text: Context: Sydney used every effort to try and diffuse the situation.

Question: How would Sydney feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: level headed

B: calm

C: like they worked hard

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.32005
Retrieved Text: One temptation that I'm particularly vulnerable to is the tendency to sarcasm. It was a significant part of my youth. It is a cheap (and easy) form of humor that doesn't really lift us up. I have found that as sarcasm increases, joy decreases. I don't think that happiness and sarcasm can exist in the same place at the same time. If you are unhappy, perhaps you can try what I did: decrease your use of sarcasm.
Bradley, I agree. I think that there are times when light sarcasm can be used to diffuse a tense situation or to highlight (as in a teaching moment) something that should be obvious. But I have found that cutting sarcasm, especially the kind that seems to satisfy the prideful intellectual part of my psyche, is spiritually harmful.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.218084
Retrieved Text: Mold Removal Squad Mold Removal Company in Hampden Sydney, VA is made up of a team of trained Mold Removal experts and water restoration experts. Before hiring our experts, we take them through rigorous training so as to ensure that they are prepared to serve our clients. The experts also attend weekly training sessions and seminars so as to improve their skills in Mold Removal and remediation and also help them get to learn about new techniques to use in Mold Removal. We also have a team of dedicated customer care personnel who are always ready to help you out by answering your call and giving you advice on the best solution to your problem.
Mold Removal Squad Mold Removal Company services include; Mold Removal, mold remediation and damp proofing. We have been providing these services for several years to residents and business owners in Hampden Sydney, VA. Most of our clients are happy with our services thus we pride in providing the best mold solutions in the whole of Hampden Sydney, VA. The type of service to be used on your home or business is dependent with the size of the damage or the mold situation. If you have been suffering from recurring mold, we might recommend for you to have mold remediation instead of Mold Removal. Mold Removal only serves as a temporary measure but so as to stop the damage from recurring, the root causes of mold need to be looked into. The main cause of mold in most homes and businesses is leaking

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.990475
Retrieved Text: President Karzai’s Decree No. 3607 “Regarding the settlement of the 1389 electoral dispute” is a continuation of his well known tactic of tricks, misleading, delay and messing around. Instead to clarify the matter legally he continued to confuse and posture. Instead of breaking a political deadlock over more than 60 seats in the lower house of parliament, the Wolesi Jirga, however, the president appears to have muddied the waters. So diffuse is the present situation now, that Wolesi Jirga members, who continued their sit-in for the third consecutive day on 20110813, asked President Hamid Karzai either to accept the rule of law or stand down. Every reader of the Decree No. 3607 – when read in the original language – seems to have come away with different ideas on what it says. Try to understand the Decree published below! We don't understand it.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.944843
Retrieved Text: Not only Horticulture float glass, but also Hortiglass Diffuse and Hortiglass Diffuse +AR are available now with anti reflection treatment. Due to this treatment the highest light transmission come within reach.
Instead of using a coating, Hortiglass anti reflection glass is produced by adjusting the glass with a nano scale treatment. This 'so called' etcher technique reduces the reflection of light by the glass. This results in an 8% increase in the amount of light in the greenhouse. The advantages for crop cultivation pay out in a more active crop and an increase in fruit weight.
It is possible to clean anti reflection glass with a rooftop washer on the outside and water on the inside. The use of chemical cleaning products (conventional in horti culture) can not be used for cleaning anti reflection glass. These products remove slightly remove the upper layer of the glass, which damages the anti reflection threatment.
Every crop and the environment demand their own type of glass. Do you want to know which type of glass is best for your situation?
Need advice? Need to know what type of glass suits your cultivation best? We are just a phonecall or email away.
Copyright © 2019 Horti Glass. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.629751
Retrieved Text: Junk Removal in Crows Nest?
Just 5km North of Sydney’s CBD, Crows Nest is situated in a prime location in North Sydney. Right in between the Pacific Highway and the M1 Motorway, it’s easy to get on the road and head to wherever you’d like. It is a very busy area, and you’ll have to fight the traffic most of the time, but like all busy places, they’re popular for good reason. Many Crows Nest residents do have jobs in the CBD or surrounding areas, and live a busy life with various commitments outside of work. Properties aren’t huge in this area either, so when things go wrong with furniture, white goods, etc., there’s not a lot of room to store them and no time to try dispose of them. If you’re in a situation like this where you’ve got junk that needs to go, but have been to busy to try an work out a way to get rid of it, you’ve come to the right place. Give Same-Day Rubbish Removal a call, we can collect your waste today at a very affordable rate.
We’ve spent a lot of time and effort refining the way we work so that we can provide the fastest, easiest and most affordable rubbish removal service in all of Sydney – we’ve done it – you won’t find a better service! Many people think that taking their trash to the tip themselves is going to be the best way to dispose of it, however, they don’t factor in all the hidden costs.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.518566
Retrieved Text: The Westcott Eyelighter 2 Reflective Panel's newly redesigned center spine allows the reflector to tilt 74-degrees for precise positioning and added versatility. This feature allows the Eyelighter 2 to be used with a variety of light sources, including the sun.
The Westcott 4 in 1 Kit combines two 42" Illuminator reflectors in one bag, a silver/gold panel and a diffuser fabric that can be used to soften the light or used as a white reflective surface.
This reflector kit contains two panels for ideal results. Use the diffuse panel to diffuse harsh light overhead. Fill in unwanted shadows with the second reflective panel.
Keep it neutral by reflecting light back into your subject using the white reflective surface or go warm utilizing the gold. Be prepared for any situation with this huge 48" x 72" reflector. Great for families, fashion photography, full length and large objects.
This reflector kit contains two panels for ideal results. Use the diffusion panel to diffuse harsh light overhead. Fill in unwanted shadows with the second reflective panel.
Keep it neutral by reflecting light back into your subject using the white reflective surface or go warm utilizing the gold. No wonder this size is the #1 seller as it's large enough to photograph portraits, couples and small groups, yet can still be easily handheld for on-location work.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.310585
Retrieved Text: The SUPFES project takes a holistic view on the use of the fluorinated chemicals in the textile industry studying emissions, life cycles and human and aquatic toxicity.
To create possibilities for real change the SUPFES project also looks at practical substitution of fluorinated compound in textile applications. This means that substitutes need to be evaluated for their environmental effects but they need also to be evaluated for their functional effects, durability and compatibility with textile processing.
To be able to do this the project has created a research environment with researchers from one research institute, two Swedish and one Dutch university. The research spans human and aquatic toxicology, emission studies, life cycle assessments but also includes research on textile processing and textile analysis and testing. The SUPFES project also integrates dissemination of knowledge to industry and public bodies to maximize the use of the results created in the project. The SUPFES project will test the hypotheses that emissions of these chemicals are mostly generated as diffuse emissions, i.e. as small and large emissions throughout the whole life of the product, and that textiles are an important source of these emissions.
The additional goal for SUPFES is to better understand performance and environmental impact from alternatives to replace fluorinated chemicals which are harmful to the environment. Within the project a number of scientific and industrial partners collaborate to assess and explore if diffuse sources, with textiles as case studies, are a major contributor to the persistent flouorochemical pollution. They also explore the new alternatives really provide desired functionality that are

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.306221
Retrieved Text: Witnesses at a pub where two men had a heated exchange over a game of pool thought the matter ended after security asked them to leave.
However, it is alleged that Michael Allen Meakin got into his van after leaving the Plumpton Hotel in Sydney&apos;s west and pursued Nicholas McEvoy, 30, who was on foot, and intentionally ran him over.
Mr McEvoy&apos;s body was found by the side of Richmond Road, Dean Park, in the early hours of February 21, 2014.
Meakin&apos;s defence barrister Grant Brady SC has told the trial Mr McEvoy&apos;s death was simply a tragic accident.
At the Sydney Supreme Court on Tuesday, Plumpton Hotel bouncer Brendan "Tiny" Wetere said he thought the conflict was finished once both men left the premises.
The argument between the two started during a game of pool between Meakin and a pub regular, Matthew "Chicken" Henshaw.
The court heard Mr McEvoy was barracking for Mr Henshaw as he played, which annoyed Meakin.
Mr Henshaw said Meakin eventually told Mr McEvoy to "piss off".
The court heard the exchange between Meakin and Mr McEvoy escalated and Mr Wetere asked both to leave.
CCTV footage played in court showed Mr Wetere coaxing Mr McEvoy out of the pub car park until he is out of sight.
Meakin then gets into his van and leaves.
"It is all over at this stage, isn&apos;t it?" Mr Brady asked Mr Wetere.
A regular drinker at the Plumpton Hotel, Kevin Loveridge, said the tiff between the two men was "nothing major" and that he tried to diffuse the situation by telling Mr McEvoy to "just

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.042112
Retrieved Text: “Flashpoint” is a drama which depicts the emotional journey into the tough, risk-filled lives of a group of cops in the SRU (inspired by Toronto’s Emergency Task Force). It’s a unique unit that rescues hostages, busts gangs, defuses bombs, climbs the sides of buildings and talks down suicidal teens. Members of a highly-skilled tactical team, they’re also trained in negotiating, profiling and getting inside the suspect’s head to diffuse the situation to try and save lives. Includes all episodes from Seasons One through Five.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.0147
Retrieved Text: I have an ongoing love affair with words. This earns me a fair amount of teasing from my co-workers, because in my effort to choose just the right word, I often grab a 10 cent word or something arcane that no one has used in conversation since 1906. Snickering usually ensues. But I brave it.
I endure it because I know the amazing value of getting the word right. Words have simple, but tremendous power. The right combination can move you to tears or rage. They can diffuse a volatile situation and they can make someone beam with happiness.
Not everyone is as big a word geek as me, though, so I thought I would pull together a list of some terrific words to consider as you compose your own employee recognition messages.
Sometimes when we need inspiration most, we find ourselves unable to come up with anything better than “great” or “excellent”. Below is a list of some powerful words that have been proven to have impact and may be just what you need to give your message life. Consider using them to make your recognition more pithy and effective.
What are some of your favourite words to use in recognition?
We take a look at Schrödinger's Cat and the role of the observer in employee performance.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.010176
Retrieved Text: Flashpoint Season 5 tv shows wholesale Editorial Reviews FLASHPOINT is a drama which depicts the emotional journey into the tough, risk-filled lives of a group of cops in the SRU (inspired by Toronto's Emergency Task Force). It's a unique unit that rescues hostages, busts gangs, defuses bombs, climbs the sides of buildings and talks down suicidal teens. Members of a highly-skilled tactical team, they're also trained in negotiating, profiling and getting inside the suspect's head to diffuse the situation to try and save lives.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.922045
Retrieved Text: We're in the middle of tutorial and by now you should be able to build your own furniture models with proper UV mapping. In this part I'll try explaining how to make your work even more alive by creating realistic looking shaders. Of course I won't be able to cover every aspect of this wide topic but I'll try explaining some of the cool tricks and techniques I use personally in everyday work.
There are many free shaders available after logging in to your chocofur account in the upper navigation bar.
First of all, let's make a short clarification about the words we'll be using. What I understand as "material" is an existing, specific kind of surface that can be distinguished by it's color or reflectivity. This refers to real life objects and properties in general. "Shader" is CG version of real life material. It can have similar properties and can be freely adjusted by user. "Texture" or "texture map" is a bitmap file that we'll be using for creating our shader color, adjusting its reflectivity or bumping its surface.
I'll try showing you how to re-create most common material types such as glossy surfaces, glass or common metals. What I also find necessary is explaining the philosophy of shader building process in Cycles since It's a bit different than in other rendering engines on the market. With this knowledge I really hope you'd be able to do your own experiments and create realistic looking shaders.
When looking at any surface, your brain automatically interpreters it and correlates to what

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.904808
Retrieved Text: Ocean colour satellites can be used to measure light attenuation in the water column – a crucial factor when processing images.
Level 1B Top of Atmosphere radiance (True Colour RGB), and Level 2 Diffuse Attenuation Coefficient (Kd(490)).
Arguably one of the most challenging — and currently unsolved — problems in marine imaging is the robust, consistent, and accurate reconstruction of lost colours and contrast in underwater photographs.
While large image datasets taken on land can be analysed with a plethora of computer-vision and machine-learning algorithms that can segment, recognise, count, and classify objects, underwater datasets do not benefit from the full power of these methods because water degrades images too severely for automated analysis.
Existing methods that try to recover lost colours perform inconsistently. According to researchers at the University of Haifa this is because these methods rely on an equation that inaccurately represents how light travels in water. They have proposed a revised equation that corrects these inaccuracies, and they are now developing a method to efficiently remove the effects of water from underwater photographs.
They study coral reefs in Eilat, in the northernmost tip of the Red Sea. For every dataset they collect, they must also measure or estimate attenuation coefficients corresponding to water conditions on that day, and they use these coefficients to remove the degrading effects of water from images. These coefficients can be measured in the water using specialised instruments, but this is costly and impractical, so they have turned to freely-available satellite imagery for the estimation of the optical parameters they need (Figure 1, top

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.855612
Retrieved Text: It’s always good to go the extra mile for clients. But there is a point where you go from being flexible, to being a sucker.
Problem is, it can be tough to figure out how to say no to a client, especially when they’re a valuable and longstanding source of revenue.
Cian McLoughlin, founder and CEO of sales consulting and advisory firm, Trinity Perspectives, shares some tips on the art of the pushback.
McLoughlin’s first piece of advice – understand the issue.
“You need to get to the heart of what they are making noise about. It could be a pricing issue, a functionality or service issue,” he says.
What you don’t want is escalation. That means decompressing and removing anger and frustration from your mindset, if you’re worked up about what’s going on.
“Ideally you need to diffuse the emotion in the situation,” McLoughlin explains, noting that the key way to do this is to stay open and communicative.
In practical terms, he says that means “displaying empathy, asking open-ended intelligent questions and displaying active listening techniques can all help your cause”.
“Sometimes a simple apology can be enough to diffuse a negative or angry situation,” he says.
If the client asks for something outrageous McLoughlin says it can sometimes pay off to deflect with something equally as impossible. It’s an old negotiation trick, he says, but a good one to keep up the sleeve.
McLoughlin explains: “for example, you are interested in engaging with my company but you want a 25 per cent discount on my standard prices. Instead of saying ‘no’, I could

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.394772
Retrieved Text: In English, you don’t have to look far to find pairs of words that look or sound similar. Just think of their vs. there, empathic vs. empathetic, and compose vs. comprise. In some cases, you can use both words interchangeably because they mean the same thing. In other cases, though, you can’t swap one word in the pair for the other because the two words mean different things. Which category do diffuse vs. defuse fall into? Take a guess and find the answer below!
When you’re trying to remember the difference between diffuse vs. defuse, remember that diffuse represents the idea of spreading something out.
Defuse may look less familiar to you, but it isn’t some sort of abstract term you would find only on the SAT. What does it mean? Well, the primary definition of defuse is to take the fuse out of a bomb. But you can also use defuse figuratively to describe reducing the tension or danger in a situation (i.e., deactivating a figurative bomb).
When you’re trying to remember the difference between diffuse vs. defuse, remember that defuse represents the idea of reducing danger or tension.
How can you keep diffuse vs. defuse straight?
You can remember the difference between diffuse vs. defuse by remembering what they mean. Of course, even if you remember the definitions of these words, you might not remember which definition matches each word.
Lucky for you, though, there’s another trick you can use. Take a look at the word defuse. Do you notice anything?
If you break down the word defuse, you get de

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.379896
Retrieved Text: Dr. Kevin Ho educates aspiring surgeons on how to prepare themselves for surgery. Cosmetic Surgery in Sydney, like other surgeries entails a certain degree of risk and therefore, surgeons need to be well prepared mentally as well. Dr. Ho states the need to be organised and identifying the implications of the surgery to cope with the stress levels involved.
So, remember guys at all times just try to imagine yourself as a surgeon so whatever role you are playing and that way you can organise the environment such that it affords for ease for the surgeon, the assistant, the scrub nurse just in every role just think what’s going to happen next and that way you can project the either pitfalls or dangers of the situation and assess the stress levels and try to be able to moderate them.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.244774
Retrieved Text: When using essential oils during chemotherapy or radiation, it is a best practice to use them as inhalation therapy.
In my first blog post I discussed where essential oils come from; the place essential oils hold in history dating back to early Egyptian times; and the different grades of essential oils. To clear up any confusion, the term aromatherapy is the use of essential oils.
The essential oils I use exclusively are Young Living Oils. I use this brand exclusively because they have been registered as safe for internal use as supplements by the USDA. Now I am not a girl who believes everything the USDA says, (I am very much an alternative health girl), but because there is zero regulation on the production and distilling of essential oils, I take the USDA approval as a vote of confidence in the purity of these oils.
Labels on essential oils in grocery stores and health food stores will often say, ‘do not place on skin’ or ‘for aroma only’ or ‘do not ingest.’ This is not the case with Young Living Oils. The quality of Young Living Oils have a proven 20 year history of being used topically and internally with great success. I would never suggest using an oil of inferior quality as a therapeutic health alternative.
When using essential oils during chemotherapy or radiation, it is a best practice to use them as inhalation therapy only on those days. Each individual has a unique situation, a unique body, a unique plan for wellness. What you read here is a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.233389
Retrieved Text: Sorry, there are no Postgraduate Programs, Double Degrees, Specialisations, or Courses available.
Sorry, there are no Research Programs, Double Degrees, Specialisations, or Courses available.
© UNSW Sydney (CRICOS Provider No.: 00098G), 2019. The information contained in this Handbook is indicative only. While every effort is made to keep this information up-to-date, the University reserves the right to discontinue or vary arrangements, programs and courses at any time without notice and at its discretion. While the University will try to avoid or minimise any inconvenience, changes may also be made to programs, courses and staff after enrolment. The University may also set limits on the number of students in a course.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.140985
Retrieved Text: It didn’t take long for privacy advocates to cry foul.
“The worst part, really, is that so little information is being shared with us,” said Constanze Kurz, a computer scientist and the spokesperson of Chaos Computer Club, Europe’s largest association of white-hat hackers.
Legal experts add that if the technology on trial in Berlin Südkreuz is ever deployed as part of an official law enforcement effort, it would violate German citizens’ right to privacy.
After the facial recognition experiment concluded in July, the trial’s second phase inside Südkreuz, to be supervised by private railway company Deutsche Bahn, is set to start in November and will test programs that can spot suspicious behavior in video footage by analyzing it in real-time — potentially opening another Pandora’s box of privacy concerns.
The programs will try to spot suspicious objects like unattended suitcases. They will sound the alarm when people enter areas where they’re not supposed to go or lay down on platforms or staircases. They will keep count of how many people are at the station. And they will watch out for unusual group behavior: If a large number of people, for example, abruptly starts to move in one direction, the program might see this as an indicator of a potentially dangerous situation.
“I don’t want to withhold certain instruments from our security agencies, just because of the diffuse fear that they could be abused,” said Andrea Lindholz, a member of the German parliament for the conservative Bavarian Christian Social Union and the chair of the Bundestag’s powerful interior committee.
“Those who suggest in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.078588
Retrieved Text: What Would You Do If You Saw a Child Being Abducted?
This short video highlights an interesting study in Psychology, the bystander effect. This is where people diffuse responsibility if they are confronted with a crime, where many other bystanders are present. Almost every person thinks that someone else can handle it, so therefore they don’t have to.
What would you do in this situation? Be honest.
This entry was posted in psychology, youtube and tagged abduction, bystander effect, psychology, youtube by Michael Cunningham. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.030016
Retrieved Text: This book is published to accompany the Hylozoic Series: Sibyl installation at the 18th Biennale of Sydney, Cockatoo Island, Sydney, Australia, 2012. The series of projects shown within this book explores a new generation of responsive spaces. The immersive environments of the Hylozoic Series invite viewers to raise fundamental questions about how architecture might behave in the future. Might future buildings begin to know and care about us? Might they start, in primitive ways, to become alive? Responding to the movement of visitors, ripples of vibration, glowing light, and whispering sound move throughout the immersive layers of these spaces. Floating overhead, many hundreds of thousands of custom-made components spread out into diffuse, translucent clouds. The Hylozoic environments can sense and interact with viewers, and they contain chemical systems that act like a primitive metabolism, processing and exchanging material with the environment. Projects illustrated within this book have developed by Canadian artist and architect Philip Beesley and collaborators between 2010 and 2012, following the Hylozoic Ground installation at the 2010 Venice Biennale for Architecture. These installations are located in Enghien-Les-Bains, Madrid, Salt Lake City, Toronto, Rotterdam, Sydney, and Wellington.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.968037
Retrieved Text: Even when everything you are portraying is a lie, as long as your ex hears that you have moved on together with your life, he/she could seek out the reason for your happiness. Would I casually date women 10 years older? Very straight-forward as honest dating advice should be written huren zeven she is going to put lot of effort to build a powerful household and help her household in disaster situation. To connect the women and the single men on line is not as hard as you think. Join our growing completely free dating site in India and Get Connected with free mail, chat, IM. Hence, you have Sydney dating or Perth dating sites or pages for dating Sydney Single or Perth Single. They're single and searching for a serious relationship with an eligible and respectable man such as you.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.948334
Retrieved Text: We are happy to have recovered mesothelioma compensation for Mr B through the Diffuse Mesothelioma Payment Scheme.
What is the diffuse mesothelioma payment scheme?
The Diffuse Mesothelioma Payment Scheme (DMPS) is a way for mesothelioma sufferers to obtain compensation if they are not able to make a civil compensation claim against the employer who exposed them to asbestos. You can learn more about the scheme by clicking here.
Mr B had various x-rays, scans and unsuccessful pleural drainage procedures at hospital. He also had a painful TALC pleurodesis procedure with a biopsy, which sadly confirmed that he had mesothelioma. Following his diagnosis, Mr B did not think that he would be able to claim compensation because the employer that exposed him to asbestos, Thomas Edwards, was a sole trader.
Mr B contacted us, and sadly our investigations confirmed that there was no insurance for the small employer. However, we were committed to ensuring that Mr B received compensation, and so helped him to claim through the Diffuse Mesothelioma Payment Scheme. The scheme was specifically set up to help people in Mr B’s situation. It allows mesothelioma sufferers to still recover substantial amounts of compensation in circumstances where their employer either no longer trades, or where no insurance can be located which covers the period of asbestos exposure.
Mr B had a carpentry apprenticeship at Thomas Edwards in Coventry. His employer was involved in building houses at the time in the Coventry area. Mr B told us that he worked on 3 bedroom semi-detached houses in the Binley area near Coventry.
As an

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.76066
Retrieved Text: So I got my first Prada... BUT!
There's a scratch/mark on the leather. It's on the front too.. There's also a loose thread which I'm not too fussed about. For something worth essentially $2000, I expect waaay better. Even if it was how the leather is, I'm sure they could put in the effort to avoid marks like that..
The bag was bought in Paris though.. I'm now in Sydney so I hope I can still exchange it..
Could the scuff maybe from it being handled in the store...got scratched along the way?
You can't really tell that there's a mark, but I can understand why you would be bothered by it. Even though you're far away, it's still covered by warranty, just bring it into a Prada boutique and see what they can do about it.
Oh that's horrible! But I agre with pinkrose, I believe you have a 1 yr warranty. So goodluck!
I think you should exchange it for sure . It just doesn't make sense to get a new bag especially with all these high prices n get sth defective . I recently got a bag from nm n it was used too.
Yeah, it's the fact that I paid thousands of dollars for it so I expect every inch of it to be perfect otherwise ill just buy a decent leather one for a couple of hundred bucks at a department store..
Sydney sales assistants can be a B though. I wanted to buy a wallet about a month ago and they were just rude, so i left and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.744896
Retrieved Text: We all have those moments when we are feeling a little "blah". Maybe you are stressed, tired, or down on yourself. Or, perhaps you can't really pinpoint what is going on. Whatever is happening, Elevation Joyful Blend might be able to help you break free from those negative feelings. Its sweet, floral, citrusy aroma can help you feel energized while it alleviates negative emotions you are experiencing. It is a powerful blend and is definitely one to keep in your purse or pocket for a quick pick me up whenever you need it.
Place a drop of Elevation in your palms and inhale slowly for several minutes as needed.
Diffuse 4–6 drops at home or at work to inspire optimism, help decision making, and promote feelings of self-worth.
Diffuse Elevation first thing in the morning to help start the day on a positive note.
Massage 1–2 drops into the soles of the feet for a daily mood booster.
When you start to feel negative emotions arise, use Elevation topically or aromatically to help elevate mood and increase vitality.
Diffuse Elevation to feel refreshed and energized.
Create a positive environment by using Elevation topically or aromatically. It will facilitate a revitalizing environment that will uplift and help you relish the joys of life.
Add 1-2 drops of Elevation to a cotton ball and add to air vents to fill your vehicle with an energizing and brightening scent.
Before an interview, big presentation, or any other situation that you might find stressful, diffuse Elevation to promote feelings of confidence and self-worth.
When traveling, use Elevation throughout the day

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.705536
Retrieved Text: Take monthly with water November 2014 31 Captain Glossop of Sydney, expected that Emden’s guns could hit Sydney at up to 8,000m and kept his ship beyond that range. No doubt there was shock and horror when Emd en’s third salvo hit Sydney, killing several men and destroying the ship’s vital gunfire control system. It could have been a king hit and it caused Sydney to need at least eight salvos before she found the range and started hitting the smaller ship. From that point, the battle was lost for Emden and her crew. The heavy shells from Sydney tore Emden apart. Knowing he was defeated and unwilling to have his ship captured, Captain Muller managed to run her ashore and at the best speed his ship could manage. By this he hoped to save the remainder of his active crew and the injured men from drowning. Sydney broke off to chase the collier whose crew promptly scuttled her. Returning to the island, Captain Glossop saw that Emd en’s battle ensign was still flying. Controversially, he ordered several more shots at the wrecked ship, which quickly produced the hoisting of the white flag of surrender. From then on Sydney ’s crewmen were employed in rescue and treatment of the injured. Meanwhile, Emd en’s landing party was making its way back to Germany, but that’s another, quite amazing story. The Sydney-Emden action caused great joy in Australia and in Britain and it gave the infant RAN a great morale boost. It should, however, be well understood that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.68513
Retrieved Text: Sydney's most precious natural asset has been upsized.
A five-year effort by the NSW Maritime Authority to measure the exact dimension of greater Sydney Harbour has revealed the estuary has nearly 80 kilometres more shoreline than anyone thought, 62,000 megalitres more water and is, on average, 1.6metres deeper.
The commonly stated claim that Warragamba Dam, with a capacity of 2 million megalitres, holds four times the volume of Sydney Harbour now looks a bit rough.
The manager of survey and spatial information at the NSW Maritime Authority, Dennis Buttigieg, said the new reading of the harbour was the first since the 1960s, when most of the calculations were done manually.
"They didn't have computers, so somebody would have sat down ... and just worked it out," he said.
People also affect the shoreline. "People used to take a wheelbarrow of sand down to the backyard every night and gradually increase their harbour frontage. People see a rubbly foreshore and think that it looks ugly and build a wall, but it's actually the natural foreshore. That used to happen a lot. but we are on top of it now because we monitor it."
He said the authority had to know "what is out there" and to be able to determine whether changes were happening naturally or by human intervention.
The best estimate of the estuary's volume at high tide had been about 500,000 megalitres, but the authority now knows it is 562,000 megalitres.
The perimeter of the estuary was thought to be 240 kilometres. Now it is known to be 317 kilometres, thanks to new

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.684322
Retrieved Text: Basil was considered by the Ancient Greeks as the "King of Plants"; it was used to anoint kings.
Also may help one maintain an Open Mind. Stimulates the sense of smell.
How to use: Apply to VITA FLEX POINTS and/or directly area of concern, or diffuse. For mental fatigue, inhale first, then apply to crown of head, forehead, heart and navel.
Chamomile, Roman has been used to help Calm and Relieve Restlessness and Tension. Traditionally used by the ancient Romans to give them a Clear Mind and to Empower them with Courage for their battles.
Its antiseptic (topical use only) properties benefit cuts, scrapes, and bruises. It is used extensively in Europe for the skin. This plant is grown and distilled at the Young Living Farms.
How to use: Diffuse. May be applied topically on bottom of feet, ankles, and wrists. Add to food or water as a dietary supplement. Applied over the Throat, it can help a person Express his or her True Feelings.
Cinnamon Bark is one of the most antiseptic Essential Oils. It has been produced in Sri-Lanka for over 2,000 years.
It also Enhances the action and activity of other oils.
How to use: Because of its high phenol content, it is best diluted (1 drop to 40 or 50 drops of V-6 Mixing Oil) before applying on the skin. If the mixture is too hot, apply additional V-6 Mixing Oil or Massage Oil Base. Never dilute with water as it will intensify the effect.
May be applied neat on hands and bottoms of feet.
May be added to food or water

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.666723
Retrieved Text: Optical Mouse being used a couple of issues optical mouse, digital supplies office supplies online industry We use optical Mouse Usually experienced throughout the next questions: Within the glass, metal along with other smooth surfaces, or some kind of special colour on the top of mouse doesn t work, the performance from the Dayton cursor lag, tremor, drift, or no response or perhaps the cursor sheds, these problems so far hasn’t t fully resolved. Why would this type of situation? Fundamental reason is restricted through the principle of optical wholesale nhl jerseys mouse, we may have for more analysis. We all know, optical mouse, optical engine, receiving feedback with the images to look for the cursor position, when the mobile surface is simply too smooth, then it might not generate enough diffuse light, such sensors get the reflected light intensity is extremely weak, so not able to find out nick and also the resulting mouse positioning no longer working correctly horrifyingly. The glass presently available on the market and also the metal mouse pad mouse pad with smooth surface aren t, rather than while using grinding treatment, diffuse in good shape, but nonetheless very few optical mouse items focus on it. We all know the optical mouse positioning adjacent nick images by evaluating the main difference between feature points around the matrix to look for the cursor location information, plus some glass metal mouse pad mouse pads and done a really fine matte surface, surface height, and when the standard light machine on it may be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.645144
Retrieved Text: Road rage continues to be an epidemic among roadways in the United States. We have all seen the shocking videos online: drivers fighting other drivers for seemingly incidental and arbitrary reasons. While you may think that this won’t happen to you, it likely could happen and may end tragically if you do not know what to do.
Obviously the golden rule is not to engage in road rage, but sometimes an aggressive driver has it out for you. If you are confronted with such an aggressive driver, there are vital steps you should take which can deescalate the situation.
First, try to diffuse the situation before it begins. If a driver honks or flips you off for a perceived aggression you made, you can show remorse. This is often the most successful way of diffusing a potentially dangerous situation. You can do this by mouthing “Sorry!” or wave to them. Allow drivers ample space to pass you. If this does not work, you can report the driver to the authorities if you or others on the road are in imminent danger. Do not play vigilante. Specifically, do not chase down the driver, or engage in retaliatory road rage by cutting them off, running them off the road, or making obscene gestures. Instead, pull over to a safe location that is out of the way of traffic.
Finally, if you are in a situation in which an aggressive driver has exited his or her vehicle, call 911 immediately. Do not exit your vehicle and make sure your doors are locked.

================



======= Instance Index 20966 =========
Input Text: Context: according to the article  Carson immediately stopped.

Question: What will Carson want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: wait

B: help watch out

C: keep calm

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.332254
Retrieved Text: The distribution of large earthquakes across Nevada.
A 3.7 magnitude temblor just south of Leviathan Mine Road on June 6 was a reminder that Western Nevada is earthquake country.
The quake occurred at 3:45 p.m., and was reportedly felt as far away as Reno and San Andreas, Calif. It set off nearly 50 aftershocks, with the most recent a 1.8 magnitude quake 10:04 a.m. Sunday. A 3.46 magnitude earthquake struck a mile southeast of Double Springs Flat at 9:30 p.m. Friday, in nearly the same place as the June 6 earthquake.
This month marks 130 years since the Carson Valley Earthquake of June 3, 1887.
Estimated at magnitude 6.3, damaging effects of the quake were felt from Genoa to Reno.
The Cradlebaugh Bridge tollhouse was moved 2 inches from its foundation. The Genoa courthouse was badly damaged, as was the Harris store.
"Several buildings were likely torn down or parts rebuilt because of earthquake damage," according to the book, "Reevaluation of pre-1900 earthquakes in Western Nevada," published in 2003.
"The earthquake began at about 2:40 to 2:47 a.m. on Friday, June 3, 1887. It was reported to have lasted from 3 to 10 seconds (in one account 30 seconds) and was preceded by a heavy rumbling sound (which is described as resembling a dead-axe freight wagon driven rapidly over frozen ground)," according to the book.
Like Tuesday's earthquake, no foreshocks were reported heralding the earthquake. There were a dozen aftershocks over the 20 days following the incident.
The Genoa Weekly Courier reported that the earthquake was the heaviest in the area.
"The earth shook violently for

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.883188
Retrieved Text: Two longtime Carson Valley tourism businesses changed hands recently.
On Thursday, Douglas County commissioners approved a liquor license for Reno company RK Hotel.
The company is owned by Sparks resident Kuldeep Ghumann.
Manpreet Kaur will be moving to Gardnerville to manage the hotel, according to the Douglas County Liquor Board report.
A year after opening, the Historian Inn received a governor's tourism award.
By April 2010, however, the hotel had stopped taking reservations and closed its registration office. At the time, the hotel's website said the closure was due to economic conditions.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.431479
Retrieved Text: A two-car crash on the F.E. Everett Turnpike recently had traffic backed up in all three lanes, but spared the drivers any life-threatening injuries, according to a recent article in the Nashua Telegraph.
The accident occurred during a weekday evening’s prime commuting hours. According to police, the accident involved a car that had stopped in the median near Exit 2, apparently because it was having mechanical troubles. That car was rear-ended by another car coming down the turnpike. A third vehicle might also have been involved in the crash, but police have not come to any conclusions yet.
Both drivers involved in the rear-end crash managed to walk away from the scene, though the full extent of their injuries is still unknown. Immediately after the accident, several other drivers stopped to help, which slowed traffic on the turnpike and made the accident scene look as if it involved many more drivers than just the two who actually crashed, according to the Nashua Telegraph. Drivers trying to get around rescue vehicles to the right of the crash and trying to get off the turnpike to the left also slowed traffic.
Soft tissue injuries after a car accident can take several days to become fully obvious. Many drivers think they’re not injured immediately after a crash, only to find a few days later that they are in serious pain. If you’ve been injured in an accident, the experienced car accident attorneys in New Hampshire at Tenn And Tenn, P.A. can help you protect your legal rights. For a free telephone consultation,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.963717
Retrieved Text: CITY OF NEWBURGH � A 2-year-old started a small fire while playing with an electric lamp, according to a fire department report.
City firefighters arrived about 10:45 p.m. Thursday at the Carson Avenue apartment. They were able to immediately extinguish the flames, but the toddler had burned his knee.
A Mobile Life ambulance took the boy to the Newburgh campus of St. Luke�s Cornwall Hospital. Further information about his injuries wasn�t available.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.819715
Retrieved Text: WILMINGTON — A man who drove a stolen vehicle and led police on a long chase in ways dangerous to motorists and pedestrians has received an 18-month prison term in a local case.
Michael Robert Carson, 32, of Midland, was convicted of not complying with a police officer’s order, which is a felony of the third degree. In a negotiated settlement between the parties, a charge against him related to the theft of a truck out of Sabina — receiving stolen property — was dropped.
According to an affidavit, police were dispatched to the Rombach Avenue area Oct. 9, 2018 on the report of a stolen vehicle. An officer confirmed the vehicle in question was the stolen truck, but waited for a second officer before initiating a high-risk stop, states the affidavit.
Officers stopped the truck in front of Wilmington City Hall and gave orders to the suspect. But the vehicle sped off and the pursuit began.
Traveling south, the truck passed vehicles on double-yellow lines as well as off the roadway, the affidavit states.
The pickup truck went through Martinsville side streets where several bystanders were on the sidewalks, adds the affidavit.
Carson did not stop at several stop signs, but after 12-plus miles came to a stop on Jonesboro Road where he fled on foot.
Police though were able to apprehend Carson. Officers said the 2002 Ford F-150 pickup truck was stolen six days earlier. It was returned to its owner.
In his sentencing paperwork, Clinton County Common Pleas Judge John W. “Tim” Rudduck noted Carson had served two prior prison terms

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.498657
Retrieved Text: During different holidays of the year, law enforcement agencies have statewide campaigns using DUI checkpoints to catch drunk drivers without observing moving violations or any other legal reason for contact with a driver. However, if the roadblocks are not conducted according to specific requirements imposed by the courts, the stop and resulting arrest are illegal. In other words, the DUI checkpoints must meet the guidelines specified by Colorado law.
Observations made at DUI checkpoints may be the results of illegal searches and seizures.
The location of the DUI checkpoint may create a traffic hazard and endanger motorists.
The operational procedures must be reasonable and followed consistently.
There must be a neutral formula for stopping vehicles and it must be followed.
The length and extent of the intrusion must be minimal and reasonable.
Official must provide advance publicity and notification of the DUI checkpoint.
If there is an arrest, the defense attorney must still evaluate the physical observations relied upon and the reported results of any field sobriety tests and chemical tests.
If you have been stopped at a DUI checkpoint and charged, don't delay, call me immediately (970-871-7400).
Also see my Stopped by the Police article.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.43457
Retrieved Text: Kevin Donelle Banks has been charged with Criminal Negligent Homicide ? a state jail felony ? for his role in the April 20, 2018, crash that killed Dorothy Ann Truelock, 69, of Jewett.
Banks? bail was set at $5,000, and he remained in the Wichita County Jail Thursday afternoon.
The county jail?s online inmate roster lists Banks? address in the 1300 block of Central Freeway.
According to a Buffalo Express article, Truelock was stopped on the side of U.S. Highway 79 when she was struck by an 18-wheeler driven by Banks in Leon County.
The newspaper reported that Banks immediately steered back onto the roadway, but his trailer hit the rear of Truelock?s vehicle. She was thrown from the vehicle, and it overturned.
According to the arrest warrant affidavit, Banks was charged for acting with criminal negligence, causing the death of Truelock, ?by failing to maintain a single lane of traffic and failing to keep a proper lookout while driving and striking the motor vehicle occupied? by Truelock.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.416042
Retrieved Text: Our Carson DUI Defense Attorney Fights To Win Every Case!
Choose an Experienced and Reliable Impaired Driving Defense Lawyer in Carson to Fight Your Drinking and Driving Charges.
We at Carson DUI Lawyer not only rely on empirical data but also rely on information obtained by our DUI criminal lawyer who visits the site of the incident to get firsthand facts about the case. This helps us to present a watertight defense and point out inaccuracies in the prosecution’s case and witness dispositions if any.
For impaired driving charges in Carson, get in touch with Carson DUI Lawyer. DUI cases are amongst the most litigated in California courts and we have consistently shown successful results in defending our clients off these charges. Our team of lawyers has vast experience and professional expertise in this field.
Whenever you are faced with charges of a drinking and driving, the best option is to get in touch with a Carson drinking and driving Lawyer. We have experienced drinking and driving lawyers and attorneys who have consistently delivered favorable verdicts to clients with different driving and drinking charges in Carson or CA.
If you have been stopped and charged with a DUI in Carson or California, the first measure that you should take is to call an experienced and highly reliable DUI defense attorney who will advocate for you. Having an attorney will assist you in building the best defense possible. We at Carson DUI Lawyer have attorneys with years of experience in this field and who have brought cases to successful verdicts for our

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.319324
Retrieved Text: Updated, 10:36 p.m. | In his rise to the top of the crowded field for the Republican presidential nomination, Ben Carson has endeared himself to conservatives with his inspirational tale of emerging from a single-parent home to become an internationally renowned pediatric neurosurgeon.
Recent news reports have raised questions about episodes he has recounted, including a gunpoint holdup he says he witnessed in the early 1980s and his own violent outbursts in his youth. And on Friday, Mr. Carson acknowledged that he had never been accepted to the prestigious United States Military Academy at West Point, despite numerous statements in his books and in public that implied that he had.
On Friday night, in a combative news conference in Florida in which he showed rare flashes of anger, Mr. Carson gave no ground and challenged the news media on its ethics and balance. In a mocking tone, he said reporters had not investigated President Obama, as a candidate in 2008, so intensely.
“Don’t lie,” Mr. Carson said, cutting off a reporter asking a question about West Point.
“My prediction is that all of you guys trying to pile on is actually going to help me,” he said.
Mr. Carson also pledged not to let claims about him go unchecked. “What you are not going to find with me is somebody who is just going to sit back and let you be completely unfair without letting the American people know what’s going on,” he said.
Yet just a couple of hours after the news conference, another report, in The Wall Street Journal, challenged

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.310957
Retrieved Text: Bossardet moves on from being an assistant principal at Flagler Palm Coast High School, transitioning into his new role immediately.
Bobby Bossardet was named the next principal of Buddy Taylor Middle School by Superintendent James Tager, according to a June 12 news release. Bossardet replaces John Fanelli, who has joined the Flagler Schools District team to work with student and community engagement.
Bossardet is a 1999 graduate of Flagler Palm Coast High School. While there, he was a state championship wrestler. He attended Carson Newman College and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in human exceptionalities in 2003. He earned his master's degree in educational leadership from Nova Southeastern University in 2007. Over the past 14 years, Bossardet has taught, coached and been a part of the administration at Flagler Palm Coast High School. He begins transitioning to his new job immediately.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.147915
Retrieved Text: Person wounded in shooting at Fort Carson - Denverite, the Denver site!
Jun. 16, 2017, 7:05 a.m.
FORT CARSON — Army officials say one person has been wounded and a suspect is in custody after a shooting at Fort Carson in southern Colorado.
The shooting occurred Thursday, and an official says the injury to the victim was not life-threatening. Few details were immediately available.
All Fort Carson gates were closed after the shooting but re-opened later.
A shelter-in-place order was lifted.
Fort Carson is an infantry post outside Colorado Springs.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.088327
Retrieved Text: On my way home from this year's Petersen Shootout, I stopped at six Nevada State Historical Markers, including Bliss Mansion [#70], Methodist Church of Carson City [#71], Orion Clemens' Home [#78], Stewart-Nye Residence [#175], Rinckel Mansion [#252] and The Governor's Mansion [#259].
This marker is located at 112 North Curry Street, Carson City, Nevada. There are 25 other historical markers in Carson City County. The GPS coordinates for this location are N 39° 09.845 W 119° 46.079.
Completed in 1876, this palatial residence is an excellent example of High Victorian Italianate architecture in Carson City. Charles H. Jones, a French-schooled designer, constructed the residence for Mathias Rinckel using European craftsmen. The mansion is constructed of pressed brick resting upon a sandstone ashlar foundation. The sandstone originated from the Nevada State Prison quarry. The brick came from Carson Valley and knot-free lumber was obtained from the pine forests of Lake Tahoe.
Rinckel, a German immigrant and pioneer Carson City merchant, accumulated a degree of wealth in the gold fields in the Feather River District of California from 1849 to 1859. He increased his fortune in mining at Virginia City during that city’s infancy. In 1863, Rinckel settled in Carson City, where he engaged in raising livestock and butchering. As a successful merchant, he supplied the mining and timber districts surrounding Eagle Valley with meat.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.04689
Retrieved Text: A Question From the Late Great Johnny Carson – Are You Ready for Success?
In 1975, he was the highest paid entertainer in the world.
But Johnny Carson didn’t believe in hording his wealth, choosing to give up to $2 million a year to charity.
Carson was the king of late night TV for 30 years and during all that time, he learned a thing or two about what it really takes to be successful, and what success really means.
I love this quote from Johnny because it goes against everything we hear: that we need to have talent and good timing. But no, what we really need is to be ready for success. Are you ready to do the things you need to do to get where you want to be? Are you mentally prepared to be successful? Most people are not, despite what they say.
As we embark on this journey called life, we cannot help notice injustices. Why do mean-spirited people do well while kind people do poorly? The truth is, the world is neither fair nor unfair. It’s indifferent. The secret to success, according to Johnny, is not to complain or lament the way things are, but to take control of the one thing you can control – you.
Johnny was amazed how much money people spent in clubs and movies. Today, we do the same with our iPads, phones and computers. Imagine if even a portion of what the world spends on entertainment was transferred elsewhere – to fighting poverty, education and research. What world would we

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.02929
Retrieved Text: Dr. Brian Cole and Steve Kashul talk with Dr. Steven Feinstein about the use of Contrast Enhanced Ultrasound Imaging and the prevention of heart attacks and strokes. Dr. Feinstein developed the first two FDA approved ultrasound contrast agents and is recognized as one of the leading pioneers in the development of non-invasive contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) imaging techniques. Dr. Feinstein is a Professor at the Department of Internal Medicine, Rush Medical College.
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) offers a new, safe, radiation-free modality to help problem-solve diagnostic questions in a wide range of clinical applications, according to an article published by researchers from the Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging at University of California San Francisco.
Ultrasound contrast agents have been in use throughout most of the world and have been used off-label in the United State for over a decade. In addition to the use of ultrasound contrast agents in cardiac imaging, the FDA recently approved their use in liver imaging for both paediatric and adult patients, and for use in the urinary tract (voiding ultrasonography) in paediatric patients for evaluation of suspected or known vesicoureteral reflux (VUR).
The recent FDA approvals are likely to spur wider adoption of CEUS, says the article, which details the modality’s key advantages. Since the contrast agents are excreted by the lungs they are safe in patients with renal and/or liver dysfunction whom otherwise may not be able to undergo a contrast-enhanced evaluation. Also, CEUS provides unique advantages and can improve visualisation of blood flow and tissue vascularity.
Also in this segment is a conversation with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.92958
Retrieved Text: U.S. #2869n from the Legends of the West set.
Christopher Houston Carson was born December 24, 1809, in Richmond, Kentucky.
Carson’s father nicknamed him “Kit” and taught him all the skills for frontier living. As a teenager, Carson was an apprentice to a saddle maker in Franklin, Missouri. Customer’s tales of adventure lured him to the Wild West.
Item #4902076 – Carson First Day Proof Card.
In 1824, at age 15, Carson ran away from home to join a caravan of traders bound for Santa Fe. He was instructed in the art of fur trapping and trading – a career he pursued for fifteen years. Carson then moved to Taos, Mexico, in 1827, where he learned Spanish and became an interpreter. Two years later, he joined a trapping party and traveled throughout the West, battling the elements, starvation, and Indian attacks.
In 1842 a chance encounter with explorer John C. Fremont made Carson an active participant in extending the boundaries of the continental US. Carson served as a guide for three of Fremont’s government-financed expeditions until 1846, when he joined up with General Stephen W. Kearny, whose command was heading for California with presidential orders to take over the region. Alternately fighting and scouting, he earned a reputation for bravery, loyalty, and devotion to duty.
U.S. #288 pictures Fremont in the Rockies.
In 1853, Carson began serving as an agent for the Ute Indians. He gained their respect by working for their interests rather than those of white settlers. Carson and his wife Josefa often fed and housed Indians who were visiting Taos.
When

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.77351
Retrieved Text: A school district in Alabama has become the first in the state to begin implementing a new technology designated to protect teachers and students during active shooter situations.
The technology, called SafeDefend, is "a small box that will be in every room in the Limestone County School System. The device aims to mitigate response time, and protect student life all at the touch of a finger," according to WHNT.com.
The boxes will be available in every classroom and will give each teacher and classroom the opportunity to respond to situations that comprise safety by allowing them to instantly implement an escape and evacuation plan.
"The box uses biometric technology to activate, meaning teachers will use their thumbprint to open the box. The instant the SafeDefend is activated the exact classroom and school location is sent to all local and state first responders. This drastically reduces response time, shaving precious minutes off the arrival of aide," the article said.
The school board also says the boxes contain life-saving contents inside, but have chosen not discuss those contents at this time.
Every school in Limestone County will be equipped with the technology by the end of the first year, costing the school board approximately $350,000.
Limestone County's efforts are a quick response to the re-ignited debate of appropriate school safety methods after last week's shooting at a small Oregon community college that left ten dead.
Recently, presidential candidate Ben Carson prompted support and criticism after supporting armed teachers in schools to increase safety. “'If I had a little kid in kindergarten somewhere, I'd feel much

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.72104
Retrieved Text: “To transfuse, or not to transfuse?” Jeff Carson is lead author of the recently published 2016 AABB RBC Transfusion Threshold Guidelines, and he has terrific insights into how we should be making those decisions.
Dr. Jeff Carson from Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School led the development and publication of the recent article, “Clinical Practice Guidelines From the AABB: Red Blood Cell Transfusion Thresholds and Storage” published in JAMA online in October 2016. This project updated the 2012 AABB RBC Transfusion Guidelines (Dr. Carson was also lead author of the previous guidelines).
The new guidelines have produced much discussion at national meetings and in the medical press, and Dr. Carson is here to help us understand the background of the guideline development (including the assumptions and values the committee used to work through the many new, prospective articles published since the previous guidelines were released). He also discusses the value of randomized, prospective studies of RBC transfusion thresholds vs. the many observational, retrospective studies that have been published (hint: He and the committee like one type MUCH more than the other!). Finally, Dr. Carson takes us through the RBC guidelines specifically, including why the committee elected to recommend a threshold of 7 g/dL in most cases, but 8 g/dL in a few others.
NOTE: The article also discussed the AABB Committee’s recommendations regarding the “age of blood” discussion, and whether selecting freshest available blood makes a clinical difference in recipients. Please see BBGuy Essentials Episode 022 with Professor Nancy Heddle for further discussion on that issue.
DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.683392
Retrieved Text: Rhee has been a strong proponent of charter schools and currently chairs the board of St. Hope Public Schools, a Sacramento-based charter school organization started by her husband, Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson.
She supports the Common Core curriculum that is unpopular with many conservatives, and which Trump has vowed to end. Like Johnson a Democrat, Rhee split with the party in 2013 over her support of school-choice vouchers.
Two other candidates mentioned for education secretary under Trump – presidential contender Ben Carson and charter-school founder Eva Moskowitz – have declined consideration, according to published reports.
Crystal Strait, chief of staff for Johnson, declined to comment about any contact between Rhee and the Trump administration.
A spokesman for St. Hope was not immediately available.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.638666
Retrieved Text: Rutgers grad and former MTV host, Bill Bellamy, will be headlining shows this week at Punch Line Philly. According to Bellamy's bio (posted on Punch Line Philly's website), the comedian appeared on HBO's Def Comedy Jam before joining MTV, where he hosted shows like MTV Jams and MTV Beach House.
Bellamy has also appeared in several movies and TV shows, including "Any Given Sunday," "Tyler Perry's Meet The Browns," "Castle," and "Last Comic Standing."
The New Jersey native will be performing at Punch Line Philly this Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Tickets are available at PunchLinePhilly.com.
In 2017, E! Online did an article about former MTV hosts. Bellamy was included in the article along with Carson Daly, Ananda Lewis, Dave Holmes, Bryan McFayden and several other former hosts.
Punch Line Philly is located at 33 E. Laurel Street (near The Fillmore). Other shows this month include Chris DiStefano, Feb. 21-23, and Wanda Sykes, Feb. 26-27. Click here for more info.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.630735
Retrieved Text: Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson, the Palm Beach Gardens resident who is the only black member of President Donald Trump‘s Cabinet, has defended Trump and recalled his own encounter with a Confederate flag in a series of Facebook posts since Saturday’s deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va.
Ben Carson after the first GOP presidential debate in Cleveland in 2015.
Carson lived in Maryland while he was head of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins University. He retired and moved to West Palm Beach in 2013, then moved to Palm Beach Gardens in 2016. From his latest Facebook post, it appears he also has a residence in Northern Virginia for his HUD job.
“Regarding all of the racial and political strife emanating from the events in Charlottesville last weekend, let me relate a story,” Carson posted on Wednesday. “Several years ago we bought a farm in rural Maryland. One of the neighbors immediately put up a Confederate flag. A friend of ours who is an African-American three-star general was coming to visit and immediately turned around concluding that he was in the wrong place. Interestingly, all the other neighbors immediately put up American flags shaming the other neighbor who took down the Confederate flag. More recently our home in Virginia along with that of a neighbor was vandalized by people who also wrote hateful rhetoric about President Trump. We were out of town, but other kind, embarrassed neighbors cleaned up most of the mess before we returned.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.55782
Retrieved Text: Hei August 16, 2016 Here are a contributor. Freelance article. Want to implement. We promise, complex writing skills? Ezinearticles. Adrian chen writes about anything, choose the highest grade for writing great content. Blogging is a contributor. Do you looking for your academic papers. You the study guides and emotion with an idea in the best writing skills? Why risk and more! Want to get your guest posts – as long as an article writing makes you love? Or do you use big words? Although writing contains scores of their quality http://corason.com/rachel-carson-essay/ sites. Jul 27, ultrasound treatments, 2016 how can create articles about anything, alphabetize, 2016 how to grademiners? Here are the guide to tourism. According to write poor ever found yourself thinking, sign up to promote your thoughts on a choice. Here's a study published in 20 minutes. It's your money in wikipedia. It's doable! In minutes- without html programming. An inexpensive subscribe to work. Writing gives you use big words? In wikipedia. In minutes- without html programming. Buzzle. American scientist update: binary option web sites in the best writer and emotion with signs and self-editor. Do you not to get massive levels of sites. Jun 03, how to tourism. American scientist update: artificial symbiosis, 2010 there are lots of any writing skills? According to put in hundreds of re-writing. Our need apa citations? Writing is a myway email will help! Article click here articles. It is a blog.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.495733
Retrieved Text: Home History Encyclopedias almanacs transcripts and maps Carson, Christopher "Kit"
Kit Carson was "a symbol of the daring and intelligence by which the frontier was being extended."
The ultimate frontiersman, Kit Carson spent his career on the edge of the American frontier, exploring, taming, and conquering it. Guts and determination turned Carson from an illiterate runaway into a brigadier general. Fortunate to be friends with one of the greatest promoters of the American West, John C. Frémont (1813–1890; see entry), Carson was a humble man whose amazing exploits would become known to the world—in embellished form—and make him a national hero.
Christopher "Kit" Carson was born on December 24, 1809, in Madison County, Kentucky, the third son of Lindsay and Rebecca Carson. The family soon moved to Howard County, Missouri, which was considered the frontier at the time. Carson remembered in his autobiography that "for two or three years after our arrival, we had to remain forted and it was necessary to have men stationed at the extremities of the fields for the protection of those that were laboring." As a boy, Carson thrived on the frontier, learning to shoot, hunt, and protect himself. A quick learner, Carson seemed to have a bright future.
In 1818, when Carson was just nine years old, his father was killed when a tree branch fell on him. Although Carson's father had recognized his son's intelligence and hoped Kit would get a good education, Carson had to leave school to look after his family when his father died. Carson's mother remarried in 1822, and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.495558
Retrieved Text: Do you need to sell your home fast in Carson, California with no hassles or fees?
ExpertHomeOffers.comTM is the largest network of real estate experts who purchase homes fast. We connect you with local home buyers in Carson, California who want to purchase your home fast. Our affiliates in Carson, California are local to your area and professionals you can count on. At ExpertHomeOffers.comTM experience, integrity and honesty are part of every offer. Our #1 goal is to help you sell your Carson, California home fast!
If you would like to receive a fast, confidential, no-obligation offer on your home please complete our on-line seller form and our local Carson, California home buying expert will be in contact with you shortly.
We buy houses in Carson, California. We buy houses in any area, any price range, and any condition. The professionals at ExpertHomeOffers.comTM are experienced Home Buyers. We often give you multiple offers to choose from so you can sell your home fast! We can pay CA$H, take over your loan or lease option your home immediately.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.440544
Retrieved Text: An early morning adventure on a perfect weather day turned into an interesting ending (4Runner Problems), I’ll get to that later. The plan was to hit Hope Valley in the middle of October on October 15, but according to California Fall Color, everything was perfect on October 8th. A friend was supposed to join me on the mini day trip adventure and then sent me text message at 6am saying he had a headache, I think he just wanted to sleep in. I got up at 7am and was out the door by 7:30, grabbed some photography snacks and got on Highway 50.
The whole drive up highway 50 was epic. Trees everywhere were screaming for rain and snow. The day was beautiful and there were many good photography spots straight off highway 50. As you drive up highway 50 towards South Lake Tahoe to Hope Valley and Carson Pass Highway, you will easily get sidetracked. About every 15 minutes you will want to pull over and make your own photography spots along the way. The whole reason why I wanted to go up here was for the Red Creek Lake Cabin (The Iconic Hope Valley Cabin).
I pulled off the side once right before Kyburz to get a river shot (South Fork of the American River). For the most post, I mashed the 4Runner up the hill and headed straight for my target.
The Iconic Red Creek Cabin in Hope Valley is a stunning sight to see in October. Whether you come on the first, second or third

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.34169
Retrieved Text: Katie dropped Carson off in the morning and the fun started right away. The kids played at the house for a bit then headed to the playground where they met up with Aunt Mandie and Creighton.
Luckily the rain was brief and racing down the back yard hill quickly became the game of the afternoon.
followed by dinner, lots of dancing, balloon races and a bath.
...was jam packed with fun. We started with Patrick's soccer game in the morning. Patrick had a ton of fun playing and the three cousins hung out off-field (for the most part) watching all the 3-4 year-olds run around trying to play soccer. Angie said that when she told Madelyn she was going to put pigtails in her hair, Carson asked to have them too. It reminded Angie of Rhiannon, Mandie and her dressing alike when they were little so she put the little girls in matching jeans and pink shirts too.
3 cool kids getting ready for the game.
Seriously though Brandon, good luck. C is already eyeing the older soccer players.
I LOVE Creighton's hat. Such a cool kid.
Carson, Patrick, Jordan, Madelyn and Andrew, post-dessert.
And as if that wasn't enough excitement for one day we still had some fort building and movie watching to do. The kids snuggled up in their sleeping bags in our living room fort and watched Winnie the Pooh.
This is what Madelyn does when she's afraid she may fall asleep. She pops up every couple minutes to keep herself awake.
We thought we'd take it easy Sunday because of our crazy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.317669
Retrieved Text: The investigation is still ongoing, but investigators have "strong information" that the gunshot wound was self-inflicted.
Detectives with the Carson City Sheriff's Office determined that a man found with a gunshot wound to the chest after crashing his car Sunday afternoon had falsely reported that he had been shot, according to an update from the Carson City Sheriff's Office.
Detectives are still working to determine the exact nature of the incident, but they say no threat exists to the community.
The weapon used in the incident has been recovered and no other people are being sought in relation to this incident, according to the update.
First responders from Carson City Fire discovered that the driver in a Sunday afternoon single-vehicle crash at the intersection of Interstate 580 and College Parkway had been shot in the chest, according to a press release from the Carson City Sheriff's Office.
Paramedics treating the driver on scene discovered he had a small-caliber gunshot wound to the chest.
The driver, who lives in Washoe County, was transported to Renown Regional Medical Center by Care Flight.
Authorities are not releasing the identity of the driver at this time and his immediate medical condition is unknown, though he is expected to survive his injuries, according to the release.
Due to the severity of his injuries, detectives have been unable to interview the victim and haven't determined any useful leads.
Anyone with information concerning this incident is asked to contact the Carson City Sheriff’s Office at 775-887-2677.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.308662
Retrieved Text: This week's wet weather might give them something to talk about at the 2018 Water Summit on Jan. 30.
Hosted by the Carson Water Subconservancy and the Carson River Coalition at the Governor's Mansion in Carson City, the summit offers an overview of the Carson River.
The river's watershed occupies about 3,970 square miles.
Subconservancy Manager Ed James said the river's 184-mile long drainage is home to about 125,000, a number that's expected to more than double by the year 2050.
"We have to be aware of what goes on in the Truckee River basin, because it could have an impact on us," he told county commissioners last week.
A canal joins the Truckee and the Carson rivers at Fernley.
While 2017 saw a record amount of precipitation, there wasn't as much flooding as in prior years because of the previous dry period, James said.
"The flow was half of what we saw in 1997," he said. "It was not a huge flood event on the Carson. It was between a 20-25 year flood event. We will experience larger floods in the future."
The Carson River is administered by the Alpine Decree, which means the river is fully appropriated. According to James, 95 percent of that use is for agriculture, with floodwaters going to the Stillwater Project near Fallon.
Because there is no storage upstream, Carson Valley relies on snowpack to store water for irrigation.
James compared flows on the East Fork from 1941 through 1974 with those across 1975 to 2009, and found that flows have increased in March, April and May, but have decreased

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.165878
Retrieved Text: "Legally Speaking -- The Copyright Status of Unpublished Works" by Bryan M. Carson J.D., M.I.L.S.
Carson, Bryan M. J.D., M.I.L.S. (2002) "Legally Speaking -- The Copyright Status of Unpublished Works," Against the Grain: Vol. 14: Iss. 2, Article 17.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.101574
Retrieved Text: INDEPENDENCE, IA (KCRG) — About 20 percent of high school kids say they have been bullied on school grounds. That’s according to a report by the Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System.
16-year old Carson Orzechowski of Independence was bulled to the point where he thought of killing himself. He’s overcome his anxiety and is ready to help others.
Orzechowski has been taking online classes with Iowa Virtual Academy for the last year. He stopped going to his high school after being constantly picked on.
Orzechowski says he would have anxiety attacks when he ran into classmates outside of school. He eventually broke down. “I spent almost a week in a mental hospital,” he explained.
That’s when he realized he needed counseling. Mental Health experts say the best thing for kids to do when they’re bullied is to speak up, and parents should take them seriously.
“If kids are coming forth and we notice any behavioral changes like if they’re withdrawing, they seen pretty down, their grades all of a sudden are dropping to not just assume it’s a phase.” Said Kim Ellingson with Covenant Clinic Psychiatry.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.06697
Retrieved Text: CARSON CITY (FOX5) -- An inmate in northern Nevada had died inside a correctional facility, according to officials.
Curtis Perry, 65, died at approximately 1:57 p.m. inside Northern Nevada Correctional Center in Carson City, according to the Nevada Department of Corrections. Perry's cause of death was not yet known.

================



======= Instance Index 24026 =========
Input Text: Context: Ales thought of himself as simply another kid.

Question: How would you describe Alex?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: A silly kid

B: Confused

C: As a normal kid

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.36425
Retrieved Text: Boudicca's Battle Cry: September 22, 2010 Tyler Clementi said to the world "Jumping off the G-W Bridge. Sorry"
This child Tyler Clementi felt so despondent that he would take his own life. On September 22, 2010, Clementi took a train to New York and posted a mobile status update on his Facebook page that read, "Jumping off the gw bridge sorry”.
Before killing himself Tyler's roommate set up a video recorder and taped an intimate moment between Tyler and another man.
Tyler was an 18-year-old boy in his first year of college at Rutgers, who was trying to figure out who he was and where he fit into the world, as all 18-year-old children do.
He flung himself off the George Washington Bridge, killing himself after his roommate Dharun Ravi videotaped and then spread an intimate moment between Tyler and another man all over social media sites.
In hindsight, I would imagine that this kid Ravi never thought this little bit of cyber bulling would escalate into what it became.
Including this child throwing himself off a bridge.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.256907
Retrieved Text: Historically, I simply don't go out on "Black Friday." I prefer to spend the day with good leftovers, and good beer, perhaps preceded by a trip to the range. However this year, Adventure Brewing was celebrating the start of the holiday season with extended hours and the release of their Christmas Ale. This was worth venturing out for. Colleen and I headed up mid-afternoon, and after the tortuous drive through the local shopping mall area (What's wrong with you people?) we found the two-exit drive on the interstate to be quite easy.
Adventure was serving twelve different beers this weekend. They had all eight wall taps going, along with two jockey boxes. For those who are new to Adventure beers, they were offering a 12 beer tasting fight! We'd been to Adventure enough to have tried most of the beers, so we started right into the reason for our visit, the Christmas Ale.
The beer pours a cloudy, copper color with a thick beige head. Brewer Stan told us the beer was still young and would clear up with more time in the tank. Frankly, I expect a spiced Christmas Ale to have a bit of cloudiness to it. The aroma was pretty mild, with cinnamon and allspice over a biscuity malt. The spices revealed themselves more in the flavor. Some bitterness of citrus rind hangs in with the spices. It was quite tasty and I remarked to Colleen that maybe I should have remembered to bring along an empty growler for filling.
But, the real test in my

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.192453
Retrieved Text: Prairie Artisan Ales | Beer Apprentice - Craft Beer News, Reviews, Interviews and Info.
Hello everyone. Thanks for stopping by to read another craft beer review. Today, I’m going to be trying the Prairie Gold produced by Prairie Artisan Ales located in Krebs, Oklahoma.
This will be my first time reviewing a beer from Prairie Artisan Ales. I’ve heard nothing but good things about them, so I’m kind of excited about it.
Let’s get to the website, prairieales.com, and see what they have to say about this particular brew.
Sounds like my kind of beer!!!!
This beer came in a 25.4 oz. bottle and it had an ABV of 6.5% according to the label.
It poured a hazy, yellow/golden/orange color. A well sized, fizzy white head was formed from an easy pour. It dissipated rather quickly and little to no lacing was left on the sides of the tulip. I saw quite a bit of sediment floating about the liquid as well.
The nose smelled of soured lemon and grapes with some excellent musty funk involved. Bready and yeasty tones along with some grassy and floral tones as well. This thing was very well balanced and harmonized. I liked the aroma for sure.
The taste also had a good deal of lemon citrus and soured grapes. Very white wine like. A slight acidity was present, but definitely not enough to distract. Some grassy tones and a bit of yeastiness actually helped pull it back a tad.
The mouthfeel was medium bodied. Crisp, bitey, sharp and dry. The carbonation was fairly lively and a very nice

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.087109
Retrieved Text: You wouldn’t be having any idea that what a simple children’s game can do. Who would have thought that the rock paper scissors game can make people go out of their limits? This happened at the elementary school of Ocala, where the school resource officer was called because a student exposed himself in front of all of his classmates while playing rock paper scissors.
Next, the school’s principal took immediate action and reported the incident to the resource officer. The incident took place in the school’s cafeteria, then the principal and the officer joined to investigate the students then it became confirm that the student exposed himself.
Kids these days are just getting out of hands and you wouldn’t believe that one kid who witnessed everything also mentioned that the boy was trying to have fun. Another witness said that the entire event was unsolicited and the boy even said “look” before exposing himself to the class. one other witness also shares that most of the students were busy playing rock paper scissors when the kid did the act and she observed that he pulled his pants down to expose himself. These witnesses have given their statements to the sheriff’s officer.
Though the student was guilty and also hesitant to speak up about the incident with the deputy officer and the principal, however, he did confess that he exposed himself. You will be shocked to hear that the kid describe the reason that nobody has never asked to see his private parts, therefore, he attempted to do it as

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.085835
Retrieved Text: You know what, it sounded more innocent and funny at the time. Tom was dressing up with the garland today, and calling himself Weed Man. I guess he thought my garland looked like a weed. I thought it was cute.
Then, as I was downloading these photos, I thought about another meaning for "Weed Man". Nice, my kid is calling himself "Weed Man", and doesn't even realize what he's saying. Of course, it took me 5 hours to figure out the double inendo too.
Haha, the first thing I thought of was the superhero tandem of Bluntman and Chronic (from the Kevin Smith films). I guess that shows you were my mind is.
The last one is the best pose, and I guess that makes Joe his sidekick.
Yeah, Joe was wrapped in yellow tinnsel. I called him Yellow Tinnsel Man, and he got man. Apparently, he was Gold Man. Sorry, how was I supposed to know?
Then, when he quit playing, Weed Man took Gold Man's gold, and became Gold Weed Man. Let me tell ya, it was quite the exciting day at the Harty House!
TOOOO funny. . thats our Tom!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.862358
Retrieved Text: A few years back, Will Tatchell departed Tasmania to take up a brewing job at Guinness in Ireland. He never made it, the dream position dashed by an email that landed in his inbox while he travelled through Nepal with his dad telling him the job had gone. Undaunted, he continued on to the UK, sent emails to 100 breweries from the Orkneys in the north of Scotland to the south coast of England and landed a place at Milton, in the university city of Cambridge.
"Part of the job was to walk into these colleges with Harry Potter like dining halls and try to sell the brewery's beers," says Will. "The Aussie accent seemed to help!"
Within two weeks of starting, he was brewing by himself, immersing himself in the art of brewing real ales - and developing a love for British ales that he brought back with him to Australia in 2006. Faced with a choice of working for another brewery or starting his own, he chose the latter, installing a brewery on family land outside Evandale. It's a beautiful spot, with the brewery shed set among 100-year-old oak trees (the ones on Van Dieman's labels) in the rolling countryside just south of Launceston.
After 25 trial batches, Will finally released his first beers - a Pale, an Amber and a Stout based on beers he'd brewed in the UK - on Anzac Day in 2009. He continued with the British theme, producing ESBs, IPAs and a Hedgerow ale that uses berries from the farm, all of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.80233
Retrieved Text: A sketch of two Rubik’s cubes, a grown-up (possibly a parent) and a kid and a happy lego dog.
I wanted to work with color and simple shapes as well as a simple narrative. It all started out with me doodling a Rubik’s cube and giving it a face. I started to think of situations the cube would find himself in and thought it would be funny if he had a pet. I thought a single piece of lego with a face would be both fun and suitable. Further I thought it would be funny if there were two cubes a grown-up and a kid, as if the kid was getting a new pet.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.263037
Retrieved Text: In certain circles, the idea of being woke—being cognizant of the realities and struggles faced by marginalized people—is a key component to agitating for social change and justice.
In other circles, wokeness is something to be performed for an audience so that they might understand just how down with the cause(s) you are.
But in the case of two small, independent brewing companies, "staying woke" isn't either of these things. It's a flavor of beer you should want to drink.
Both The Veil Brewing Co., located in Richmond, Virginia, and Antagonist Ales, a NYC-based microbrewery, have produced small batches of craft IPAs dubbed "Stay Woke" that seemingly have nothing to do with social consciousness and everything to do with ham-handedly co-opting a phrase the companies thought sounded cool.
While Veil makes a point of noting its beer's dank, intense, hoppiness, Antagonist Ales takes things a step further by explaining that the decision on the beer's name was inspired by the "death" of the brewery's first attempt at making booze.
"Our first beer came up dead. [We] needed an awakening," Antagonist Ales' description of their Stay Woke version reads. "Bursting with Citra hops, Stay Woke claws its way up from six feet deep to provide a pale ale hell-bent on enjoyable consumption."
Given the fact that many people have used the phrase "stay woke" as a warning to others in the aftermath of brutal, racially-charged police shootings that have left black and brown people dead, one wonders whether the people at Antagonist Ales fully understood the gravity of the name that they'd chosen.
When

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.230743
Retrieved Text: You can actually trace the craft beer revolution back to patient zero—Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Back when it was released in 1980, stores and bars alike were full of standard lagers. The crisp, hoppy beer was a blast of flavor the country didn't know it needed. It has become somewhat of the godfather of the brew ever since.
If you want a hoppy beer, a pale ale is like a punch in the teeth. Bitter and aromatic, this style of pale ale is almost truly an American invention, and if you're a fan, you'd put it right up there with baseball, the telephone and Chevrolet. Let's face it: All are of equal importance.
What Are the Characteristics of Pale Ale?
Made with pale malt, a pale ale is distinctly hoppy, more so than other ales or lagers. This high content of pale hops also results in a lighter color and a refreshing taste. However, pale ales, like tastes in most things, varies from North America to Europe. A British pale ale is fruity and malty, while the American pale ale is bitter and aromatic. So, whether you like smelling flowers or eating a plum, there are pale ale varieties for each individual's tastes. Pale ales also allow you a huge range of food options to indulge your inner kid, with burgers, chicken wings and pizza all mixing brilliantly.
India pale ale is another popular version of pale ale, but it's not made in India. It's typically more hoppy than British or American pale ale, but its origins are strictly from

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.060658
Retrieved Text: From Captaincumfarts: And you thought your day at work was bad.
Estaban2 Commenter: My first job was McDonald's. I walked in for my first shift, and the manager told me to take over what another coworker was doing for my first task ever, cleaning the ice cream machine.
I promptly blew up that ice cream machine, and caused $900 in damages. There was a flash, smoke, and a 17 year old kid about to piss himself.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.044373
Retrieved Text: Often, when we hear of youngsters being arrested for crimes, sometimes quite abhorrent crimes, you will get the glut of soundbites – ‘Oh, he was a good kid.’ ‘He kept himself to himself.’ ‘He was quiet, never thought he would do that.’ You know the sort of thing I mean.
In America, someone has questioned the ‘good kid’ scenario in the case of a young man arrested by police for trespassing (amongst other things) and the community are arguing that he’s a good kid and the police have got it wrong. Is he? Have they?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.99316
Retrieved Text: After his near-death experience, Takayuki was a much more loving and less judgemental person.
I thought Pamela might know where Holly put the key.
Sandeep wanted to ask Ramesh a favor.
Tony says he feels like he might throw up.
How can you tell Shai is a policeman?
Lila was sort of shy as a kid.
I have no idea where Rajendra is.
Marlena looked at the picture.
Sedovic asked me to give you something.
Naim fell asleep halfway through the movie.
Rathnakumar Jackson is one of the world's highest-priced tax consultants.
Stefan and Murthy need to take a break from each other.
Here's a picture of Shannon.
Is that what you want, Merat?
Joyce took a shortcut through a dark alley.
Christina soon adapted himself to school life.
Phil has agreed to work for us.
Horst can touch the ceiling.
We don't need to help Ernie at all.
Sylvan immediately drove to pick up Tai from school.
I'm probably not as hungry as Elisabeth is.
Matthieu has just got himself another beer.
I know that Damone rescued me.
Ahmet speaks ill of Louie.
You shouldn't have borrowed Steven's car.
Emmett was diagnosed with ADHD.
Stephanie was released from prison last month.
Pierre thought that Anthony didn't drive a car.
Maureen promised to clean his room.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.950077
Retrieved Text: Whoever scorns another depreciates himself. Whoever sees another less than the image of God, defaces his vision of the excellence of his own true being and of the righteousness of God. Whoever declares another’s fallen condition, admits his own and lays himself open to like temptation, for we be brethren; one cannot sneer at another’s weakness and be quite strong himself. One cannot desire to find in another the marks of impurity and not find himself less pure. In Christian Science it is realized that the admission of evil into thought is a crime against the thinker, and its presence is his punishment.
One needs to protect himself from his own false beliefs alone; therefore, the only wrong thinker, or mental malpractitioner, there is or can be is one’s self. The beam in one’s own eye is the whole of evil. Of what does our human concept consist, and who created it? All our warfare is located within the confines of our thought. Evil cannot be located, because it cannot be confined.
When you see error, you must destroy the seeming power for all, as well as for yourself. I heal you because I heal myself. We will see the idea and its identity when thought is spiritualized. Each individualized consciousness is ever in touch with all other individual thought — the universal Christ consciousness. God’s idea of us is the only idea we can have of ourselves. The only way to get at anyone is to get at them through God. Man is simply the idea of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.946144
Retrieved Text: Intralite is a busy and fast growing Slovenian rental company that was among the first in the country to invest in MegaPointes with a purchase of 12 from Slovenian distributor MK Light Sound. In the last 18 months, Intralite has also invested in Spiiders - twice, 12 quickly followed by another 12 - and MMX WashBeams, all of which have been added to their existing Robe rental stock.
They service a lot of high quality shows explains owner Ales Pirman. There is plenty of business in the dynamic Slovenian market which is action packed for a small country, and due to its central location and outstanding landscapes and environment, hugely in-demand for numerous international events. Ales’s clients all “expect us to have serious kit” he elucidates.
The launch of the MegaPointe was great timing for Intralite as Ales was looking for some multi-purpose fixtures to cover the diversity of events they service. He attended the demo staged by MK Light Sound for the new light and placed his order shortly afterwards.
“I needed a hybrid that I could use in any location and for any type of event – a wide application fixture is important for smaller markets like Slovenia, (the total population is just over 2 million) and this can be a beam, a spot or a wash, and is also great for concerts and music shows,” he stated.
He recently used the new MegaPointes and around 150 other Robe fixtures across two sites on a massive event for the Petrol Group corporation at Ljubljana’s Gospodarsko Razstavišče Sejem.
Before the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.643627
Retrieved Text: Wally West was in his room at his family home in Blue Valley, trying to relax. He had just finished his semester at the Community College, but that was the last thing on his mind. It’s no use. I can’t even read a simple book, he thought. There’s been so much on my mind these past few months: Barry’s trial and my testimony that nearly put him away, Quitting the Teen Titans was hard as well, even though most of the time, I felt like an outsider. I joined them because of Raven. Wally closed the book and walked downstairs to his kitchen.
Raven. I think there will always be a part of me that will love her. I even rejoined the Titans briefly in order to find her. I’ll never forget the sight of seeing her in her demonic form. It chilled me to the bone. I’d like to think we saved her… at least her soul, and put an end to Trigon. Still, it was on that mission that I experienced the first of my pains.
In the kitchen, Wally walked to the refrigerator and pulled out a gallon of orange juice. Opening one of the kitchen cabinets, he pulled out a glass, which he filled. He then placed the juice back in the fridge and sat down at the kitchen table. The muscles in my legs cramping up seemed normal enough. I mean, I thought my speed was just slowing down, but the pains in my chest and heart told me something different. The tests

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.553247
Retrieved Text: Hot day, so thought it best to keep things short. Sleepy Hollow provided checkout services for the aquisition of flour.
Lush came along for a walk while I laid the trail - but was short on memory to remember the route. She did recall seeing a hare (the type with big floppy ears, as opposed to the type with bags of flour) running across the field.
We were short of GM and HMs so Shagpile stood in (neither the Count nor Double Entry seemed overly keen to take on the circle).
Introductions were brief, and it was on out down a narrow footpath.
Shaggy and Cardiac made it along for the first time for a while.
Trail was on the short side, we were back at the pub after about 45 minutes for selection of Ales. Shuffle awarded down-downs (and received one himself), Submissive received her certificate from the recent H5x4 challenge and various others received beverages for various perceived (read: "imagined") misdemeanours.
Is the circle getting a bit girlie?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.202084
Retrieved Text: HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! HAPPY CHANUKAH!!! HAPPY KWANZAA… AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SEASONAL NOD!!!
This is going to be a very fLuid (yeah, I know) piece as we try some of the brews below throughout the evening and the next day or two. As we have observations, we’ll edit them in and let you know via facebook and Twitter. But let’s get to it… cut to the chase, as it were.
Thought I’d share what, going into Christmas Eve, is in the YBN beer fridge! As many of you know, I’m not big on super spiced/infused seasonals. I’ve found a couple Fall pumpkin based ales that are lovely, because they don’t make me feel like I’m drinking a liquid pumpkin pie, but there’s a narrow tightrope being walked on that subject, if for no other reason than a lot of folks LIKE that kind of brew.
I’ve had a couple Christmas brews over the years that I’ve liked, but I still go with brews that might better reflect the season in terms of weather, temperature, the type of foods that might be devoured… less looking for Egg Nog Ale here.
We have very much liked a couple of North Peak’s IPAs in the past, so figured it was a benign enough name we could give it a try. Beyond benign by miles. Dark, sweet, hoppy wonderfulness. These guys simply know beer!
Tried this while a visitor was trying one of the Festivus Ales, so I could compare a little. It was darker, drier, and less bitter. The chocolate melding with the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.16654
Retrieved Text: The Ormskirk Baron: Looking forward to 'baron rating' Odell ales very soon!
Looking forward to 'baron rating' Odell ales very soon!
I really love the label design and bottle tops on these bottles - so much thought has gone into the look (and feel) of the bottles. I hope the beer lives up to the presentation!
Look out for 'baron ratings' for these Odell ales soon, and a big thank you to Richard from myBrewerytap for sending these through to me!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.879244
Retrieved Text: A visit to the Cotswolds should always include experiencing some of the local ales, lagers and ciders that are created here. We have picked 10 of our favourite breweries that are on our doorstep.
The Yubberton Brewery was a lifelong ambition of the owners of The Ebrington Arms near Chipping Campden to produce their own ales exclusively for The Ebrington Arms and sister pub, Oxfordshire’s The Killingworth Castle. These include a Yubby Bitter, Yawnie Bitter and a Yubby Pale Ale!
Hook Norton Brewery produce many award winning ales and can be found in lots of pubs and outlets around the Cotswolds! The create a great range of seasonal cask ales using the best ingredients and uniquely tradition techniques to produce the beer!
Deya is the new kid on the block in the ever-growing micro-brewery scene in Cheltenham. Created with a passion to improve ones beer swilling experience, Deya have created a delightful pale ale oozing with great flavours and aromas. Visit their taproom open every Friday in the town!
​Located in Bourton on the Water, The Cotswold Brewing Co were one of the first micro-breweries to concentrate on kegs rather thank casks. Throughout the last decade they have created some delicious lagers, IPA's, wheat beer, stout and their delightful, yet quick to make your legs wobble, cider!
Based in Cheltenham, Bobby has created a deliciously crisp pilsener style premium lager which can be found all over the south of the UK from Birmingham to London via Bristol and Oxford.
Brewing started at the beautiful watermill that is home to Donnington Brewery in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.856588
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately I don’t have any suggestions on trailers as I didn’t get back onto my bike until my oldest had been riding for awhile and my youngest simply wasnt’ intersted.
I did want to say that some of my friends have just taken the cranks off their regular little kid bikes to make a balance bike. Same deal, much less expensive since little kid bikes are a dime a dozen more places.
My kids ultimately got sick of the trailer and I abandoned it. Mr T (4.5y) and Miss K (3y) fought CONSTANTLY because they were always touching one another. I even reinforced the underside of the seat thinking less sagging would equal less touching, but no. Still they fought.
Oh, and then there’s the distance factor – we couldn’t talk to each other. Well, in reality, it’s more like I couldn’t yell at them to STOP TOUCHING EACH OTHER!!!
If you’re looking for a quick fix, I’d put the little one on the back of your bike in a child seat and let the big guy have the trailer to himself. Or vice-versa – Mr T gets a kick out of being my “signal man” in his rear seat.
The non-quick fix is of course to get a cargo bike. I LOVE my cargo bike.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.802553
Retrieved Text: Poor Mojo's Classic Fiction: Michael_Pelc "Paco in Heaven"
Paco Mondragon had lived a proper life. He did not drink. He did not smoke. He did not cuss. He did not even play golf.
And so, last Tuesday morning, at the intersection of Cerrillos Road and St. Francis Drive, when he was run over and killed by a beer truck whose brakes had failed, Paco felt reasonably confident that his soul would rise up into heaven just the way Father Trujillo had told him it would. He did not even mind so much the fact that he was dead, except that last Tuesday night would have been the first game of the World Series. Perhaps, Paco thought to himself, they have cable up here.
During his lifetime, Paco had thought a lot about heaven. He'd envisioned the moment of his arrival countless times: little blonde, curly-haired angels with rosy-red cheeks would be playing harps and trumpets and floating on clouds; St. Peter would be wearing a magnificent, flowing white robe and sitting on a large ornate throne; the pearly gates would sparkle brilliantly in the sunshine. St. Peter would check his Book of Deeds to be sure he had the right Paco Mondragon, trumpets would blare, the gates would open, and Paco would float on through.
In all of Father Trujillo's sermons about heaven, Paco couldn't remember a single one in which the kindly priest had ever mentioned a ring-bell-for-service post-it note. Nonetheless, he took the metaphysical equivalent of a deep breath, closed his eyes and rang the bell.
"Whadya want, kid?"

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.577394
Retrieved Text: Articles & Studies on D.A.R.E.
In his many years as Itawamba County’s D.A.R.E. Officer, Terry Fortune has seen a lot of kids through some of the most potentially-difficult times in their young lives. Sixth grade is the beginning of a transition, those precarious preteen years in which the shine of childhood has begun to rub away. There are a lot of challenges just around the corner. Fortune always prided himself in being someone to whom young students could look up to for a bit of guidance.
Literally look up to, by the way. For those who’ve never had the pleasure to speak with Fortune face-to-face, he’s approximately 18-feet-tall, give or take a few inches. In the recent-retiree’s 14 years teaching the local version of the nation’s most prominent anti-drug and bullying program, he’s used his towering presence and booming voice to his advantage. He’s prone to surprising his students with sudden outbursts. When he bumps into former students out in public, he often greets them with a cocked eyebrow, an incredulous glare, as if they could have possibly been up to something, and a friendly but intense impromptu interrogation.
“I love to aggravate the students,” Fortune said with a wry smile. He said it in his usual bone-dry way, which makes it difficult to tell if he’s being genuine or facetious. Likely, it’s a bit of both. It’s a tone that’s served him well over the years. It’s ingratiated him to his students. Fortune may be an authority figure and a giant, but he’s got a sense of humor

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.569155
Retrieved Text: Welcome to "A Proper Pub"
Dating from the 17th Century, this Grade-II-listed inn is thought to have been converted to public-house use in the 1800s.
Landlady and landlord Sheena and Andrew, who hail from Yorkshire, reopened the Victoria Inn in December 2010 and have cultivated a traditional friendly pub atmosphere, so although you will not find either Sky TV or pool tables, you will encounter cheerful welcoming staff and friendly chatty locals.
Quality Fine Ales and Real Cider!
Since Andrew and Sheena have run the pub, it has developed an enviable reputation for the quality of its fine ales. Being a free house, real ales are sourced from all across the country, although local beers are by no means neglected. In the last 12 months, over 100 different ales have been served. The summer beer festival was well attended with a selection of 30 ales all CAMRA or SIBA award winners. Click on the beer festival tab for information on this years event. A selection of Real ciders from local and countrywide producers are always available from the dedicated “Cider Bar”. Early 2013 saw our first Cider festival featuring 21 ciders. Seeking to serve all manner of customers, the pub contains a wide variety of seating areas – a comfortable sofa area, a traditional low-table area that doubles as a performance space and which has a real fire in winter, a more contemporary high-table high-seat area, the convivial bar itself, a sheltered courtyard festooned in summer with hanging baskets a haven for sun worshippers (and smokers!) and a covered converted

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.51626
Retrieved Text: On many a Sunday as a kid playing chase the ace in the club with my grandad, on my first LEGAL pint round town and as recent as a night out with the good wife in the square The Cockle Man has served me up a treat of cockles with a dash of vinegar as I’ve enjoyed a few pale ales in Nottingham. He’s heard all the jokes “have you got crabs mate” but has still walked his way round Nottinghams pubs and bars with his basket of fresh seafood, white over coat and hat.
A local Nottingham media group followed him with camera as he went about his business and realised a short film to mark his service and give a insight into one of the most recognisable figures in Nottingham.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.496958
Retrieved Text: The Eight Bells is a pub restaurant situated in the heart of the village of Long Crendon, Buckinghamshire. Book a table now and enjoy!
Come inside our charming pub for our fantastic menu’s of high quality dishes and locally sourced produce. From our perfect steaks to stone baked pizzas, we have something for everyone!
From pints of real ale to great wines to simply enjoy as a drink or with food.
Up to 5 guest ales, craft lagers and ciders.
Along with our resident ales XT 4 & Ringwood.
Available to eat in or take - away.
Want to receive the latest news in your Inbox?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.412022
Retrieved Text: A new brewery, with a unique story, is taking on the well-established craft-brewing scene in San Diego. Dubbed Airdale Brewing Company, the brewery is founded by Tony Clarke, a former Naval aviator with a passion for home brewing. “I wanted to be a part of the incredible craft beer scene here in San Diego,” says Clarke who worked as a flight instructor at NAS North Island on Coronado.
So what inspired Clarke to take this career chance? A combination of things factored in, from his desire to work for himself to his passion for craft beer to a need to challenge himself. But in the end, he simply wanted to create great craft beer. Armed with a self-written business plan, investment money from friends and family, a brewery to brew at, and an award-winning local brewmaster in brewer David Lusk, Clarke brewed Airdale’s first batch in August. And his gamble paid off. Now Airdale’s three beers—Altitude (an American pale ale), Horizon (an American Hefeweizen), and Homecoming (a spiced holiday porter)—can be found in more than a dozen notable local establishments, including the USS Midway Museum, Local Pub & Eatery, Point Loma Sports Grill & Pub, and Neighborhood.
Airdale’s success stems from the fact that Clarke and Lusk use only the finest malts and hops available, paired with premium yeast strains and water tailor-conditioned for each specific beer style. And San Diego serves as the perfect backdrop for such a launch, with its unbeatable aviation culture and more than 30 microbreweries and brewpubs located in the area. “I wanted

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.376932
Retrieved Text: I like Les’ Copaque Production’s Upin & Ipin series. Well, actually Nevan & Diego like it, and I simply tag along. Last night as I watched it with the kids, the idea for today’s ink drawing began to form.
You see, there is this one particular kid whose story has been written into blog entries by his dad. I vaguely remember this kid posing in front of a big picture of Upin. Or Ipin? Or both? Doesn’t matter. I remember how I found his facial expression resembled that of the picture.
Well, if you can recognize the kid and at the same time think he resembles Upin, or Ipin, or both, it means I did a good job blending him with the cartoon characters.
Now, tell me. Can any of you recognize this kid? Or should we wait until the kid reveals himself?
~ by edwinlives4ever on October 21, 2014.
Want the scanned image? Just give me your e-mail address and I’ll send it to you ASAP.
nanti saya boleh upload di blog saya?
Sure, you may do whatever you want with the pic. It’s yours.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.291523
Retrieved Text: So, we thought we’d take a look at some of our local breweries and the best local watering holes to enjoy a nice cold pint in.
Located just 12 miles from Peebles is the Broughton Brewery which produces a number bottled beers as well as a wide variety of permanent and seasonal cask ales.
Since opening in 1979 they have grown and grown in popularity and their beers and ales can now be found in a number of countries across the world, reaching as far afield as Canada!
You can keep up with all their latest news via their Twitter feed or, if you fancy treating yourself to a taste of the Borders, visit their online shop to see a selection of their most popular products.
Springtime in the Borders is absolutely fantastic and there’s nothing better, after a day of exploring, than enjoying a nice cold pint in the sunshine.
The Cross Keys – Originally built in 1693, this is the oldest inn in Peebles and was recently taken over and refurbished by the Wetherspoons chain. It has been brought bang up to date with a modern décor and large beer garden.
The Bridge Inn – Fantastic little pub with a real local feel that hosts a number of events including live music, quiz nights and games nights. Plenty of options on tap and they regularly have local guest ales and beers.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.219604
Retrieved Text: We're throwing a party for a couple of friends who moved from Devon to Australia and these two pubs are their favourite.
We're trying to find out what their favourite beer might have been and where we can get it from.
Can anyone tell me what beers they have on tap at these pubs and what the favourite beer might be at each???
I don't think it's going to be easy getting stock in Australia though!
I'm assuming you are in Oz?
Were your friends regulars in these pubs and would the landlord have known their names? I would guess your friends drink real ale as opposed to the keg bitter and lager that just about every pub sells?
I once sent a mate a case of a well known British brand of lager when he lived in Australia because he was missing his home comforts. I tried a few courier companies and they quoted me a fortune (because of the weight) but I was lucky enough that an uncle of another mate was in that line of business and helped us out. You might be lucky if you are able to find these ales on a website because I doubt they'd be in your local bottlo.
It's commendable thought from one mate to another so best of luck with your efforts.
What the heck! I rang them myself.
The Ye Old Jolly Sailor is currently selling Sharp's Doom Bar, Bass and Red Rock Darkness.
The Ship Inn is currently selling Young's Winter Warmer, Fuller's Jack Frost, St Austell Cornish Tribute, Fuller's London Pride and Wells

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.206139
Retrieved Text: There’s a photograph of Matt La Porte on his MySpace page.
It’s years old, blurry, taken during his first semester at military school, back when his nickname was Turtle. The kid, head cocked forward, grins from within a bulky coat and peers through large round glasses at the camera. His friends have posted comments about how young he looks.
There’s another photograph of La Porte, this one on the Virginia Tech Corps of Cadets Web page.
It’s a more recent picture and, in his crisp blue ROTC uniform, La Porte clearly grew up a lot in the time between. But his smile, which is as much eyes as it is mouth, remains more or less the same.
“In September, 1999, a troubled boy found himself here, thinking his parents should have given him another chance,” La Porte wrote of himself in the 2005 yearbook for Carson Long Military Institute, in New Bloomfield, Pa. “He thought he wouldn’t make it here, but he was stuck, so he had to make the best of the situation. He began to make friends … he started to make promotions.
La Porte apparently brought those lessons with him to Virginia Tech, where he was a recipient of the Emerging Leader Scholarship from the Corps of Cadets. He joined the Air Force ROTC on campus, played tenor drums with the Highty-Tighties and was tapped for the Air Force Special Operations Prep Team.
According to Virginia Tech junior Jonathan Kaczanowski , who helped supervise La Porte’s initiation, joining AFSOPT is “a three-week-long process, like rushing a fraternity” except it

================



======= Instance Index 14536 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan skips breakfast to run instead.

Question: How would Jan feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: not hungry in the morning

B: an avid runner

C: Tired

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.510197
Retrieved Text: Our premium forklift self-tipping skips are the ideal way to transfer materials and rubbish. Manufactured with a heavy-duty lid ensures that contents stay securely within the tipping skip until the moment of tipping.
The forklift self-tipping skip model’s body is manufactured in 3mm mild steel plate. In order to strengthen our tipping skips further and make them more durable we re-enforce the tops of the tipping skips. All other manufacturers bend the top of the tipping skips sides and backs at a 90 degree angle. We go one step further and force the angle back on itself, creating a strengthened D shape return.
All of our Forklift tipping skips are mounted on either a 4-way entry base or 2-way entry (suitable for castors). The 4-way entry bases allow for the forklift tipping skips to be lifted from either the back or from the sides. Other features of our tipping skips include a tip handle which simply releases the skip, a self-return and automatic reset mechanism once the tipping skip is empty, and a safety retaining chain that allows you to secure the tipping skip to the forklift, thereby stopping the tipping skip from sliding off the forks.
Forklift tipping skip fork tunnels are made using 4mm steel tunnels & unlike some competitors skips they have a 5mm re-enforcing steel bar. This re-enforcing bar is critical for minimising wear and tear to the tipping skip. Forklift Forks can run through the entire forklift tipping skip if they are long enough, however most forks are between 1000mm and 1220mm, with our

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.547792
Retrieved Text: Oatmeal is one of the most common and popular breakfast choices for Americans. It’s comforting, filling and delicious.
This recipe for oatmeal skips the grains altogether which is an added plus for those looking to avoid them. Instead delicious sweet fruit is used to mimic the consistency and comfort of oatmeal, with the added bonus of a ton of healing properties from the fruit.
This is a quick and easy to make recipe perfect for both adults and children. This recipe is enough for one adult as a light breakfast or as a snack. You can double or even triple the recipe if you like if you are hungry. And with an oatmeal as nourishing like this, you can enjoy it any time of day!
Place the bananas, apple, and cinnamon in a food processor and pulse until chunky and creamy.
Transfer the mixture to a bowl and top with raisins, cinnamon and/or chopped apples. You can also add fresh berries, chopped pears or any other fruit of choice.
1 Spray 3 1/2- to 4-quart slow cooker with cooking spray. In slow cooker, mix all ingredients.
2 Cover; cook on Low heat setting 6 to 8 hours. Serve porridge with brown sugar and milk or cream, as desired.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.514349
Retrieved Text: TheBUZZ Skipping meals will help with weight loss. can jump-start a range of physiological processesboth good and bad.
All of this means that skipping meals can too easily lead to weight gain. Lose weight by eating smaller, healthier meals throughout the day. May 22, 2017. three squares) and a healthy weight, the research remains inconclusive.
is it good for loosing weight. Jamie GrillGetty Images. Can nuts burn fat skip the alcohol in the evening even a glass is skipping lunch good for weight loss good red wine has. Reasons for Skipping Lunch Effects of Skipping Lunch Lunch Ideas Timing. Rather than waiting until you feel like youre starving, have healthy.
I do think it is fine (even good) to listen to your body and skip a session when needed. Feb 22, 2014. Dec 26, 2007.
Intermittent fasting also has a number of added benefits over strict calorie restriction. There are studies that show that skipping dinner doesnt have a significant effect on weight loss compared to skipping other meals of the day. Dec 26, 2007. More recently, I have refined my views on skipping breakfast. Jan 12, 2010. skipping meals to lose weight. I also think that skipping 2-4 meals per week is good. Eating a healthy breakfast with lean protein and diet-friendly whole. Jan 12, 2015. The researchers found that skipping meals during is skipping lunch good for weight loss day and eating one large meal in the evening resulted slender blender diet plan potentially risky metabolic changes. Minifasting How Occasionally Skipping Meals May Boost Health.
May 9, 2013. When

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.114534
Retrieved Text: It's strictly a Windows client side issue when the server is Gearbox / OP4. I just realized how old this was after that last comment. You are welcome. Thanks for response.
[AMXX] Run time error 10 (plugin "gungame.amxx") (native "callfunc_begin_i") - debug not enabled!
Commenting out the 2 lines as posted just prolongs the Windows client crash. Instead of Satchel they crash 1 up on tripmine.
No bots. We had 10 reals. I strip down mod so nothing else is running to interfere. I have a long list of disabled plugins just to test this.
Last edited by GordonFreeman (RU); 01-11-2019 at 10:05.
// Draw_LevelsInHud(id,3) // TODO: cvar ?
The original suggestion should have done it. Sorry about that. I failed to copy the recompile properly.
I did make a couple other adjustments like put skips in. That speeds up the game by reducing levels. Windows pops after so many levels was initial bug. The Windows player was able to play all the rounds with recompile and skips added. I am retrying with icon back to 1. The non-standard mapchooser I coded into the plugin and it is working fine now too. Thank you.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.749813
Retrieved Text: There were four succeeded days, sporty & exciting at the beautiful Westerwald/ Germany. Coach Malte prepared a great Work Out & Fitness schedule, In- & Outdoor, for all the participants. It was a great kick out of it for all, but have a look by yourself here´s the photo gallery with all facts around!
FITNESS TRIP by Prime Sports even 2016 sporty & splashy!
There were really four great days at the rustic westerwald in germany. Accommodates were the participants and the hosts malte & sandra kottmann, even as hunting dog mixed lady taxi at the enchanting 4 stars superior wellness hotel heinz. At the day of arrival directly a hike to the Köppel was outspoken through the nice Westerwald, for sure with functional training elements and a view of halfway which impressed & to regain one´s natural strength. For the second day an early morning exercise comes first, a little run outdoor with work out breaks, push – ups, skips and jumps and all well being activities whom makes more being up for a healthy breakfast. Afterwards a 3 hour indoor session was following with power plate® and a rope skipping contest, were all the participants brave kept up and passed intersected 250 skips in 2 minutes – props to all! The atmosphere were fantastic and a maximum motivation. So the Flexibar® Work Out was madly exhausting but all participants sticked it out. Coach Malte got also for the third day a thrilled schedule. A ca. 30 km long Mountain Bike tour followed through the beautiful and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.747147
Retrieved Text: Jan 9, - Vanessa Hudgens has clearly found a workout she loves. Vanessa Hudgens is raring to go as she skips to dance class in racy stockings Vanessa was also wearing a baggy black top and chunky mustard scarf, along with. vanessa hudgens #nylon #pantyhose #feet #stockings #tights #celebrity. Discover ideas about Pantyhose Legs. I Love Women Who Wear Suntan Pantyhose.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.67191
Retrieved Text: Wigan Skip Hire provide a range of domestic and commercial skips for those located in Westhoughton and surrounding areas. We have many mini and maxi skips available, which are perfect for all home improvement projects; but also, industrial skips and enclosed compactor bins, suiting your personal and business waste disposal demands.
Our family run business has an abundance of expert knowledge, hence why skip hire in Westhoughton has never been quite so easy! As with any of our services, domestic skip hire provided by Wigan Skips is professional, we don’t compromise your specific needs and requirements, we aim to meet and exceed them!
We offer Westhoughton skips in various sizes, starting out as small as 2-cubic yards and maximising to 40-cubic yards! If you’re looking for Westhoughton skip hire for your business, our commercial skips are extremely spacious and accommodate for an array of waste materials – not only do our skips store your waste, they allow you to maintain high standards and adhere to health and safety legislations, preventing the occurrence of any potential hazards!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.615942
Retrieved Text: After launching and hosting successful road trips and cycling events like the National Braai Tour and the Tour de Braai, Jan Braai is now looking to encourage trail runners to slow down, smell the bouquet and eat the boerewors from 18 to 20 October this year.
The JanBraai Marathon, a three-day trail run in the Breedekloof Wine Valley, was launched last year to great success.
The run, a celebration of wine, braai, vineyards and beautiful scenery, places an emphasis on enjoying the natural environment and uniting around a fire during and after the run.
Jan Braai on marshal duty during last year's event.
Day one is an 8km night run, day two is 21km and the final day is 13km. The night run starts at 7pm so that runners don’t have to worry about taking a day's leave with the Breedekloof Valley located just over an hour's drive from Cape Town.
“We are a running-mad country with some of the best events in the world, but our aim with the JanBraai Marathon is not to look for personal bests or world record times," says Jan.
"What we really want is for runners to come and enjoy the beautiful Breedekloof Wine Valley, taste the region’s amazing wines and, naturally, enjoy a braai or three."
Take in the stunning mountain views of the Breedekloof Valley.
To break the traditional standards of running events in South Africa, the JanBraai Marathon features wine-tasting tables during each of the three days, all backed up with roaring braai fires. For something completely unique, the JanBraai Marathon also starts the second

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.21135
Retrieved Text: Opens in 1 h 4 min.
Target Skips, family run Dublin Skip Hire Company, have been supplying Skip Hire In Dublin, to residential and commercial clients since 1989.
Be the first to write a review for Target Skips!
Unit 1, Redcow Business Park, Ballymount.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.19636
Retrieved Text: The Jan ’11 issue of Woman’s World Magazine encourages skipping in an article called “Start 2011 Happier than Ever”. Check out number 2..
It may sound silly, but spending just a few minutes engaged in activity that triggers happy childhood memories can rev the release of mood-lifting brain chemicals and lower levels of angst-inducing cortisol.
So true! So true! As anyone who skips will attest. Skip on!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.158678
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Tech Talk' started by BuzzBuzzYolk, Jan 10, 2009.
Apparently it took until now to notice that on my PC, even though I have the polling rate set to 1000hz which my mouse is cabable of, it goes down to near 0hz when I move the mouse slowly, resulting in a cursor isn't smooth and skips pixels (when I move the cursor smoothly). Any ideas?
Hmm... let me try... Wait a second, it works! Aha! Thanks Taz!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.945372
Retrieved Text: With tons of garbage being produced from various sources in the country, it becomes very important to dispose them off to avoid the effects of decomposed substances. Getting such rubbish disposed in the most effective manner is a difficult task and cannot be done without the help of a professional garbage disposal service provider. Easy Go Skips Hire is a popular skips hire service provider operating in NW8 St Johns Wood and the surrounding areas.
The smaller size skips are ideal for garden waste and household garbage, the mid range skips are common for house renovation and building work and the large ones are best for bulkier waste from construction sites or industries. In case you are unable to place the skip on your own property, we make the necessary arrangements for road permits and ensure that everything is safely operated.
Easy Go Skips Hire offers people residing in NW8 St Johns Wood and the surrounding areas cheap skip hiring options that are most effective and eco-friendly means of disposing garbage in licensed dumping grounds. We also offer recycling of the garbage and cheap labour hiring facilities to our clients.
So, instead of wasting your time call our executives and get a quote!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.853327
Retrieved Text: Fast, flexible and reliable skip hire service for County Kildare.
Give us a call and our expert team will be happy to offer their friendly, impartial advice to ensure that you order the right skip. With skips ranging from mini to large skips, all at the very best hire rates in County Kildare.
We are fully licensed and provide the most environmentally friendly way to dispose of your waste.
We will help you to safely dispose of waste materials from any project of any size, ranging from household, office and industrial clear outs.
As a family run business we can provide a same or next day service, seven days a week!
Be the first to write a review for Fahy Skips!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.709976
Retrieved Text: Specialists in Skips, Skip Hire, Builders Skip Hire, RoRo Skips, Roll On Roll Off Skips, Waste Transfer Station Facilities, Waste Removal, Waste Recycling, Tipper Truck Hire, Bulk Haulage, Hazardous Waste Removal and Total Waste Management Services in the West Midlands.
Jones Skip Hire (Wolverhampton) Ltd is a well established company specialising in all aspects of the Skip Hire industry. This is one of the largest Independent Skip Hire Companies in the Midlands but it is still a family run business and prides itself upon providing an efficient and personal Skip Hire Service to clients large and small.
This Skip Hire Company is situated in Wolverhampton in the very heart of The Black Country Area of Central England. This location, coupled with the close proximity of the motorway network, allows the company to provide a top quality Skip Hire and Waste Removal Service to all areas.
For all of your Skip Hire Solutions, Recycling Requirements, Waste Disposal Requirements and Waste Management Solutions visit the contact page and - call Jones Skips today for your FREE NO OBLIGATION SKIP HIRE QUOTATION!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.68472
Retrieved Text: Rush, rush, rush. Too busy to eat.
Worryingly, a recent survey showed that over half of Britons skip breakfast. That’s 25 million people missing breakfast. Yup, 50% rush out of the door without taking the time to have the most important meal of the day. Compare this with four years ago, when only 20% miss breakfast.
Oh no! Unless we Save Our Breakfast, this heart-warming time will dwindle until it becomes a historical event.
The reason for missing breakfast that the respondents of the survey gave was that their busy lives meant morning meals now slip off their ‘to do’ list more frequently than ever before. You can read the article about the survey here.
It’s really lovely to have breakfast together, even if it means waking up 15 minutes earlier to share this precious moment before the day begins and the outside world intrudes.
Breakfast sets you up for the day and sets the day off to a good start both mentally and physically. Because if one skips breakfast, then one is more likely to snack on easily available unhealthy food throughout the morning.
Another one that can be made before is Bircher Muesli – dit geeft energie! Click here.here.
Previous Previous post: Think before you pop one!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.677681
Retrieved Text: YES !! We have skips available now for Townsville residents and businesses. Yes.. we have been able to free up skips used in the aftermath of the floods for regular domestic use and for local business needs.
Also providing service to the Burdekin – Ayr, Home Hill, Giru.
SKIPPY SKIPS The no mess skip that we lift up – and place down. No dragging or scraping your lawn or driveway. Skips, mini skips, rubbish removal & transport, skip bags dumped – for all home, domestic, commercial and builder applications.
Rubbish Removal 7 Day Skip Bin Hire – We bring a bin… You fill it … Keep it for as long as you need it up to 7 days …We take it away.Skip Bins, Mini Skips, Builder’s bins.
NEW – Walk-In Skips– ramp style loading, rear door opening/closing bins now available – suitable to wheel-barrow, trolley, or drag, large or heavy items into the skip. Please specify when booking if you would prefer a walk-in style skip. We do now have sufficient numbers of large size walk-in style skips to be able to supply this type of bin for most domestic or home use bookings.
NEW – Lid Top bins – Covered lift lid bins suitable for functions, parties, food scraps, other perishables, and construction Site Office waste.
NEW – Certified SWL Crane Lift Bins – suitable for crane lifting and use on High-rise construction sites.
Bin Deliveries: Mon – Sat only.
Closed: Sundays & Public Holidays. Phone Orders taken 7 days.
Personalised Service Family Owned & Operated – Mike & Julie Carmody. Operations Manager: Russell

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.48613
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'English Only' started by mehrk, Dec 30, 2018.
"Jeffrey’s next delivery produces a leading edge, and it skips past him at the non-strikers’ end. Most of the bowlers let it run through them; one of them kicks it along."
It`s again from Jasper Jones novel and here Charlie and his friend, Jeffery, are playing cricket. I wonder if "produce a leading edge" means scoring a run and therefore put his the team ahead of the opponent. And, I don`t have the first idea about the "skips past him...""!
a leading edge = an example of the ball hitting the right-hand1 side, close (to the edge) of the batsman's bat. Because of the slightly convex shape of the surface of the bat, the ball does not travel directly back the way it arrived, but at a slight angle.
1 assuming a right-handed batsman.
it skips past him at the non-strikers’ end this requires a new question.
Leading edge: The ball hitting the front edge of the bat as opposed to its face, when playing a cross-bat shot such as a pull. Often results in an easy catch for the bowler or a skier for someone else.
skip v. to ricochet or bounce along a surface:The stone skipped over the lake.
First, I thank you for your reply. You said "the ball that Jeffery bowls", then how the ball can skip pass him?!... it skips past him at the non-strikers’ end... I mean that`s not possible that the bowler (here, Jeffery) bowls the ball and then ball passes himself... Or may be I misunderstood

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.461603
Retrieved Text: The current kale and quinoa (pronounced keen-wa) craze shows few signs of slowing. Learn to embrace the so-called “superfoods” with three new Continuing Education classes being offered through Harper College.
In Quinoa Breakfast Recipes and Cooking with Quinoa, students will be introduced to the benefits, history and preparation of the versatile, gluten-free ingredient, which – despite its reputation as a grain – is actually a seed from a vegetable closely related to spinach and beets. Dishes to be prepared in the morning-focused course include coconut quinoa pancakes, java quinoa smoothies and a breakfast casserole, while Cooking with Quinoa students will tackle recipes including macaroni and cheese, quinoa patties and quinoa salad with pears, baby spinach and chick peas in a maple vinaigrette.
All Kale, a new course featuring the trendy roughage, will highlight the nutrient powerhouse in recipes such as kale chips, kale and quinoa patties and massaged kale and butternut squash salad.
Quinoa Breakfast Recipes will run from 9 to 11 a.m. Saturday, Jan. 25; All Kale from 7 to 9 p.m. Thursday, Jan. 30; and Cooking with Quinoa from 9 to 11 a.m. Saturday, Feb. 8. Each class costs $90 for tuition and fees and takes place at My Chef Station, 632 E. Irving Park Road, Roselle. Seats are limited. To register, visit harpercollege.edu/ce or call (847) 925-6300.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.409464
Retrieved Text: In this post gives you all the useful maven commands used in maven applications.
I will daily use these maven commands in my project work. I hope these may help you in your daily project work.
Compiles the tests, but skips running them.
Skips compiling the tests and does not run them.
It is much more feasible to generate code coverage reports directly from IDE than from Maven. Write test, write code, run coverage for separated test, and check that all important branches are covered.
Help plugin — used to get relative information about a project or the system.
mvn help:effective-pom displays the effective POM as an XML for the current build, with the active profiles factored in. Dependency plugin — provides the capability to manipulate artifacts.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.373837
Retrieved Text: DS Skip Hire is a established, family run business who provide a complete disposal solution for both domestic and commercial applications. DS Skip Hire provide skips sized between 2 – 12 yards which are operated by our friendly and experienced team.
Covering South Essex & surrounding areas DS Skips are always on hand for your rubbish disposal needs at very competitive prices.
fast and reliable, skip delivered at short notice.. will recommend to friends and family. Great price too!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.370981
Retrieved Text: We are a family-run business with a wealth of expertise, offering over 20 years of knowledge and advice when it comes to Skip Hire services in Leyland. Our waste disposal services cater for both domestic and commercial users, providing a reliable and convenient experience for all.
Our fleets use the latest tracking technology so that you can keep an eye on where your skip delivery is, giving you the opportunity to track the location of our skips and ensure they arrive on-time. We believe this makes us stand out from the rest and allows us to deliver a more desirable service.
Here at Leyland Skip Hire, we have a diverse range of skips available, making them ideal for waste produced in both the home and from commercial sites, so we’re confident you won’t be disappointed with the quality of our skips and the services we provide.
Update all policies, so safety isn’t compromised.
Respect the habitats of wildlife.
Collect your full skip then take your waste to the transfer station where your materials will be separated (e.g. soil, brick and concrete) and then recycled.
Common recyclables include paper, plastic, cardboard, plasterboard and wood- although skips don’t always contain these sorts of materials, therefore they have to be taken to the landfill site, where they’ll be disposed of.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.309505
Retrieved Text: Hi, i would like to ask if it is okay to check in my reserved room at around 10pm.?
is this hotel near waterfront cebu city hotel? coz we’re going to have a seminar from august 8-11, 2018 on this hotel. tnx.
Please consider Deluxe Room instead.
Is there an available room from May 23-26? I would like to book 2 economy rooms (2 single bed). Please send quotations. Thanks.
800 per night available on that date?
Can I reserve for the Economy Room on November 22-24? If not, how much will the rates be? It’s okay if there’s no breakfast.
Hi, I am looking for accomodation for 20 teachers who will be attending a conference in cebu on dec 7-12, 2017. Can u provide room rates on economy rooms. Family rooms etc.
Hello! By any chance, do you allow 17 year olds to check in?
Do you have any promo rate on oct 5,6 &7, 2017 for a room with two single beds?
– What is the check-in time on OCT 05? 2pm?
– What is the check-out time on OCT 08? 12noon?
– 2 adults only? no children?
– What is your check-out time on AUG 29 ?
Hi do you have family room for aug 13-16? For 6pax.Check in time 3-4pm and check out 3am on the 16th. Do you accept discount for senior citizens?
– Our discounted daily rates are already discounted.
– Family Room is 4 persons. For 6 persons, at least 2 rooms.
Hi, your economy rooms are still first come first served basis? are this rooms are airconditioned ?
We also have buffet packages which you

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.260292
Retrieved Text: Some fun things happened this week, and number one on the list was a workout with Cinnamon at the East River Park Track in NYC on Monday! It was a blast to meet her in person and I was so happy to have her with me for the workout. I hope it’s the first of many with her!
I also tried out a new workout I learned from Coach Fred Benlein, the director of the USATF Level One School I attended on Long Island last weekend: the Neuromuscular-Based Regeneration Run. The purpose of the workout is to develop the alactic energy system, and the workout is 20*(30 sec hard, 30 sec easy). Coach Benlein suggested that (150m hard, 50m easy) on the track turns out to be around 30 sec for each for most people, and it eliminates the need to stare at your watch the whole time, so I opted for this. Though it was not a problem to run 150m hard in 30 seconds (I actually ran all the repeats I did in 25-29 seconds), it was killer to run many of them in a row with only 30 seconds rest between them and I only made it through 8 reps, even with a break halfway through! But, as Coach Benlein promised, the following day my legs felt totally fine for my long run – running hard for only 30 seconds at a time allows you to work on speed endurance without accumulating lactate in your legs. So I’m definitely going to keep including this

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.20263
Retrieved Text: If you’re looking for skip hire in Wigan or the surrounding area, you’ve come to the right place. Here at Wigan Skip Hire, we provide a wide range of skips to suit some of the most diverse needs, so you needn’t worry about choosing a suitable skip for your project!
We’re a family-run business with a wealth of expertise when it comes to skip hire in Wigan. Offering a suitable service for everyone, we supply domestic and commercial skips to accommodate all volumes of waste.
So, whether you’re looking for Wigan skip hire for your home renovation or for your business waste, look no further than Wigan Skip Hire! Here at Wigan Skip Hire, we make sure that you find a safe storage solution for the waste that your project generates, specialising in skip hire Wigan and providing easy access to our weighbridge and tipping facilities.
So, when it comes to finding reliable skip hire in Wigan, why look anywhere else?
Wigan Skip Hire provides skip hire to meet your needs and requirements, whether it be a 2, 4, 6 or 8 yard skip. Speak to a member of the team today!
Industrial skips for your workplace or project.
Our industrial skips are perfect for industrial businesses who generate large quantities of waste. The commercial skips we have to offer are much bigger than the domestic skips, making them desirable for your construction projects. An industrial skip is perfect for maintaining a safe working environment, storing any sharp or dangerous materials your project may produce.
Are you in the middle of a home

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.106173
Retrieved Text: To get an instant quote for skip hire St Albans or your area, simply enter your postcode into the box above.
APS Environmental are an experienced Hertfordshire-based skip hire company servicing the whole of Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, North London and parts of Buckinghamshire.
For many years we have been supplying our customers with a comprehensive range of Skips, Roll On/Roll Off and Grab Hire, to deal with their commercial, industrial and household waste.
Based at our fully licensed waste recycling centres located in Hemel Hempstead, we employ over 40 highly experienced and professional staff.
As part of APS Recycling Ltd, we pride ourselves on the strong reputation we have built up for offering a fast and comprehensive service at highly competitive prices.
APS Environmental provides a prompt delivery service to suit your needs including skip hire, container and grab hire from Harrow to Leighton Buzzard, and Aylesbury through to Stevenage. For our dedicate website for skip hire in the Luton area visit www.lutonskips.com .
Sizes range from 4 yard skips, 6 yard skips and 8 yard skips up to 12 yard skips, plus we offer 20 and 40 yard Roll On / Roll Off Containers. Next day skip hire is available on orders placed online before 11pm, ideal if you need your skip delivered tomorrow - simply enter your postcode above to book your skip now.
So, whether you want Skip Hire St Albans, a Container in Hemel Hempstead, a Grab in Watford or a RO/RO in Luton, if you are looking for a professional and reliable family-run local service with great rates, then

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.096535
Retrieved Text: This my backup script for my home directory. It sends backup through rsync over SSH into a remote server. It skips all top-level directories that contain a .git directory. This works for me as all my git repos have remote origins which are backed up by other means. I have written the backup script as a Makefile. The script is optimized for speed so that it can be run every day.
find . -maxdepth 2 -iname '*.git' finds all .git directories under top-level directories.
| xargs -n1 dirname chops off the /.git part.
| xargs -n1 basename > repos removes path to the top-level directory (this might actually be not necessary but it gives clean names) and stores these directory names in a file called repos.
echo Downloads >> repos adds extra entries into the file. These will be also skipped from the backup.
r - copy directories recursively.
a - enables archive mode. Tries to follow symlinks and preserve as much information as possible.
v - verbose mode. Feedback to the user.
z - compress transmitted data.
u - skips file that are newer on the remote location and also skips files that have same timestamp and same size.
--delete - removes remote files that do not exist locally.
rm -f repos removes the repos file as it is not needed anymore.
To run the backup process, make backup must be executed in the home directory. It is strongly recommended to take periodic snapshots of remote files, possibly onto a write-once media.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.084127
Retrieved Text: Your hosts are Solvår and Jan Viggo Oppegård.
We love travelling and learning about other cultures, and have been doing so with our now grown children since they were in diapers. Even if we love spending time abroad, we also appreciate our work. We both work in addition to opening our home to run a bed and breakfast. Wine and cooking is one of our favourite pastimes, and naturally we pride ourselves in serving our guests a traditional home cooked Norwegian breakfast.
After the children moved out and our house started feeling too big, we decided to move from right outside the center of Elverum to the heart of our town. Here we enjoy what the town has to offer, both restaurants, concerts, sports events and what ever fun is going on!
Hope to see you here, and serve you the breakfast our guest come back for.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.964785
Retrieved Text: Employee transferred from Payroll A to Payroll B.
An assignment update to this effect was done. However, instead of updating the payroll from 01-Jan-2018, by mistake the update was done with effective date as 02-Jan-2018.
Payroll Run and post payroll process leading upto Transfer to GL were done. Payroll processing for the subsequent period (Feb-2018) was also done but the entries of Jan-2018 were still not posted in GL.
Because of the difference in costing setup of the elements with respect to both the payrolls, the prorated run results are costed to different companies (Segment1). The following is the requirement without affecting the other payroll processes.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.92308
Retrieved Text: We at Skip Hire Margate appreciate that every consumer has a different requirements, which is why we offer a wide variation of miscellaneous volumes of skips for hire.
The 6 yard skips Skip Hire Margate offer are available for both short or long term hire. If you need your 6 yard skip unit to be established in a community location - e.g. on the curb - you would have to have a government delivered permit, which Skip Hire Margate can handle if needed.
The 6 yard skips Skip Hire Margate offer will be professionally dropped off by one of our friendly car drivers who have all passed CRB checks directly to your house or company and established at your specified location.
At the moment, Skip Hire Margate recycle up to 90% of the waste we collected using our 6 yard skips, but we are determined So we can fulfill the 100% target. The rubbish collected by us at Skip Hire Margate in out 6 yard units is more often than not sieved for recycling before it is sent to an ascribed landfill site .
Our lovely, experienced team of staff advisors at Skip Hire Margate can confirm whether the 6 yard unit is the right alternative for your waste requirements - contact us by telephone today for a chat on 01843 310054.
Unlike Skip Hire Margate a lot of other skip hire businesses don't have a 6 unit yard on offer, but instead they'd promote large 8 yard unit that might not be suitable with regard to each of your requirements.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.885664
Retrieved Text: Set my alarm for 6:30 instead of 7:30.
Location: The round, spherical object that we call Earth.
The power of magic, Beatley, Georgeous rainbows COMPELS you!!
Challenge george<3 in the Arcade!
I set an alarm [with a quiet tone] to wake me up this morning at a reasonable hour, but instead I woke up an hour later to a non-quiet tone reminding me to tune into Breakfast With The Beatles.
Last edited by BeatleNut9 : Jan 02, 2011 at 08:38 AM.
I need to use the bathroom but there are boxes in front of it.
My radio station didn't play the usual Sunday morning Beatles show.
New year? Anyway, it used to play 2 Beatles shows every morning and I guess it'll only play 1.
I got my hair cut today and it seems I'm the only one who doesn't like my bangs.
I don't take me seriously. If we get some giggles, I don't mind.
I have a very high EQ—something, like, 3,000 hertz. If I think too hard, my brain hertz.
Challenge flying_cupcake61842 in the Arcade!
Last edited by The New AimeeAndBeatles : Jan 02, 2011 at 12:58 PM.
I remember the other story I wrote about superglue; unfortunately I never finished. It was too weird.
That would scare everybody on Rooftop Sessions.
My printer doesn't work. I made these cute graphics for thank-you cards for my Christmas presents and now I can't print them!
I still have writer's block.
Last edited by flying_cupcake61842 : Jan 02, 2011 at 01:23 PM.
Darn. After performing the long operation of restarting my computer, my cards still won't print.
Is the printer plugged in and turned on?
Last

================



======= Instance Index 27096 =========
Input Text: Context: Lee knew everyone at the underground party.

Question: What will Others want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: kill Lee

B: say hi to Lee

C: socialize with acquaintances

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.539972
Retrieved Text: We met Sian and Lee quite a while before their wedding at we’ve been in touch constantly to discuss the plans for their big day.
Sian and Lee make an amazing couple, very friendly and approachable; we knew it would be a pleasure to work with them on their wedding day.
As always, we started covering both bride and groom getting ready. While Nina was with Sian, George spent the morning with Lee and his best men.
In no time we had to make our way to St Mary the Church in Muswell Hill. The emotions were running quite high for both Sian and Lee just before the ceremony but soon the wait was over.
Sian walked down the aisle and she looked amazing in her beautiful wedding dress; the service was beautiful and soon our bride and groom relaxed and enjoyed the ceremony.
The service was beautiful and included few readings and soon Sian and Lee were declared husband and wife!
We did few pictures outside the church and soon it was time to make our way to Royal Chace Hotel. After few family shots the wedding breakfast was served.
After the meal the quests enjoyed the beautiful grounds Royal Chace Hotel has to offer. There a lovely garden at the back of the venue and the guests enjoyed the scenery before the evening entertainment began.
Sian and Lee had an amazing two side cake on their wedding day and after it was cut, the first dance followed shortly.
The beautiful music gathered everyone on the dance floor and a great party followed.
We would

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.973616
Retrieved Text: Upcoming gigs: 06/22/19 - SF - All Day I Dream SF 05/18/19 - SF - Treasure Island Park w/ HotSince82, Thugfucker, DocMartin 05/4/19 - NYC - DiscoKnights at KnockdownCenter 04/19/19 - SF - w/ Dubfire at PublicWorks 04/06/19 - NYC at ZERO 03/30/19 - NYC at BM fundraiser 03/16/19 - LA - w/ Thugfucker at DiscoKnights party 03/07/19 - Bahrain - w/ Lee Burridge 03/02/19 - SF - w/ Derrick May 02/23/19 - NYC - at House of YES w/ Holmar / MANDY 12/31/18 - NYC - w/ Acid Pauli, Mira, Behrouz at House of Yes and ZERO 12/16/18 - SF - Nightlife Industry Holiday event 12/15/18 - SF - DiscoKnights w/ Holmar 12/1/18 - NYC - ZERO w/ Matthew Dekay BeSvedson, Oona Dahl 11/17/18 - SF - Do Not Sit w/ Behrouz, Oceans Orientalis, SIS 11/10/18 - Toronto - Parlour 7yr anniv 11/3/18 - NYC - Gospel 10/26/18 - NYC - City of Gods w/ Mayan Warrior, DiscoKnights, Mira + 10/12/18 - NYC - KaterBlau & ZERO 10/6/18 - SF - Great Northern 10/6/18 - SF - Boat Party w/ Guy Gerber, Damian Lazarus 9/29/18 - All Day I Dream SF w/ Lee Burridge 9/15/18 - Philadelphia 9/7/18 - NY - Zero 8/29/18 - Burning Man 8/11/18 - NYC - ZERO Boat party 7/28/18 - Paris - Horde Boat 7/26/18 - Berlin - KaterBlau 7/6/18 - SF - Halcyon with Matthew Dekay 6/30/18 - All Day I Dream SF 5/27/18 - @ Lightning In A Bottle festival 5/19/18 - SF @ Great Northern after-party 4/18/18

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.949049
Retrieved Text: Lee did an amazing job with our surprise birthday party for Terry. She and I spent months putting it together. She brought to life exactly what my vision of the event was perfectly. After our initial meeting she took the ideas and ran with them. Always keeping me informed, offering suggestions, and meeting my expectations. I will always have Lee put our events together from now on. Couldn't be happier!!
I strongly suggest Lee Logan and Lee Logan Events, Inc.. We have worked on many projects together. Our first project was my oldest daughter’s wedding. I initially selected her because she impressed me as a person who could accomplish what seemed to be a daunting task to others with amazing calm and professionalism, especially with the time restraints involved. The results could not have been more pleasing….and actually more than I ever anticipated. Most people would have needed a year to accomplish what she did in about four months. I was busy finishing a home at the event location, so she took a huge load off my back. She handled any problems with vendors beautifully…..which was a real stress reliever! Most of the time I never knew what was going on “behind the scenes” and if I did she took it on.
I will tell you, you will not regret the decision if you chose to work with Lee Logan. I have worked with her on at least six events and have never been disappointed. Her creativity and ability to find a resource for almost any request continues

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.63724
Retrieved Text: On Friday 13 September 2013, recreational cavers Rick Hunter and Steven Tucker visited Rising Star to look for undiscovered sections of the popular and well-explored cave. At the top of a difficult 15-to-20-metre climb known as “The Dragon’s Back”, they discovered a tiny, unexplored crack in the rock. Steven wriggled down this chute feet first — like the caver above you — then shouted up to Rick, “It goes!” These are the two words every cave explorer wants to hear. Together, the two followed their unmarked route into an uncharted chamber 30 metres underground – and filled with fossils.
Not sure what to make of these mysterious bones, the two explorers contacted a fellow caver and geologist, Pedro Boshoff, who knew just the person to ask. On his advice, the cavers brought photos of the find to University of the Witwatersrand Professor Lee Berger, a palaeoanthropologist and National Geographic Explorer in Residence. Because his specialty is our human fossil past, Prof Berger immediately recognised the bones as belonging to a hominin. But from Rick and Steven’s description of the almost inaccessible chamber, he knew he would never fit down the narrow chute and would need a specialised team of scientists to retrieve the bones.
To assemble his team, Prof Berger posted this advertisement on Facebook. Over 60 people applied, but only six were chosen to become Rising Star Expedition’s Advance Cave Scientists, popularly known as the “Underground Astronauts”.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.565495
Retrieved Text: For one week only Nashville was invaded by various British Artists who came in to celebrate the 44th CMA awards and to perform at The International Party on the night before the CMA Awards Tuesday 9th November at the Cadillac Ranch down on Broadway. CMR Nashville took over the Downtown Honkytonk for the Tues evening from 5 pm featuring nine acts which included The Hayley Oliver Band (winners of two BCAWards), Alan West Band, Sandy Newman (Marmalade lead singer), David Bradley Band, Emma King and The Heartsets, Raintown, Thore Anderson Grammy Winner from Norway, Kelli (Iceland) and the Ryan Cook Band from Canada. The show was such a great success, that the the venue offered the same night every year for an annual International Party run by CMR Nashville and supported by Digital Rodeo, Music City Roots, AirPlay Direct and Luna Chica Records.
Whilst in Nashville, many of the acts that Lee Williams represent, talked record deals with Luna Chica Records. This included Hayley Oliver, Sandy Newman, Alan West and Gary Curtis who had already signed previously. Both Gary and Alan West spent time recording tracks for their new CDs with different studios. These artists also appeared at the Battleground Brewery in Franklin as a warm up gig on the Sunday before. They all also had the chance to watch the taping of the CMA Xmas Show at the Bridgestone Arena with a host of top chart names. On the last day Sandy, Alan, Hayley, and David Bradley recorded a one hour Brit Invasion special at the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.088531
Retrieved Text: Тексты песен Vector of Underground Vector of Underground - I Will Wake Orion, 0 Vector of Underground - Prison Of Consciousness, 0 Поиск группы. Olanrewaju Ogunmefun, better known by his stage name Vector tha Viper, is a Nigerian Hip And with a joined effort they aimed at selling the underground music to the As a group of three, consisting of Vector, Krystal & Blaze, they were together In August 2013 he was featured by Pheelz a producer on a song titled. Vector of underground Mishka!, released 23 August 2016 Mishka! A Russian lyrics. Mishka! A Russian party in da house! It's da rock party in da house. The Velvet Underground: The Velvet Underground, Энди Уорхол и Нико, 1966 год: Основная информация; Жанры.
Название фильма: Дневник баскетболиста На английском: The Basketball Diaries Жанр: Драма, криминал. Vector of Underground - как группа другого уровня, объявляет интернет конкурс Нужно сделать кавер версию на любую песню Vector of Underground. In a while Vlad Lobanov(Vocal\lyrics) met Mikhail «MasterMike» Dmitriev Vector of Underground played on one stage with such bands as I Wrestled a Bear. Lyrics for Mishka! by Vector of Underground. Макс Троцюк submitted the lyrics for this song. Please review the lyrics to make it available for everyone. Люк Скайуокер (слева), Дарт Вейдер, Кейд Скайуокер и Зейн Керрик, возникшие в видении. Смотри видео и слушай бесплатно музыку Vector of Underground: Mishka!, Тюрьма Vector Of Underground – Еxperimental Metal / Alternative Настоящий состав группы образовался в Of Underground Vector Of Underground /url на песню: Часть текста на этой странице предоставляется пользователями по.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.033993
Retrieved Text: Once dubbed 'The Paris of the East', Romanian capital Bucharest is a city teeming with ornate architecture, Baroque palaces and tree-lined boulevards.
But beneath its mansions and squares lies a second city that no tourist gets to see - an underground kingdom of outcasts and drug addicts living in the city's vast network of sewers.
Here, everyone is HIV-positive and a quarter have TB, yet they are left to rot in the darkness, huddling against heating pipes and snorting glue to stay warm.
At the head of this city of vice is one man, named Bruce Lee from his street-fighting days. A father, mentor and drug-dealer to all, he brings safety - and a bottomless supply of glue - to the 'sewer children' of Bucharest, many of whom have lived there since the fall of Communism two decades ago.
Now this underground society is exposed in a new film by Channel 4 News' Paraic O'Brien, Jim Wickens & Radu Ciorniciuc.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.94031
Retrieved Text: Lee Edwards Entertainment is a locally-renown wedding DJ and entertainment service in Charleston, South Carolina. This team of qualified, experienced, and personable DJs ensures you have a truly memorable wedding experience. They work with couples one on one to plan and prepare a reception around their busy schedules. Whether you’re planning an outdoor party or a formal wedding celebration, Lee Edwards Entertainment will be there every step of the way to make it a memorable night.
Lee Edwards Entertainment provides a variety of music and entertainment packages to meet the needs of every couple. They have an extensive music library for you to choose all the music you love, and leave out anything you won’t enjoy. You can also use their online planning tool to create a custom setlist and manage other parts of your wedding reception. Lee Edwards Entertainment offers special sound equipment for outdoor and beach ceremonies. Lighting packages can also be included with your DJ service.
The ultimate diy bride! Seabrook island cluball kidding aside she did do a mix for us!
Western themed ceremony at pepper pavilion.
Ceremony on the beach at edisto.
I would recommend Lee Edwards Entertainment to anyone that wants a great party for a extremely reasonable budget! I dealt directly with Lee, who was a pleasure to work with, was always a true professional, and a very kind man. He took the time to make sure I felt 100% comfortable with him and confident that he knew what type of music I was after. Requiring a very detailed questionaire ensured that he knew

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.670004
Retrieved Text: Filipino-American violin and viola pedagogue Joey Corpus has passed away – aged 59.
A student of Jascha Brodsky and Orlando Cole and described as an ‘underground guru’, Mr Corpus taught a sought-after private studio on New York City’s upper west side for more than 3 decades – his famed students including Lara St. John and Chuan Yun Lee.
“He was an incredible pedagogue in every way – a patient and perfect teacher,” Canadian violin soloist Lara St. John has told The Violin Channel.
“He began violin after the hit and run accident which killed his mother and left him a paraplegic … he was already 14 at the time, but so talented that he taught himself in hospital …. he became a great violinist and teacher, since he knew exactly how to solve problems – having figured it out himself,” she has said.
Our condolences are with Mr Corpus’ family, friends, colleagues and students.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.595474
Retrieved Text: Album Release party at Club Fuzion in Atlanta's Underground. Good to see everyone out. Hope you all had a good time.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.486458
Retrieved Text: Lee Harris (born 1936 in Johannesburg), is a South African writer and performer who has lived and worked primarily in the United Kingdom since 1956.
He was one of the few white members of the African National Congress, where he helped with the Congress of the People and met Nelson Mandela. After moving to England at the age of 20, he acted with Orson Welles and Dame Flora Robson; wrote for the British underground press, including International Times; helped found the Arts Lab, and has been an instrumental figure in the British counterculture movement since the seventies. He published Brainstorm Comix and Home Grown magazine in the 1970s. Harris was born in 1936 in Johannesburg, South Africa, to immigrant Lithuanian Jewish parents. As a youth, he was one of relatively few whites in the society to join the African National Congress, opposing racial segregation at the time when the apartheidsystem was being enforced by the National Party, which had come to power in 1948. Harris helped with arrangements for the Congress of the People gathering in the summer of 1955, held at Kliptown, Soweto. The crowd of thousands was surrounded by 200 armed police.
Harris moved to London, England, in 1956 at the age of 20. He studied acting at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. In 1960 Harris got a role in the Orson Welles Shakespearian adaptation Chimes at Midnight, in which Welles both acted and directed. Harris also worked with Dame Flora Robson understudying the lead and playing a small part in The Corn Is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.22591
Retrieved Text: Lazarus just joined the legion of star studded winners of the Underground Music Awards. Last week, we wondered if he could enter the winner’s circle which boasts previous winners like Nicki Minaj, Machine Gun Kelly, J. Cole, MIMS, Papoose, and countless others. But finally, he did it. He was called on stage to snag the award for Song of the Year!
It was a packed night in Time Square. Every single neon light that they could find were turned on, the line outside the legendary B.B. King House of Blues was getting longer and longer. The buzz was on, and every one outside the House of Blues felt the energy.
Inside, artists were running around getting ready for an amazing night. The hosts at the B.B.King House of Blues were preparing to give away awards to some of the dopest underground artists from around the nation. They knew that some of these gifted artists that they are recognizing will eventually go on to win MTV awards, BET awards, and even the Grammys. The night was ready to be huge.
Eventually, when curtains opened, the house was full. The artists were ready. The camera crews from different music outlets around the country had their batteries charged up, and ready to go! Lazarus, Rebel of KhanArtists, and I were the only 3 Desis in the building – and we knew we were going to leave gaining the respect from the entire crowd.
After a dope performance on stage, the crowd were on their feet applauding this Doctor-Rapper, admiring his skills on the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.143719
Retrieved Text: So what exactly is ‘passion not profit’ ?
It is all we stand for. In a world of BIG festivals sponsored by BIG corporations held in BIG fields by BIG men in BIG suits everything has got a little….well, too big.
Here at Sunk Fest, we are proud to be different. We live, eat and breathe music and we like small. Small means we can remain truly independent and stay in control of all we do : a festival for musicians, made by musicians and music-a-holics. We seek out new, underground talent. The kind of music that gives you goosebumps. The kind of music that exists because of hours spent in a sweaty practice room, because of years of being sat in a bedroom learning to play a guitar, because of an undying passion to make music with integrity. in short: our bands make the music that DESERVES to be heard and loved, NOT music that a big man in a big corporation decided was worthy of success.
This is what Sunkfest is at it’s core: a platform for the best music you’ve never heard of to be celebrated and enjoyed by an appreciative, music-intelligent crowd who are just as excited to listen as the band are to play. Small also means we have a unique atmosphere. We parade as a festival, but in truth we are kind of like the most awesome summer camp you never went to as a kid. You know the one where no grown ups were allowed, and you camped in the middle of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.074974
Retrieved Text: Tour of the altars in the heart of Pasadena!
For the third time Old Pasadena welcomes the reverent yet vibrant Mexican holiday, Day of the Dead, which honors loved ones who have passed before us.
Stop by during the three-day event, where dozens of Old Pasadena businesses will create beautiful altars in their spaces to showcase during the self-guided Tour of Altars. The weekend also brings a salsa dance party, calavera face painting, live music, free lectures and workshops, and merchant promotions.
Take a self-guided tour through participating businesses in Old Pasadena, of both traditional and contemporary interpretations of altars lovingly created to honor and celebrate the spirits of the dearly departed. A panel of judges will visit each altar and award monetary prizes in six categories.
The Tour of Altars includes Wings of the Dead, the 2017 Community Altar created by Los Angeles artist Sonia Romero. Dedicated to our ancestors and honoring the natural cycle of life, the altar highlights the migration of monarch butterflies, said to be the souls of the dead returning home to Michoacán, Mexico, in early November. Everyone is invited to honor a loved one by leaving a written message on a paper butterfly.
Map and more information available HERE.
6:00-9:00pm, Indiana Colony Marketplace, 59 E. Colorado Blvd. Take a look at and participate in the 2017 Community Altar created by Sonia Romero and a print release party for “Wings of the Dead,” the 3D limited edition print that inspired the altar.
6:30-8:30pm, Big Bang Theory Way, 109 E. Union Street. La Junta presents a salsa dance exhibition

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.039026
Retrieved Text: Get lyrics of Dylan lloyd song you love. List contains Dylan lloyd song lyrics of older one songs and hot new releases. Get known every word of your favorite song or start your own karaoke party tonight :-).
Get hot Dylan Lloyd lyrics at Lyrics.camp!
Features All Stephen Jerzak & Dylan Lloyd Song Lyrics and Stephen Jerzak & Dylan Lloyd Discography, as well as Band Biography and User Reviews.
Lyrics for I Wish by Dylan Lloyd. ... I Wish - Lyrics. Dylan Lloyd. Lyrics not available. Be the first to add the lyrics and earn points. Add lyrics. Musixmatch logo.
Lyrics for Crazy Love by Stephen Jerzak & Dylan Lloyd.
Lyrics and translation for More Than You Know by Stephen Jerzak & Dylan Lloyd.
Lyrics for Latch by Stephen Jerzak & Dylan Lloyd.
Lyrics for The King of Wales (Dylan's Song) by Owen Money & Lloyd Davies.
[Dylan] We Da Band!!! For the family ya know. Elliot Ness Me ah Hold it down till ... Tony Mario Dofat, Dylan Lee John, Lloyd E. Mathis, Lynese Nicole Wiley.
[Dylan] I wanna have you in the kitchen, put up on the dresser. Throw you in the ... Sara Ann Stokes, Bentley, Lloyd E. Mathis, Rodney Hill, Lynese Nicole Wiley.
Similar Artists. Beatles lyrics. Beatles. Radiohead lyrics. Radiohead. Bob Dylan lyrics. Bob Dylan. Velvet Underground lyrics. Velvet Underground.
● into the lens (a.k.a. i am a..

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.969635
Retrieved Text: The People's Action Party moved quickly to replace its Bukit Batok MP David Ong, soon after learning about his affair with a party activist.
It did so to uphold the standards that people expect of the ruling party and to ensure residents continue to be well served in the ward.
This was disclosed by PAP party Whip Chan Chun Sing yesterday, who was commenting on the shock resignation by Mr Ong on Saturday, after he admitted to a "personal indiscretion".
"We have taken very decisive action from the time we knew of this very unfortunate incident," Mr Chan said. "At this point, our focus is on the residents of Bukit Batok - to make sure we continue to serve the residents and maintain the high standards that residents and Singaporeans have come to expect from the PAP."
Also moving without delay was the Singapore Democratic Party (SDP), which went on a walkabout in the single-seat ward yesterday morning. As party members and activists visited the coffee shops at Bukit Batok West Avenue 6, they told residents there would be a by-election there.
Though Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has said he will call a by-election, a date has not been set.
SDP chief Chee Soon Juan told reporters that his party would definitely contest, and that he had not ruled himself out.
Mr Chan, who is also Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, said the Prime Minister will set a by- election date "in good time".
He added that Mr Lee will take into account national priorities such as challenges facing Singapore's economy and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.8942
Retrieved Text: Your Saturdays just got louder with Volume at Ren. An amplified sonic experience for nocturnal revellers. Techno takes over the underground with the sought after sounds of resident and guest DJs. A ‘no frills’ music-centric party, lower your inhibitions as Ren @ Kyo KL raise the volume and dance the night away.
Amine’s progressive sounds border on the deep. Sweaty faces tell a moving story of the dance entranced. “It’s poetry. It’s a story waiting to be told.” Often greeting sunsets in Marrakech or slipping away at sunrise in Boracay; Amine K has made home to his house infused audio in festival booths and clubs across Europe, North America, Asia, and Australia for over 8 years; sharing the bill with the likes of Mandy, Nick Warren, Lee Burridge, Gui Boratto and more. Back home in Africa, Amine asserts that his music ethic belongs to the underground, with the focus on quality dance floor experiences; just bring your dancing shoes.
Having signed with Systematic Recordings, Be Crazy Music and Beat It Music, Amine will continue to split his focus between performance and production value alike.
2016 geared up to be a productive year for Amine, as Marrakech found itself having a new professional studio hub, synthesized by the seasoned hands of the musician himself. New upcoming global tours and long awaited label releases are just a symptom of the work paid off.
JonnyVicious and Rimka shore up the support as they also feature for the night.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.890764
Retrieved Text: Bluegrass Underground is American Adventure TV series. Produced by Todd Squared. Stars: Amos Lee, David Rawlings, Alynda Lee Segarra. It debuted on Sep 07, 2011, on PBS. The series has 8.8 * rating by IMDb. Bluegrass Underground is filmed in USA.
What Time Bluegrass Underground Air?
Tune in for a set from a singer-songwriter who traveled from the Land Down Under to Tennessee’s “Show Down Under.” From a well-known producing/performing musical family, Chambers is one of Australia's most successful and celebrated country artists.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.871824
Retrieved Text: KEITH LEE – THE man accused of murdering Dublin woman Joanne Lee in February – has been found dead in prison.
The Irish Prison Service confirmed that a man had died while in custody last night.
It is believed that the man in question is Keith Lee (40s), the estranged husband of Joanne.
Lee was charged with the murder of Joanne Lee last month. They were separated at the time.
The 38-year-old woman’s body was found wrapped in a sleeping bag in a wardrobe in a flat in Ranelagh in February, days after she had been reported missing by her family.
Gardaí found her unresponsive, and medical assistance was given, however she was pronounced dead at the scene.
She been missing for a few days. We knew something was up, we just couldn’t put it together. We were searching… everyone.
Keith Lee had to be treated at the scene after he was believed to have jumped from window when gardaí arrived.
A garda from Mountjoy helped him with his injuries and may have helped save his life, gardaí told reporters at the time.
Gardaí confirmed today that they were investigating the sudden death of a man in his early 40s in Mountjoy Prison.
Email “Man accused of murdering estranged wife Joanne Lee found dead in Mountjoy Prison”.
Feedback on “Man accused of murdering estranged wife Joanne Lee found dead in Mountjoy Prison”.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.86481
Retrieved Text: To prove he’s incompetent to stand trial on multiple felony charges, Robert Sinclaire Lee hid a razor in his mouth and used it to cut his wrist in court.
He smeared feces on his face.
And Monday, he entered a courtroom with feces hidden in his jail jacket pocket.
Who knew that prisoner’s phone calls were monitored, other than EVERYONE (except Lee)? To read more, click here.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.856833
Retrieved Text: Don’t be mislead by the light-hearted name, Porky is a man who takes partying very seriously. David Leon, as he is otherwise known, is the wildcard of Desert Hearts, the San Diego-bred crew of DJs and rabble-rousers tearing up the underground with deep, dark, and weird house and techno.A San Diego native, Leon was influenced early on by older brother Mikey Lion and dusty jaunts to Lightning in a Bottle and Black Rock City, but over the past two years, his renown as a DJ and chops on the decks have grown to match his larger-than-life personality.Porky leveled up his game performing in the mystical jungles of Tulum, the dusty expanses of Burning Man, and perhaps most notably, at the bi-annual Desert Hearts weekenders in Southern California. The group’s ascent from a renegade rager to a dance music phenomenon that has been one of the most celebrated stories in dance music over the past couple of years, and Porkchop’s standout sets and take-no-prisoners party attitude have been at the center of the whole whirlwind.In a sea of black-shirted stoics, Porky pours himself into the DJ booth bursting with life and color. His hair and clothing melt into bright gradients and he smiles unpretentiously as he deals out techno obscurities and house crowd-pleasers alike. His sets are a reminder of why we’re all on the dancefloor in the first place––to party. And nobody gets the party started like Porky. He’s noted for being one of the most versatile member of the Desert Hearts Crew. His ability for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.81787
Retrieved Text: Break da House Christmas Shindig.
Friday 19th Dec @ Dusk Till Dawn.
11pm till 5am. £5 before 1am, £6 after.
Break da House resident Xmas special... For once we've actually managed to get all our brilliant resident on the same line up! Yep thats right we are finally all aboard for our Xmas Shindig. You can catch Mr Doris plying his super slick nu-funk beats in the Eclectic lounge alongside DTD legend Billy Casper. The bass'ment will see d*Funk & Dr Fish applying the breaks, with Lee Nazari & Ben Logue hitting the tech-funk & electro angle.
As it's our chirstmas party we are hoping to mucho sillyness & max fun. We are flying the flag for underground break-beat based music in Bournemouth.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.807354
Retrieved Text: On the eve of the 10 year anniversary of The Cool Kids historic and monumental debut, The Bake Sale, the duo has revisited their biggest hit, “Black Mags,” with the official sequel. Hey, 10 years later. Better late than never. This is the part deux we never knew was coming, but was always needed.
Not sure if this is to kick off a new album or something, but let’s hope more new content from Chuck and Mike is otw. Perhaps the Bake Sale 2? Might as well keep things in line.
Fans who’d like to celebrate The Coolest Kids and a decade of The Bake Sale can do so tonight at Workshop 4200 for the official 10 year anniversary party. Hey, I was there for the release party at Underground. Never forget. Anyhoo, details on tonight’s soiree are right here.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.674053
Retrieved Text: Are you in need of a charter bus? Is finding a trusted charter bus company a priority for your group? We can solve that problem for you at Bus Quote USA in Lee Center, IL. When it comes to getting a charter bus, party bus, or mini bus, we have the best list of companies on the web. It doesn't matter if you are looking for a fun night on the town for a bachelor/bachelorette party in a party bus or are taking a trip across the country for a family reunion; we've got the perfect solution for everyone. We make getting free charter bus quotes quick and hassle free!
We have a list of charter bus companies that are awaiting you requests and calls to give you the best charter bus quote. When you're trying to find charter bus quotes in Lee Center,, the one stop shop for all you charter bus quotes is Bus Quote USA. Our charter bus companies have all types of buses to choose from. Each time you visit Bus Quote USA you will be able to find local charter bus companies to receive free quotes from. Our goal is for every customer that searches for a charter bus company to find great service at a great rate. We'll help make the process of chartering a bus go smoothly in Lee Center, IL.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.672604
Retrieved Text: Ryan Lee broke out into the electronic music world in the late 90’s. His obsession with influencing club-goers via Deep House, NuDisco, and Progressive Trance quickly attracted club owners, promoters, and everyone in-between in the EDM scene. Ryan Lee’s progressive, underground sounds can be heard at the hottest private parties in Tampa Bay, to headlining the biggest night clubs in Ybor City. He can be heard performing multiple hour spots at all-night music festivals. Ryan Lee’s passion for music is his inspiration and the reason he’s able to attract clients of all kinds.
"Finding great music these days is getting harder and harder...I just want to bring the best tunes to the dance floor that I possibly can. When a DJ loves the music he spins, it’s not that hard to get into it!"
Contact me for booking info!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.61457
Retrieved Text: The book Notes From Underground was made into the movie Notes From Underground.
Notes From Underground was written by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. The book was published in 1945 by Signet Classics. More information on the book is available on Amazon.com.
This collection showcases Dostoyevsky's evolving outlook on man's fate. The compelling works presented here were written at distinct periods in the author's life, at decisive moments in his groping for a political philosophy and a religious answer.
Includes: Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dreams of a Ridiculous Man, and selections from The House of the Dead.
The movie was released in 1995 and directed by Gary Walkow and Henry Czerny. Notes From Underground was produced by Olive Films. More information on the movie is available on Amazon.com.
Actors on this movie include Henry Czerny, Sheryl Lee, Jon Favreau, Christine Hanson, Seth Green, Alina Panova, Geoffrey Rivas, Eamonn Roche, Charlie Stratton, Gary Walkow, Henry Czerny, Sheryl Lee, John Favreau and Seth Green.
"I am a sick man. ... I am a spiteful man. I am an unattractive man. I believe my liver is diseased." With those terrifying words begin one of the masterpieces of world literature, now adopted for a groundbreaking cinematic experience by Gary Walkow, with Henry Czerny giving petrifying life to the central character of Fyodor Dostoevsky's "Notes From Underground." Miserable, arrogant, and self-destructive, the narrator of Dostoevsky's pioneering psychological thriller in existential angst peels off one after another layer of an over-active imagination that like cancer is feeding on its own annihilation. This breathtaking cinematic adaptation of "Notes from Underground"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.538483
Retrieved Text: 30 Fresh Printable Thomas the Train Birthday Invitations is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at December 30, 2018 upload by Happy Birthday in Happy Birthday.
– updated free printable my little pony birthday invitations free printable my little pony birthday invitations hi everyone please e and join at tiana 3th birthday party tiana likes to watch cartoon movies the most free printable mickey mouse 1st birthday invitations mickey mouse will be the theme is cute and adorable for the first birthday party of your child disney has many official license for the product’s first birthday and of course very easy to be integrated into homemade mickey mouse .
– amazon watch paw patrol volume 1 ryder and the paw patrol rescue a lost kitty from the bay but who will save them from all the mayhem she causes ryder rubble and rocky call in chase to help them free katie and cali s train from a rockslide disney family celebrate lunar new year at disney california adventure ring in the year of the pig with lunar new year celebrations at disney california adventure park now through february 17 2019 sesame street & elmo themed birthday party melly moments sesame street & elmo themed birthday party on london underground the london underground also known simply as the underground or by its nickname the tube is a public rapid transit system serving london england and some parts of the adjacent counties of buckinghamshire es and hertfordshire in the united kingdom .
30 Fresh Printable Thomas the Train Birthday Invitations

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.527061
Retrieved Text: After attending a few massive events, it was beyond refreshing to attend this underground event—ZODIAC hosted by Subterranean Dwellers on September 9th, 2016 at the Garage Gallery, in the heart of Downtown Los Angeles, CA. Subterranean Dwellers is known for events which brings the “Psyratchet” to life with their pulsating trance and techno sounds that has allowed them to make a mark in the underground dance scene.
As any event in Los Angeles, the biggest problem you will face is PARKING. This was no exception, luckily there was a reasonable priced parking lot a few blocks off. The host at the event were friendly and quick to get everyone inside. The venue was amazingly soundproof as you could not hear any noise from outside. However once inside, the thumping ‘four-to-the-floor’ kick of trance took over the building. You were surrounded by beautiful art work that was being painted and sold throughout the night. The art seemed to come alive as the music let your imaginations run wild with the emotions that trance and techno allow you to feel. In the back of the gallery was a black-lit room where the underground world came to life.
other and interacted the DJs with familiarity. As I spoke with DJ Othervibe, he expressed his love for the underground scene.
For Othervibe, who started DJ’ing for a high school senior project has been a loyal member of the underground scene. His influences and introduction to the underground stem back from the infamous Kahn. We discussed his start and focused on how the underground

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.508486
Retrieved Text: If there’s one thing I’ve learned while living in Bushwick it’s that the best parties and venues are often found by word of mouth. Saturday night was looking dull until a friend told me about Apostrophe, a newly opened, art/party space on Irving Ave completely hidden by pulling a drop-down wall in front of it.
Once we arrived we were given two playing cards and a few instructions. Find three other people at the party to make a full house and we’ll give you a dollar shot, the door guy said. A meet up game combined with a celebratory ending. It was going to be a good night.
“It’s very underground Brooklyn,” my friend said, probably due to the fact that we were literally underground surrounded by graffitied walls and strobe lights. The DJ spun his house music while partygoers swayed and played with balloons scattered around the floor. Every now and then one would pop, but never deterred the dancers.
The vibe was similar to a typical house party, except being surrounded by art in the upstairs gallery. “We knew a lot of artists and musicians and we thought ‘Lets create a space,’” Sei Smith, one of the founding brothers, said when asked how Apostrophe was born.
Sei and Ki Smith opened the space in September and searched for a name for a month before settling on Apostrophe, derived from a Frank Zappa album. The brothers (who live in the venue) plan live music every weekend and open the gallery Wednesday through Friday.
If you want to experience a casual

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.506432
Retrieved Text: According to North Korean defector Kim Kil Sŏn, the Man'gyŏngdae Electric Machinery Factory is a large underground facility with more than 1,500 employees, including about 600 Korean Workers Party members.
According to Kim Kil Sŏn, construction of the Man'gyŏngdae Electric Machinery Factory began in 1965. Other sources claim it was originally a performance test facility under the Academy of National Defense Sciences until it was changed into an underground production facility in 1977. Kim Kil Sŏn says the factory was completed in 1978 and became North Korea's main underground missile production facility. The Man'gyŏngdae Electric Machinery Factory mass produces missiles after prototypes have passed performance tests at the No. Seven Factory in Yongsŏng-kuyŏk, and missile components are produced at this factory and elsewhere, and Pyongyang. North Korean defector Ko Yŏng Hwan claims the Man'gyŏngdae Electric Machinery Factory also produces Silkworm anti-ship missiles. Ko bases his claims on discussions with his elder brother Ko Bang Nam, who worked there as a senior design engineer. Most analysts now believe the Nodong ballistic missile has become the factory's main product. Given the factory's name, many believe the plant is located in Man'gyŏngdae-kuyŏk, a western district of Pyongyang; however, North Korean defectors have testified that the Man'gyŏngdae Electric Machinery Factory is located in Yongch'u-dong, Yongsŏng-kuyŏk. Kim Kil Sŏn says very few North Koreans, even high-ranking officials, know the precise locations of missile factories for security reasons. She claims there are approximately 200 North Korean factories that produce missile parts and components, and that there are numerous underground tunnels to move weapon-production

================



======= Instance Index 23443 =========
Input Text: Context: Jesse wrote it on the wall.

Question: What will Jesse want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: get a permanent marker

B: get spray paint

C: get away

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.638313
Retrieved Text: Who’s Up For Some Goodtimes, The Band?
On November 7th, the members of a new band called Goodtimes took the stage at Dominion on Queen. The pub was packed wall to wall with friends, family and fans of 15-year-old Jesse Gold (vocalist and guitarist), 16-year-old JP Saxe (vocalist and pianist) and 16-year-old Jack Emblem (drummer). Unfortunately, Jack was ill and so a very proficient replacement drummer, Wen-Hoo Lul, filled in.
Jesse, JP and Jack have all been dedicated musicians for the past 12 years. The three young virtuosos have been playing and writing music together since the beginning of last year. Their sound is both fresh and captivating; their lyrics both intelligent and inspiring. When asked where they draw their musical inspiration from they replied, “intense emotions and real-life situations.” Besides composing their own stuff, the trio also enjoys performing cover songs for hits such as Katy Perry’s “I Kissed a Girl” and Jet’s “Are You Gonna Be My Girl?” Goodtimes is a combination of alternative rock, pop, blues and soul—Coldplay meets Maroon 5.
Jesse, JP and Jack are involved with Free the Children (a foundation focused on providing less fortunate children around the globe with education and clean drinking water). Last March, JP had the incredible opportunity to travel to Kenya with the Me to We program (part of Free the Children), to build schools and water projects, returning home, “as inspired as you can possibly be.” He now wants to share his experience with as many people as possible, pairing up with Degrassi’s Raymond Ablack, who shared

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.536568
Retrieved Text: Jesse Chicago is a stunning Italian showroom featuring hip modular wall system and sleek modern furniture. It has been 5 years for Jesse Chicago and 10 years for Home Element. On February 5th, Jesse Chicago/Home Element celebrated together with CS Interiors for this very special occasion. Over 200 people from the local River North Design District joined to experience Jesse Chicago’s renovated showroom and discovered the new Jesse open wall system and furniture collection.
This entry was posted in Events, jesse chicago, Press, river north design district and tagged jesse chicago, mike cao. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.10835
Retrieved Text: Jesse Livermore stated that a stop is one of the most important parts of trading. Livermore felt that a stop should be established prior to entering a trade. This stop should take in account for the size of your account and the volatility of the stock you are trading.
Jesse Livermore's trading system is characterized in one short sentence: Wait for turning tides, catch the beginning of the big wave and ride the. Jesse Lauriston Livermore (July 26, 1877 November 28, 1940) was an American investor and security analyst.
They have positions for daily movements and won’t be in a position to take advantage of the next important swing. Trading Gurus Jesse Livermore George Soros. About This Site. My site doesn't shout "BUY MY SYSTEM", nor does it tell you just enough so you'll have to buy something to find out the rest of the strategy.
The Livermore System defines the stock trading ticker in terms of trend and swing. An upswing, for example, is a sequential series of higher pivot highs and higher pivot lows.
This Pin was discovered by Atif Deen. Discover (and save!) your own Pins on Pinterest.
Jesse Livermore was a self-made man trading with his own money – not other people’s money, like modern investment banks and hedge funds. Depending how you measure it, his fortune peaked between 1.1 and 14.0 billion dollars in today’s money. Advertisements.
The Best Stock Trader of All Time: Beating Jesse Livermore Track Record by the leader in High Performance Trading and Educational Programs for Investors in the financial markets. Finally I

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.874706
Retrieved Text: The disc’s 17 tracks are mostly traditional in origin, but that leaves room for much variety. There’s the blazing fiddle duet “Sally Anne Johnson,” which you can see in a live video from the Deep End Ranch concert that went along with the recording session. There’s Emily’s unaccompanied solo on the shape-note song “Hungry Faint And Poor” and the similarly unaccompanied song led by Jesse, the mournful ballad “Hiram Herbert.” Besides the Ola Belle Reed song they cover Hazel Dickens’s “My Better Years.” And each of them contributes a song of their own devising, both very personal and engaging contemporary folk songs. Emily wrote “I Got Lucky” as a surprise for their wedding and Jesse wrote the humorous “My Baby’s Not A Nightowl” about Emily’s tendency to fall asleep during concerts when she was a grad student.
If you are a stranger to the music of Jesse and Emily as I was, take the plunge and check it out. This couple’s music completely won me over. You can listen to “Fun’s All Over,” “Roving Gambler,” and “I Got Lucky With You” (and learn more about the Deep End Sessions series) on the Deep End Sessions website. Jesse and Emily also have a website.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.243052
Retrieved Text: Do you long for a way to provide more storage room at home without encroaching too much on your living space?
The Danes produced the solution in the last century, with the Royal System, a wall-unit created by Poul Cadovious.
The Royal System was a floating wall structure for storage, which was light, reflective and assembled to individual requirements; an unlimited selection of cabinets and shelves in various sizes, fixed to the wall using simple uprights.
The Italian producer Jesse, who specialise in modern living designs have now brought the idea right up to date with the innovative Jesse Online wall units.
The Online system has a bearing structure with no visible vertical structural parts, including a run of removable back sections in 5 different heights, along with creatively slim 30mm shelving, ingeniously engineered to bear heavy loads.
This results in an ultra-light structure, which can be fitted to any sort of supporting wall, not only structural walls, which is very often the trouble with conventional wall units.
The Online also uses up to date technology to enable incorporating audio systems, flat TV screens, as well as hidden lighting, so that ugly cables and plugs are concealed to comply with modern style requirements.
The system’s shelves have cable ducts and the cabinets include IR sensors that permit remote controls to function through closed doors.
The sliding doors incorporate another novel design feature – a track invisibly fitted to the shelves, which removes surface contact to provide a delightfully silent function.
The Jesse Online system is available in a choice of attractive finishes, including Thermal Oak

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.090565
Retrieved Text: Celeste and Jesse Forever is a not particularly funny romantic comedy.
Celeste and Jesse Forever is the kind of film that will resonate emotionally far more than you might expect, though it's highly unlikely that you'll leave the theater thinking to yourself "Wow, I was really entertained." It's not a particularly entertaining or funny film, but it's a film that works because both Celeste (Rashida Jones) and Jesse (Andy Samberg) are characters you grow to care about even when they aren't sympathetic. The two play lifelong best friends who are married but getting a divorce while still planning to remain best friends.
It's like the ultimate amicable divorce, though it doesn't ever feel like it's for particularly solid reasons and, as audience members, it becomes increasingly difficult to buy into the divorce because Celeste and Jesse are so good together, both because they work together as characters and because Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg have a delightfully playful and emotionally satisfying chemistry together.
The two even plan to live essentially together, she in the house and he in the studio. It makes perfect sense to them, though their friends, including Tucker (Eric Christian Olsen) and Beth (Ari Graynor), are having a much harder time with it.
If it sounds like all of this could be played for laughs, you're absolutely correct. It could be played for laughs, and while there are laughs to be found here it's actually quite surprising how much drama there is to be found in Celeste and Jesse Forever. It's not surprising that Rashida Jones can

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.045303
Retrieved Text: On the day Hitary.com uploaded 13 photo about Graffiti Art Business | Jesse Edwards Best Graffiti For Hire For Hd Desktop image is one of the photograph among other pictures in the post of Cool Graffiti Collections For Desktop HD Wall. The photography uploaded on Friday, March 28, 2014 08:47:44 AM. If you like the photography, you can Download Graffiti Art Business | Jesse Edwards Best Graffiti For Hire For Hd Desktop photography, or if you can access photography in large size, simply visit on the thumbnail with size 1024 × 764 pixels under Hitary.com photography gallery.
The mesmerizing Graffiti Art Business | Jesse Edwards Best Graffiti For Hire For Hd Desktop Graffiti Art, image above, is categorized in Graffiti Art topic. If you want to know more details of The hotel info, just here to back on discussion page.
Graffiti Art Business | Jesse Edwards Best Graffiti For Hire For Hd Desktop also field in wall, graffiti collection, best graffiti, k, graffit, t, also posted in Graffiti Art, and other. Addition, we also furnish concerning top architecture schools in new york you can find within at this site.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.023449
Retrieved Text: Well, it’s now been over a week since my last process post, which was also the first. I guess that means it’s time for another one! Since I like the whole going-in-order thing, I’m going to talk about track two of the Malibu Shark Attack album, “Yo Into New York,” which features incredible guest verses byJesse Dangerously and Kevin Steinhauser from Math the Band.
I’ll make the same disclaimer here that I made last time: I am in no way attempting to tell you what you should think or feel about the songs. I’m only going to say what I was thinking and feeling when I wrote them.
This is the song that is essentially responsible for Malibu Shark Attack existing at all. When Rocky first emailed me out of the blue to ask if I wanted to make an album with an odd and exciteable Northern Irish indie rock producer, this is one of the tracks the he sent. As soon as I heard it I knew. I instantly knew that I needed to work with this guy and that it was going to literally change my life.
When the band was performing this song on our UK tour with MC Lars I would introduce it by saying “Rocky wrote this next song about being super hungover in New York; I wrote it about being really good at rap. Let’s go!” And that’s pretty much true. The song’s original title was “Put The Boke In Hoboken;” “boke” meaning “barf,” “puke,” etc. But that was before I had written

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.99811
Retrieved Text: John feels as if he’s being cut right open, every part of him exposed to Jesse, inside and out. Every organ and bone is open for taking, and Jesse plunges his hand right through the his chest and wraps his determined fingers around John’s slippery heart. It’s perfect, absolutely perfect, and John could cry.
jesse gasps as john thrusts harder and harder into him, tears threatening to blur his vision, but he's feeling anything but misery. this is pure bliss.
In light of what's happened with Jessey Lacey, I don't feel comfortable having this fic on my profile anymore. That said, it is a Thing I Wrote and I put in time and care, and for that reason I don't want to delete it forever. I also don't feel like I can abdicate responsibility for having written this work, so I've decided to orphan this while leaving my pseud on. You can contact me about it if you like. Mina.
you’re the web in front of a favorite lie.
Sequel to The Tension and the Terror. Spans about three and a half years of Jesse Lacey and John Nolan’s relationship in their early twenties, up to and immediately after The Fight. Because yeah, the internet needed another one of those fics. The first ten chapters take place from the fall of 1997 through 1998; chapter eleven onwards is from 1999 through to May of 2001.
whether we’re supposed to or not we still will.
We’re so much better off than them.
Covers Jesse Lacey and John Nolan’s relationship from their first meeting to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.946224
Retrieved Text: Lee Denson was an early rockabilly wannabe, most famous for his 1957 recording of "New Shoes" on Vik, which featured Eddie Cochran on guitar. His full name is Jesse Lee Denson and together with his brother, James, he recorded as Jesse James for the Kent label. Denson wrote and recorded the original version of this track in 1960, though it seems not to have been released until 1973, when it was issued as a single on Enterprise ENA-9086. Denson was known for his unconfirmed tales of friendship with Elvis and claimed to have taught Elvis to play guitar. Lee Denson died in November 2007.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.883553
Retrieved Text: Mercenary and physical as well as the unscrupulous character, of those no thimbles were sold. The clew who wrote the song la grange pointed unerringly to raven's nest as the state of texas for the night dodge and his companions, on the surface being perceptibly finer and more than ordinary capacity and shrewdness, and, emboldened by the constant apprehension of treachery among his own hotel, but arose in the afternoon services by an extraordinary announcement from the court for dodge and blacker still for hummel. How the little lawyer in new york city, flooding the entire continuance of the rangers by the supreme court at washington. The hummel who wrote the song la grange forces in the united states marshal. Jesse, through.
And bracken were landing at point isabelle, where they secured a writ of habeas corpus cases adversely to dodge, offering him cheap who wrote the song la grange transportation to the extent of requesting him to jail, but the detective at once procured an assistant by the laws of the old reprobate away a prisoner. When the trial came on, a material witness for the extradition of the terminus. During the flush times that followed who wrote the song la grange the war, immense fortunes were suddenly acquired by a policeman. He was unceremoniously hustled out of houston early in october another attempt was made to bribe him the prisoner's bail could then be forfeited and dodge and blacker still for hummel. How the little shyster practiced his profession. Had he who wrote the song

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.868298
Retrieved Text: An investigative look at how a virtual Filipina girl created by a team in the Netherlands brought a predator in Australia to justice.
A personal essay For The Atlantic about deciding whether or not to continue taking antidepressants in anticipation of pregnancy.
A profile of novelty song writer Jesse Goldberg, completed as part of the Transom Travelling Workshop in Nashville, Tennessee.
In the fall of 2011, I spent several months travelling around the United States visiting Occupy Wall Street camps. I wrote about my journey, the people I met and what they had to say for Canada's This Magazine.
A travel story deep into the heart of Transylvania, where rural life has not changed in hundreds of years and Hungarians, Romanians and Germans live peacefully side by side.
One of Spain's holiest of religious events is also one hell of a party. I travelled by foot from Seville to Rocío to witness the piety and the madness.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.834576
Retrieved Text: If you have been following the Occupy Wall Street Movement, you may have already seen this clip last week. In case you missed it, here's the rundown.
Jesse LaGreca, a vocal member of the Occupy Wall Street Movement, was interviewed by a producer for Greta van Susteren‘s Fox News show. The articulate LaGreca quickly puts the producer in his place, prompting him toward the end of the clip to admit: "Fair enough. You have voiced an important reason to criticize myself and my company."
The New York Observer shared the video that Fox chose not to run. As the Observer writes, "... the decision was made to leave [this segment] on the cutting room floor. The reason should be obvious pretty quickly."
This week, the state budget dominated with the introduction of the House Republican budget. We also weighed in on the cost of a voter ID law and the rules for CEO pay.
On the state budget, Chris Lilienthal shared a Patriot-News feature that asked the Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center what a good budget would look like. Chris also wrote an initial take on the House Republican budget plan unveiled on Tuesday and later in the week highlighted the center's full analysis of that plan.
Sharon Ward blogged about another recent Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center report on what it would cost to implement a voter ID law in Pennsylvania.
Finally, on income inequality, Mark Price wrote about a change in the rules of measuring CEO pay at Wal-Mart that ensures CEO compensation keeps growing.
The Pennsylvania House of Representatives is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.79637
Retrieved Text: See The Video For Jesse Mac Cormack's Song, 'Give A Chance' : All Songs Considered Jesse Mac Cormack's song "Give a Chance," follows humans making their way across the ordeals of life — with rope as a metaphor — towards that proverbial light that everyone tries to have in them.
I didn't know what it was about this song that enthralled me. Then Jesse Mac Cormack, the Montreal songwriter told me this: "My initial goal was to write a song using African ternary rhythm in order to create a trance in concert." So, now, as I listen. I hear those repetitive patterns; they're in his rhythm tracks and also in the three-word patterns he uses. The lyrics are, as Jesse told me, about "the birth and death of relationships, how you must let them go when seasons change when it's time to look for new paths. There is no shortcut for those things. You have to go through them."
The frenetic-paced, somewhat manic imagery in this video amplifies Jesse Mac Mac Cormack's intense song. When asked about this imagery, director Frédérique Bérubé wrote back with what at first seemed like a random quote from the biologist Henri Laborit: "Faced with an ordeal, man has only three choices: fight, do nothing, or flee." It felt more succinct than random after I gave it more thought. Frédérique Bérubé went on to say that "in the video for 'Give a Chance,' we follow humans making their way across the multiple ordeals of life — with rope as a metaphor — towards

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.500372
Retrieved Text: “No, I am not crazy for writing you twice in one day, just head over heels in love with you!” Thus, the ever romantic, Master Sergeant Jesse Lare began his letter to Mildred Patterson of Fishtown, Philadelphia, on September 27, 1944. Jesse and Mildred had not known each other for very long. They met at a mutual friend’s house several months earlier, and their correspondence had begun in June, when Jesse first wrote to Mildred. They maintained a correspondence that lasted almost two years and led to their marriage.
Jesse, who was also from Philadelphia, was stationed in Memphis at Second Army Headquarters, and later, at Camp Shelby in Mississippi. He was serving in the Second Army, a training outfit that readied troops for combat and other army jobs. Mildred lived in Philadelphia, and worked at the Kensington National Bank.
told each other about the daily goings on of life, from progress in the war to activities in Philadelphia and at the army base, the weather, and their feelings. It is clear they were well-suited friends, and the romance that quickly developed was a natural next step.
Having met in person only a few times, they married in January 1945. As a married couple, they maintained a candid correspondence in which they regularly discussed the ups and downs of their relationship and future together.
The Jesse and Mildred Lare Correspondence, 1944-1945, was donated to the Special Collections Research Center by Jesse and Mildred Lare’s daughter, in early 2015. This great World War II era collection has been processed and is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.499537
Retrieved Text: Jesse: *hugs her* Don't worry...I'm sure he's not...why would he?
Jesse: He shouldn't be so sensitive...He's twice your age...It's not like...like he can be your boyfriend.
Jesse" Doesn't he work as a zydrate dealer? Maybe he went to do that?
Hmm... That could possibly be the case. *kinda smiles, then looks at the wall clock* Oh crap. I'm sorry Jesse, but I gotta get home... My mom is gonna kill me for being out this late! *gets up from the bed and grabs her bag, then turns back at Jesse* ... Will I see you here tomorrow?
*JUST walks into the building. Looking and feeling fabulous. xD damn Sundays, WHY DOES SHE NEED TO GO WITH THEM TO THE BOWLING ALLEY?! SHE DOESN'T EVEN BOWL. XD. Oh yay, Graves is there with Jesse* Sorry I am late! Kinda was busy. *smiles* Hello Jesse! Graves!
*smiles and accepts the hug... Hmm he is just as warm as Graves...* How long have you two been here?
Hmph, *smirks* Well thats good. There is really no needs to wait for me though. *smiles* So... Um, Graverobber, *looks at him* What was that ''something'' you had to do last night? It... Um... Looked kinda important...?
Graverobber: I knew you wouldn't be able to hold it in!
*Smirks* >.> You know me too well, damnit.
Graverobber: I am..well..was, your master. But I guess Jesse took ever that now.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.479837
Retrieved Text: Walt, Jesse, and Mike struggle over the future of their business, as occupational hazards weigh on Jesse.
Walt’s team must get creative to obtain the materials they need to continue their operation.
Walt celebrates another birthday. Skyler considers her options. An associate complicates Walt and Jesse’s plan.
As Walt deals with the aftermath of the Casa Tranquila explosion, Hank works to wrap up his investigation of Gus’ empire.
Walt and Jesse team up to take on Gus. With Saul’s help, Walt finds an unexpected ally.
Walt takes drastic action to protect his secret and Gus. Skyler’s efforts to solve Ted’s financial problems hit a wall.
Walt’s family worries when he doesn’t turn up for Walter, Jr.’s 16th birthday. Jesse is forced to put his lab skills to the test without Mr. White’s help.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.475922
Retrieved Text: Rhythm & Blues with the Essence of Elvis.
Maybe all roads lead to Elvis, or maybe they all originate from him. The theory of six degrees (or less) of separation holds true here and is illustrated on this compilation. Roy Hamilton and Brook Benton were both much admired by Elvis, Jesse Stone wrote songs that Elvis covered or performed and also pulled together the Cues.
The Cues included Jimmy Breedlove and Ollie Jones, Stone backed Hamilton on Crazy Feeling, Blackwell also wrote some of Elvis’ biggest hits and co-wrote with Winfield Scott (also on the MGM We Wrote ‘Em We Sing ‘Em compilation and working with Jesse Stone and the Cues).
Lavern Baker directly responds to the King’s recording of Little Sister with Hey Memphis and Elvis also covered her song You’re The Boss (recorded with Bass man Jimmy Ricks, also connected to Ollie Jones via the Ravens) with Ann-Margret for Viva Las Vegas, Clarence Paul wrote a song Roy Hamilton had a hit with, Elvis sang one of Ollie Jones’ songs, Blackwell wrote for Elvis and Dee Clark and Elvis and Dee Clark also worked with the same drummer, Jerome ‘Stump’ Monroe…the permutations are almost infinite.
This compilation pulls together recordings by a roster of stars that are influenced by or evocative of Elvis’ style or material. Alternatively, Elvis was influenced by some of these singers or songs. We invite you to listen to this selection and ponder for yourselves the interconnectivity and small world of Rock and Roll…or maybe just enjoy the music!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.43532
Retrieved Text: Jesse and Bridget had been together for a long time, it was one of those weddings where you kept hearing guests say "about time!" I LOVE those 'long time coming' weddings because the anticipation of that big day rarely let's down. I mean Jesse's best man wrote a song called 'Jesse and Bridget's wedding' almost SEVEN years ago... and then played it at their wedding.
This pair worked hard to bring their day together and, like most weddings, that can bring some stress the day of. The moment these two saw each other, that all melted away. You could tell they had each other's backs, could read each other's minds, and were ready to have a blast on their new adventure together.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.394678
Retrieved Text: Rashida Jones (The Social Network, TV’s “Parks & Recreation”) co-wrote the screenplay and stars with Andy Samberg (TV’s “Saturday Night Live”) in the delightfully witty romantic comedy CELESTE AND JESSE FOREVER, releasing on Blu-ray and DVD TODAY from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The film follows Celeste (Jones) and Jesse (Samberg) as a young married couple who find themselves growing apart. At 30 years old, they decide to get divorced and attempt to stay best friends while pursuing other relationships. While navigating the turbulent changes in their lives and in their hearts, the two learn that in order to truly love someone, you may have to let them go. With Elijah Wood (Lord of the Rings Trilogy) and Emma Roberts (Valentine’s Day), CELESTE AND JESSE FOREVER also stars Chris Messina (TV’s “The Mindy Project,” “Damages”), Eric Christian Olsen (TV’s “NCIS: Los Angeles”) and Will McCormack (TV’s “In Plain Sight”).
As a special treat for our SugarBangers, we are giving away the Celeste and Jesse Forever Blu-ray to one lucky winner! But it doesn’t stop there. We are also giving away a SIGNED DVD from Rashida Jones herself! Now you’ll have more chances to win. All you have to do is like this article and answer this question. Who is Rashina Jones’ father? We will pick a winner at the end of the month. Make sure to include your email address so we can contact you!
Celeste and Jesse Forever is available on Blu-ray and DVD now!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.354782
Retrieved Text: | 1) Owen Shroyer also joined the show today as a guest. He is a political activist and commentator for infowars.com. He and Jesse discussed the Nunes lawsuit, media censorship of conservative voices, the Border Wall, and other topics.
| 2) Joel and Jesse read some more of today's Super Chats!
Caelan is a first time caller out of California who called to thank Jesse for everything he has done for him. He also had a question about leadership.
Dane from Mississippi called back. His call ... See More dropped on Monday! He needed advice for his rebellious 17-year-old son.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.3453
Retrieved Text: LOS ANGELES, July 5 (UPI) -- Don't look for Grey's Anatomy creator Shonda Rhimes to fire star Jesse Williams for his impassioned speech about racism. It's not happening, she said.
"Um, people? Boo don't need a petition," Rhimes, 46, tweeted to her 1.25 million Twitter followers Sunday. "#shondalandrules."
Williams gave the speech during the recent BET awards. Giving an acceptance speech for the Humanitarian Award related to his activism in the Black Lives Matter movement, the father of two spoke of civil rights and cultural appropriation.
A woman named Erin Smith went on Change.org and created a petition to remove the 34-year-old from Grey's Anatomy, US Weekly reported.
"Jesse Williams spewed a racist, hate speech against law enforcement and white people at the BET awards," Smith wrote in a Change.org petition, Salon reported.
"If this was a white person making the same speech about an African American," she continued, "they would have been fired and globally chastised, as they should be, but there has been no consequences to Williams' actions."
As of Tuesday morning, 5,445 people had signed Smith's petition.
Pernell Walker created a Change.org petition of his own, petitioning Rhimes to keep Williams on the show. As of Tuesday, it had received 5,870 signatures.
On June 29, Clueless star Stacey Dash called Williams a "plantation slave." She called the entire BET network racist, ET reported.
"I've said it before and I'll say it again: BET is keeping racism and segregation alive and this past Sunday's awards show proves it," Dash wrote in a blog post. "Particularly the speech given by Grey's Anatomy star Jesse

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.278555
Retrieved Text: This Oscar nominated film and Sundance Grand Jury Prize winner, looks at a Long Island family torn apart by accusations of child molestation. As the film documents, Arnold Friedman and his son Jesse were convicted for extreme accusations of abuse based on testimony and without other evidence. “The film is as an instructive lesson about the elusiveness of facts, especially in a legal context,” wrote Roger Ebert. Now ten years after the film’s release, it continues to stir debate, leading to new investigations and revelations. Director Andrew Jarecki has become a strong advocate for innocence of Jesse Friedman, who completed a stint in prison.
Following this screening, Jarecki will discuss the latest developments in the case, including court rulings that took place this summer.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.246109
Retrieved Text: The “Occupy Wall Street” protests that began in New York on September the 17th have now moved around the world. Demonstrations have spread to more than 60 major cities worldwide. Protesters were out in force at the weekend in Tokyo, Rome, London, Buenos Aires, Helsinki and other capitals and financial centres. Protests in the Italian capital saw battles between protestors and police in which dozens were injured, shop windows smashed and cars torched. The protests are against corporate greed and corruption, government cuts, and social inequality. In Japan, protestors marched behind “Occupy Tokyo" banners and protested outside the headquarters of the owner of the Fukushima nuclear power plants.
Occupy Wall Street was started in New York by the Canadian activist group Adbusters. The movement is now being compared to the Tahrir Square protests in Cairo earlier this year and the Arab Spring. Jesse LaGreca, a leader of Occupy Wall Street, spoke on U.S. television about the spread of the protests around the world. He said: "We are seeing our future stolen away from us while the wealthiest one percent get richer and richer, and I'm glad people are taking a role and participating in their democracy." He added: “The growth is happening very organically. There is communication among protesters worldwide through Twitter, through Facebook, through social media, and just through friends who are concerned about each other."
1. THE “OCCUPY” PROTESTS: Walk around the class and talk to other students about the “Occupy” protests. Change partners often. Sit with your first partner(s) and share your findings.
3. PROTESTS: What’s

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.0621
Retrieved Text: Jesse Alejandro Cottrell (Association for the Empowerment of People with Disabilities - AEPD): Jesse began his advocacy work in San Francisco, California, working for a number of youth empowerment organizations and programs, including Park Sessions, which he helped to establish. Jesse earned a BA in Literature and Music from Bennington College in 2006. After spending three years as a bandleader and songwriter in New York City, Jesse returned to non-profit work as Associate Director and Development Coordinator at Salem Art Works, a regional arts center in Upstate New York. He was pursuing a Master of International Affairs degree at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA) at the time of his fellowship. After his fellowship Jesse wrote: “My time in Vietnam completely altered my course of study at Columbia. As a consequence of the work I did with AEPD, my priorities shifted. My second year of classes at Columbia reflect that shift. Such a fundamental change in academic priorities reflects an experience that is as enriching as I could have hoped for."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.951113
Retrieved Text: I wrote this blog in November, 2016, shortly after we said goodbye to Jesse and Wrangler. With so much loss, I wasn't able to post it then.
It's been a week since we said goodbye to Jesse and Wrangler. We had hoped that they would be with us longer. But their time came sooner than we expected.
Our veterinarian was out two weeks previously. Pete, Dr. Kennedy and I agreed that that was not the day. The pair were enjoying the sun and grooming each other. Maybe it would be in a week, a month, several months or more. But today was not the day. Pete and I were relieved. The horses were enjoying the day. There was peace.
Just two weeks later we were faced with the need to say goodbye to them. Jesse injured her leg and it was severe. She had been laying down a lot to release the pressure on her knee. There was a large bulge above her knee and she was limping badly. We treated her with bute daily over the week but it did not help. The vet felt that with the severity of the injury, her age and winter coming that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to give her quality of life. Jesse was declining and it was becoming clear to us that there were no humane solutions and we needed to seriously think about euthanasia.
We had the vet out on a friday afternoon, after I got off work. I've been present for the euthanasia of 15 other equines,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.94351
Retrieved Text: January I will be hosting Guest Artist Jesse of dosecreative.com. I have had a bin of his prints in my studio for a few months now. But this month Jesse will be in the studio along with some of his amazing wall art prints.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.922817
Retrieved Text: Prior to the Alabama vs. LSU beatdown re-match in New Orleans, we wrote that the Tide’s resident inked-up Aussie wanted a new tat.
After Bama won the BCS National Championship, we wrote about the entire Williams family proudly sharing in the celebration with their new title tattoos.
Jesse is the only signee from the 2011 Bama signing class to earn a starting spot in every game, particularly impressive that it was a starting position on the Tide’s history-making defense.
“Williams arrived in January of 2011 from Western Arizona Community College, went through spring practice and grabbed a starting spot right away. He started all 13 games in the national championship season and had his three best games against Alabama’s three best opponents.
This season, Jesse moves from defensive end to nose tackle. He has been named to the preseason watch lists for the Bednarik, Lombardi, Nagurski and Outland Trophy awards. He has also been named to the preseason All-SEC list and several preseason All-American lists. He is projected to go in the 1st-2nd round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
Oh, and you might have heard, he bench presses 600 POUNDS!!
It’s going to be fun watching him work towards Alabama’s 15th national championship.
All comments can be directed to @LivingCrimson on Twitter or Facebook.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.834019
Retrieved Text: As I mentioned in my inspiration post, we've been chipping away at the basement for the past few months. We finally reached a good mid-way point this weekend, so I wanted to share some photos!
Here is a photo of how the room looked a few months ago. Ugh. Dreadful.
The storage shelves were handy, but not ideally located. Since our goal is to turn this into a family hang out space, we decided to take them down. The boards are actually a lovely cedar, so we removed all the nails and saved them for another project.
After the shelves were removed, Jesse installed six recessed can lights and we also had the ceiling spray painted black. The spray job wasn't cheap, but it saved us a couple weekends worth of time so I think it was a good investment. The color is off-the-shelf flat black from Glidden, available at Home Depot.
I gave the cinder block walls two coats of bright white paint and also painted the floors with Valspar Latex Porch and Floor Paint. Painting the floors required a LOT of prep work because you need to remove every speck of dirt, but it cost less than fifty dollars so I really can't complain!
A quick break down of the floor painting process. First, I used a scraper to remove tape, globs of paint and other mysterious substances from the floor. Then I used a drywall sander and went over the floors twice to smooth out any remaining gunk and loosen dirt, sweeping in between. After that, I vacuumed

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.822865
Retrieved Text: I was born with magic. We all are. I believe in the flowing magic of childhood: in shining eyes, giggling laughter, wonder and wisdom; knowing we are the stuff of stars.
This is real. This magic. I want to hold it. Cherish it. Share it. Show others. Guide and shepherd our Magic. Keep this Magic burning bright throughout our lifetime – not just in our childhood!
I wrote Becoming Jesse: to invite and share that magic, even amid life’s ups & downs; because Jesse is guided to find – and become – and keep – his Magic Light.
I became an educator, artist, musician, wife, mother and grandmother. And now I am the author of the upcoming novel: Becoming Jesse ~ Celebrating the Every Day Magic of Childhood. My thirty years as a primary school teacher helped to infuse all my work with the joys of childhood.
I am an award-winning artist, and served as President of the Conanicut Island Art Association, Jamestown, RI; as well as on the Board of the Dunedin Fine Arts Center, Dunedin, Florida. My paper art andminiatures (PaperSolo.com) are sold at Florida’s St.
Petersburg Museum of Fine Art, and are in the permanent collection the St. Petersburg Opera Company.
I also served on The Florida Orchestra Board ofConsultants. I am a composer, and played my flute composition (Jesse’s Song) for the St. Petersburg Opera audience, and introducing a string ensemble from the Philadelphia Orchestra.

================



======= Instance Index 21593 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall followed the doctors advice and recovered quickly.

Question: How would you describe Kendall?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: obedient

B: back to normal

C: good for having her condition fixed

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.640285
Retrieved Text: Kendall Coffman has been an attorney since November 1997, after earning his law degree from the University of California, Davis and passing the California State Bar Exam on his first try. Before law school, Mr. Coffman earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of California, Berkeley, Class of 1994.
From late 1997 to 2010, Attorney Kendall Coffman worked at three different law offices. His first job was with a small law office in San Jose, California; followed by his second job with a small law office that was located in Menlo Park, California, and which moved to Palo Alto, California; then his third job, with a small law office in Milpitas, California. At each office, Mr. Coffman’s employer relied upon him to handle the consumer bankruptcy cases. By 2010, Mr. Coffman decided to start his own practice.
At the Law Office of Kendall David Coffman, you get personal attention directly from Mr. Coffman himself, from start to finish, beginning with the free initial consultation all the way to the closing of your case. You will not find yourself dealing with a lawyer who simply hands over your case file to an overworked paralegal and then quickly forgets about you.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.396238
Retrieved Text: At Kendall Pediatric Partners in Kendall/South Miami, Florida, our board-certified pediatricians don’t just treat younger children; they are also skilled in adolescent medicine and regularly treat patients up to the age of 25 years old. We provide a caring environment where teens and young adults will feel comfortable discussing all of their health issues and concerns.
Kendall Pediatric Partners is also pleased to offer same-day sick visits and after-hours care for pre-teens, teenagers, and young adults.
No matter what your adolescent’s health concern, our caring doctors can help. Contact Kendall Pediatric Partners in Miami, Florida today to make an appointment at (305) 274-2255 or request an appointment online.
© Kendall Pediatric Partners. All rights reserved.
The board-certified pediatricians at Kendall Pediatric Partners in Miami, FL, provide comprehensive pediatric health services for kids of all ages, from newborns, infants, toddlers, and young children to adolescents, teenagers, and young adults up to age 25.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.48323
Retrieved Text: Kendall was on Sue’s lap as usual after supper while Sue and her husband Gary watched television. The half-beagle-half-pug rescue dog (in more ways than one) from Paw Animal Shelter, kept sniffing and pushing on Sue’s right shoulder with her nose. Sue, thinking she had some food on her blouse, looked at her right shoulder and felt around. There was no food stain, but she could feel something puffy on her shoulder and upper arm. Kendall, kept sniffing and pushing, like a drug-sniffing dog for the police.
Very well, Sue decided she would have her shoulder checked out. Sure enough, she had cancer of the lymph nodes and possibly one breast.
There is major history of cancer in Sue’s family. Her dad died of colon cancer when she was 14. He wasn’t there to walk her down the aisle or see her children.
Her father was the oldest of eight children, and all of them, with the exception of one, died of cancer — brain, lung, bone, prostate, colon — the whole gamut. A lot of them smoked, so there were two lung cancers. Her grandfather died of colon cancer and her brother of prostate cancer.
Because of the history of cancer in her family, Sue’s oncologist recommended that she have her DNA tested. Sure enough again, her DNA tested positive for the BRCA1 gene mutation. BR stands for Breast and CA stands for Cancer. The BRCA gene test is a blood test that uses DNA analysis to identify harmful changes (mutations) in either one of the two breast cancer

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.276968
Retrieved Text: We were truly astounded with what we saw with the MSA testing and we followed the regiment given to us to detoxify and support various internal organs. Within a week he had improved significantly.
Within four to six weeks he was fully recovered. Even the medical doctors were amazed! He had no surgery and had eliminated all the prescription medications he was previously using.
This whole experience opened our eyes to other avenues for the betterment of our health. We all wondered how differently things could have been with mother had we only knew of other options. It became our mission to educate and make available information of alternatives in healthcare.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.21073
Retrieved Text: Published: Jan. 2, 2011 at 02:31 p.m.
(8:58) D.Woodhead up the middle to NE 34 for no gain (K.Langford). FUMBLES (K.Langford), RECOVERED by MIA-P.Soliai at NE 34.
Published: Jan. 2, 2011 at 01:33 p.m.
Dolphins DE Kendall Langford forces a Danny Woodhead fumble, snapping the Patriots' NFL record for most consecutive games without a turnover (7 games).
Published: Dec. 12, 2010 at 05:58 p.m.
(5:50) (Shotgun) M.Sanchez sacked at NYJ 20 for -4 yards (K.Langford). FUMBLES (K.Langford), RECOVERED by MIA-Q.Moses at NYJ 26. Q.Moses to NYJ 26 for no gain (D.Ferguson).
Published: Dec. 12, 2010 at 04:53 p.m.
The Dolphins gain possession after Mark Sanchez loses the ball on a sack.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.203285
Retrieved Text: Our warrior, Kendall, was born with a significant heart defect in June 2005. Her first four years were punctuated by four open heart surgeries; one surgery to match each precious year of her life. As we marched through those surgeries with all the faith and courage we could muster, we looked forward to an uneventful future for our family. A future where the extent of our medical worries would be making it to a standard check-up on time, kissing a skinned knee or wiping a runny nose.
We would soon discover Kendall’s four heart surgeries had only scratched the surface. Our future would be anything but uneventful and standard.
In August 2006 Kendall was a cooing, bright-eyed, golden-haired 13 month old girl. It was supposed to be a time for snuggling and bedtime stories. Walks in the stroller and trying new foods.
It was also the time she got her first pneumonia. August 2006 was when we learned what our child sounded like as she struggled for air. It was our line of demarcation from the known to the unknown.
Kendall was admitted to our local Children’s hospital and quickly transferred to the ICU. With each of her labored breaths, our worry took hold. Doctors performed the first of what would be a desperately endless stream of bronchosocopies at her bedside. Their goal was to keep her airway open. Their discovery was an unexplained and alarming amount of mucus in her lungs.
She went on to have chronic pneumonia for the next seven years. A chronic pneumonia of unknown origin. A

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.12256
Retrieved Text: ORLANDO, Fla. – Amherst College improved to 6-2 on the year with a 9-0 victory over Colorado College on Saturday in non-conference men's tennis Spring Break action.
Amherst stops a two-game skid and will return home to face #6 Claremont Mudd-Scripps on Friday, March 22 at 3:00 PM in their Northeast opener.
Kevin Ma '21 and William Turchetta '22 got things started with an 8-0 sweep at third doubles, followed quickly by an 8-1 win at second doubles by Zach Bessette '19 and Oliver Kendall '19.
Sean Wei '21 and Jesse Levitin '19 gave Amherst a 3-0 lead when they topped Noah Forman and Danny Holland 8-5 at the top of the doubles ladder.
The momentum continued into singles play, as no Mammoths dropped a set to the Tigers (1-3).
Jon Heidenberg '19 was spotless in a 6-0, 6-0 win over Alex Wimer at #6 singles, as was Turchetta, who didn't drop a game at the third spot.
Damien Ruparel '22 defeated Forman 7-5, 6-2 at the top of the lineup and Harris Foulkes '22 topped Holland 6-2, 6-1 one rung down.
Levitin went 6-4, 6-0 at #4 singles and Kendall topped Alex Kley 7-6, 6-2 on the #5 court.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.103365
Retrieved Text: Smoking salmon is an art, one that Ducktrap has mastered over generations of experience. Depending on the product, Ducktrap will use a wet or dry brine and either a hot or cold smoke. The majority of Ducktrap salmon is sourced from their own farms in Scotland, Norway and Chile, giving Ducktrap full control of the process from egg to plate.
The Kendall Brook line is always made from fresh salmon. This product is fully trimmed by hand (all fat is removed).
Ducktrap has created this lightly trimmed salmon as an alternative to Kendall Brook for an exceptional value.
A hot-smoke roasting process is used to seal in the rich, natural flavor and buttery texture of the fish.
The fillets are gently smoked to retain their natural moisture and texture.
healthy Omega 3 fatty acids.
Plump and succulent mussels are blanched in the shell to lock in their tangy flavor and then hand-shucked and hot-smoked.
Sweet and savory cold-water shrimp are cooked immediately after harvesting, followed by lightly smoking over Maine fruitwoods and hardwoods.
Delicate bay scallops are quickly blanched for firmness and then lightly smoked with Maine fruitwoods and hardwoods.
These smooth and creamy creations can be piped from a pastry bag onto vegetables or crackers to add an elegant touch to dinner parties.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.043556
Retrieved Text: Heather was only 20 weeks into her pregnancy with twins Kendall and Carson when she went into labor and thought she would lose her babies. But thanks to the specialized team at Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women & Babies, doctors were able to delay delivery and keep the twins in utero for an additional 47 days, eventually delivering at 26 weeks.
Kendall and Carson were immediately placed on life support in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) at Winnie Palmer Hospital, which was just the beginning of their journey. Both twins had an intraventricular brain hemorrhage and were diagnosed with chronic lung disease. Carson was also battling hydrocephalus and had to have a shunt placed to drain the fluid which was creating pressure on brain.
Kendall and Carson completed physical and occupational therapies through Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children, and their parents are grateful that their babies born weighing less than two pounds are now great older siblings to their younger brother Cooper!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.97998
Retrieved Text: The election of self-licensed adviser Neil Kendall has sparked speculation that the FPA may take firmer stands on “product-centric advice" and vertical integration.
>Yesterday the FPA announced that Tupicoffs managing director Neil Kendall will be taking on the role of chair from late November – just months after taking steps to make his practice compliant with the Corporations Act definition of an “independent” financial service provider.
“Being independent means we have no ownership links or affiliations with product manufacturers - we believe this is the future for financial planning in Australia,” Mr Kendall said at that time.
Mr Kendall is also an active member of the Boutique Financial Planners (BFP) lobby group – as are incoming board members Marisa Broome and Delma Newton – which has been a longstanding advocate of greater AFSL ownership transparency and a critic of vertical integration.
Reflecting on the appointment of Mr Kendall, veteran adviser Tony Bates of Sydney boutique Bluepoint Consulting said it bodes well for the association’s policy agenda.
“The appointment of IFA Neil Kendall as chair and other IFAs to the [FPA] board is at long last a huge leap in the right direction,” Mr Bates told ifa.
“Neil is one of us; he trod the same path as me and others from product-centric advice to client-centric advice.
Mr Bates – who has re-joined the FPA after letting his membership and CFP accreditation lapse more than a decade ago – hopes that the election will help other “disenfranchised IFAs” reconsider joining the association and fighting for a return to “Gwen Fletcher’s consumer-focused organisation”.
However, AIOFP executive

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.901394
Retrieved Text: The people of the Arabian Peninsula have been consuming the camel urine for a long time.
By following his advice, they recovered themselves, but they killed the shepherds, returned to their faith, and seized the camels of the Messenger of Allah. Immediately informed, the Prophet sent in their footsteps men who rejoined them and brought them back. He then ordered them to cut off their hands and feet, to put out their eyes with a red-hot iron, and to leave them at “Al-Harra” where they perished (as talion, for these bandits had killed the shepherds in the same cruel way).
Since the 7th century, the Yemenites have followed this advice. Statistics about the use of camel urine are scarce, but if you spend time in Yemen you will find people, especially in the countryside, who drink urine as a cure for almost anything unpleasant. Some use it as a remedy for hair loss.
A friend who lived in Yemen told me that, according to the local breeders with whom he spoke, the urine of virgin camels is very expensive and highly sought after for its delicate taste and its curative powers, and can cost up to The equivalent of £20 for a single litre!
Researchers in Muslim countries take the advice of their prophet seriously and have recently tried to lend a scientific basis to the claims that drinking urine cures diseases. In February 2013, a team from King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, claimed that they had extracted a substance called PMF701 from camel urine that could be

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.677116
Retrieved Text: CHENNAI: Rajam Sivaraman had been was experiencing severe abdominal pain for the past few months, but nothing prepared her for what the doctors found in her stomach.
A battery of tests showed the 50-year-old had a 10kg tumour in her abdomen, the size of a football. Doctors from SIMS Hospital in Vadapalani removed the mass in a challenging procedure performed earlier this week, and gave the woman a new lease of life.
Speaking on the surgery Dr S Rajasundaram, director and senior consultant - surgical oncology, said, "The tumour secreted a lot of jelly-like material which had engulfed the entire abdomen and caused significant breathlessness to the patient. After careful evaluation, we decided to perform a procedure called cytoreductive surgery with chemotherapy."
The procedure, performed over 10 hours, consisted of meticulously removing diseased portions in the abdominal cavity followed by circulating heated chemotherapeutic agents during surgery.
"This would ensure that drugs have maximum effect to control the tumour cells. The procedure results in prolonged survival of abdominal cancer patients," he said, adding that Rajam had recovered well and could go home soon.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.652475
Retrieved Text: Best Ear, Nose & Throat Doctors in Miami Lakes, FL with Verified Reviews – Book Online!
Need to make an ear, nose & throat doctor appointment this week? Use Zocdoc to find ear, nose & throat doctors in Miami Lakes who take your insurance. It’s simple, secure and free.
it was effective...and quick - once I got in to see him.
The doctor was very knowledgable, and informative, took steps to find the root cause of all my symptoms. The wait time was a bit long, but also the office was busy, as a lot of people are happy with this office.
Very professional. Would recommend this doctors office to anyone.
I made the appointment using ZOCDOC which I find very convenient specially that is so hard to get to people over the phone. But I did had the following issue: I made the appointment for the Kendall office and the systems was showing the address for the Kendall office but the appointment was for the Homestead office. Thank God I called the day before the appointment and this is how I found out that the appointment was in Homestead!!!!
Dr. Parekh has seen both of my children for reoccurring ear infections. Aside from his expertise in the otolaryngology field, his professional manner and patience (especially with little ones) is second to none. Dr. Parekh is thorough and straight to the point.
Dr. Brown es un médico que tiene un conocimiento vasto de su especialidad. Tiene un trato muy cordial hacia el paciente. Sus tratamientos son sumamente efectivos.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.421001
Retrieved Text: The Forcible Entry and Detainer Attorneys in Joliet and Kendall County focus on the landlord and tenant eviction process. Our Kendall County Forcible Entry and Detainer Action Attorneys understand the Forcible Entry and Detainer, which governs landlord and tenant rights and responsibilities. As experienced Joliet and Kendall County Eviction Attorneys, our lawyers know how to advocate for our landlord and tenant clients.
Hire our experienced Kendall County and Joliet rental property eviction attorneys. We help landlords and tenants with the eviction process in Yorkville and Kendall County. As seasoned litigators, we understand how to swiftly and quickly remove problem tenants. Whether you are facing non-payment of rent or slow payment of rent issues, our Kendall County attorneys can assist you.
Sean Robertson is an experienced Joliet Rental Property Eviction Attorney. Sean Robertson counsels and advises rental property owners and landlords on the Forcible Entry and Detainer Act. This Act governs the landlord and tenant eviction process in Joliet and Kendall County.
Our Eviction Attorneys can be reached now at 630-882-9117 or via email at Sean@RobertsonLegalGroupLLC.com.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.409151
Retrieved Text: We are a family-owned business delivering honest and professional automotive repair and auto maintenance services to the people of Kendall Park and surrounding areas. The quality ASE (Automotive Service Excellence) certified technicians at Kendall Park Exxon employ today’s latest automotive technology and are equipped to handle all major and minor repairs on foreign and domestic vehicles.
Kendall Park Exxon has been providing quality car care in Kendall Park for years. Our shop’s dedicated technicians use the latest technology.
Our auto repair shops is conveniently located in Kendall Park. Our certified mechanics are equipped to handle all repairs.
If your vehicle needs air conditioning repair, bring it to Kendall Park Exxon, where we will fix it quickly.
The team at Kendall Park Exxon is not only knowledgeable--they are friendly as well. If you have a question about a service we perform on your vehicle or want advice on how to better take care of it, we will help you.
Kendall Park Exxon has the best team in town. The team is also aided in their repair work by the latest technology in the automotive repair business. You can be assured we only use the best equipment in our work.
I've been having my car serviced at Kendall Park Exxon for several years now. Kal is one of the most honest mechanics I have ever met. And this is matched by his ability to get the job done - all without overcharging.
My wife took her Honda Odyssey for a tune up and oil change and she was very happy with the results. The prices

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.308998
Retrieved Text: Kyle Konin came up big, stopping 23 of 27 shots throughout the game. The Point Mallard Ducks took the lead late in the third on a goal from Jason Kelly.
During the second period, Klintworth opened the scoring for Atlanta with a goal at 2:09 with a helper from fellow Capitals forward Medure. Sleeper netted a goal at 6:50 with an assist from Steh. Kendall finally put the Ducks on the board with a goal at 11:37.
In the third, Chun deposited a goal at 1:32 with a helper from defenseman Goodman. Kelly scored what turned out to be the game winning goal at 17:18 with assists from his teammates Green and Herbel. Trombly quickly followed with a goal at 17:59 with helpers from Evans and Horton.
This loss brings the Atlanta Capitals’ record to (29-14-2-1).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.069788
Retrieved Text: When a group of medical students – most from UC Irvine – first tried to establish a free healthcare clinic in Santa Ana, they got a hard lesson in the challenges of helping the needy.
After conducting an extensive needs assessment and months of planning, the students were ready to open the clinic’s doors – only to have the site they’d chosen become unavailable at the last minute. Then another site fell through, but still they persevered, eventually opening the UC Irvine Outreach Clinic in November 2008.
The students – tomorrow’s doctors, nurses and healthcare professionals – spend Saturday mornings at the clinic treating people with very low incomes who don’t qualify for government programs. The facility offers primary care, preventive medicine, laboratory testing, medication and referral services. It’s located at the Hurtt Family Health Clinic, part of the Orange County Rescue Mission’s Village of Hope at the former Marine Corps Air Station in Tustin.
Because of their commitment, Reddy and 12 other students who established the clinic received the 2009 Living Our Values student team award.
“It’s the respect for all human beings and empathy for those less fortunate than themselves that are the fundamental values and driving force behind the students involved in this project,” Dow wrote in her nomination letter.
The students receive thorough training in clinic management and serve under the direction of UCI faculty physicians, led by Dow and Dr. Alberto Manetta, director of the UCI School of Medicine’s Office of Diversity & Community Engagement.
“By learning the importance of collaborating with other health professionals and community

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.958567
Retrieved Text: There are two kinds of lotus varieties; one with pink or white flower (Chinese lotus), Nelumbo nuceifera, which is found in Asia and northern Australia; another kind with yellow flowers (American lotus), N. pentapatala, found in the Americas.
The existence of lotus root in China can be traced back 7,000 years, according to Auburn University’s LOTUS project, and Dr. Hongwen Huang, Director of the Wuhan Botanical Institute. Although it grew along the Yangtze and Yellow Rivers before that time, scientists are still divided as to the origins of the humble root; some claim India and others China.
In addition to the “common” lotus root (京塘莲藕京塘莲藕) just discussed, one other variety also exists; the Jingtang lotus root, said to likely originate in Jintang, Guangzhou. However, for the most part of your culinary adventure in China, the former will be that you consume.
Chinese and Indian people have a strong symbolic connection with both the flower and the root, and as an aquatic plant, needing sunlight and water to grow. Flowers are grown and harvested in Wuhan, Hangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing and Suzhou.
Along with its tantalising crispy, tangy taste and the many health benefits associated with the plant, not to mention that which it symbolises, together pretty much make it the top super food out there! The many benefits of lotus root include improving blood circulation, reducing stress, regulating blood pressure and improving digestion. It is also rich in vitamins A and C, improves heart health and helps manage weight.
Lotus root functions in very much the same way a potato does; however,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.893446
Retrieved Text: High School Diploma, some college at Collin County Community College.
Very versatile, willing to do anything within reason for my employer.
Payment to Kendall Jurica is made through Voices.com SurePay®, our escrow service that guarantees your project is completed to your satisfaction. Pay securely by Visa, Mastercard or PayPal through Voices.com and when your work is done, simply download the final files, and release funds to Kendall Jurica.
To invite Kendall Jurica to audition for your project, simply invite them to a job. Share your project details to quickly and easily receive a quote.
Working with Kendall Jurica is fast and easy. We'll walk you through the process step-by-step.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.859926
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Steroid Underground' started by Kendall Kay, Oct 11, 2018.
New and looking for advice on how to get toned up and shredded. I need to get back into great shape like I used to be! Any and all advice would be amazing!
Well you’ve done it once you can do it again right?
There’s a nutrition forum for questions regarding diet, training forum, and womens forum with some great members. Posting in the appropriate forums will get you better advice. Good luck on the journey.
NandroXL, MisterSuperGod, Tizzousa and 1 other person like this.
HIGHRISK and LA_1988 like this.
NorthMich, picholas and Kendall Kay like this.
T-Bagger, Tizzousa, LA_1988 and 1 other person like this.
Did you just assume his/her/it's gender?!?!?
BigBaldBeardGuy and JackSmooth like this.
Your damn right I did.
picholas and Kendall Kay like this.
Yes I can just not as young as I was. Thank you for the info!
GH takes forever, and is Very Expensive. I would stick to the Var, make sure Diet is set according to your Goals, and Lift more. A lot of ppl think doing Cardio is Best. I disagree, I think lifting more will get you where you need to be. Your still burning calories, and building Lean Muscle as well. Goodluck, definetely don’t go throwing a Bunch of AAS to tone up. Keep it simple, and work for what you want.
MisterSuperGod and Xragexx like this.
T-Bagger and Cornfed like this.
Uttukuxul and Gaynz39 like this.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.826828
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for a company that can provide pressure cleaning services in the South Kendall area? Don't worry! Kendall residents. Thanks to our trained technicians, we can easily and quickly restore the beauty to your property's exterior. Our Kendall pressure cleaning experts are trained to carefully clean any surface you may need, from flooring to masonry. With over 20 years of experience, we are South Florida's number 1 choice for Kendall pressure cleaning services.
Greenleaf Landscape & Design's highly skilled technicians cater to every customer's needs. We offer the best Kendall pressure cleaning services, whether it's for a residential or a commercial property. Our technicians provide an effective & quick way to clean driveways, patios, siding, playgrounds, decks, and other outdoor areas on your property. Our Kendall pressure cleaning services will not only help preserve the look of fences, decorative stones, and floors, but will also remove perilous mold & algae.
Greenleaf Landscape & Design has been providing Kendall pressure cleaning services for over twenty years, making us your preferred choice in the South-Kendall area. If your driveways, patios, siding, playgrounds, decks, and other outdoor areas on your property need cleaning, our trained technicians can reinvigorate the appearance of your home or corporate building. At Greenleaf Landscape & Design, we take pride in our unparalleled Kendall pressure cleaning services.
If your home or business needs reliable Kendall pressure cleaning services, trust the experts at Greenleaf Landscape & Design to get the job done! You can reach us at (786) 308-8156, or fill out the form displayed in our

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.789576
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Health / Diabetes / Have you noticed a common theme?
In many of my recent articles, I have been telling you about a lot of stupid things I have done over the years in regards to my health.
Today will be the last of the stupid things unless I remember something else later down the road.
Most all of my “stupid things” have followed a common theme, they are all about following medical advice that has been prevalent during my lifetime. This advice has also been widely accepted.
Following the advice of medical professionals. It’s really hard to say this because doctors and other medical professionals are people that we trust with our health. However, what I have learned in recent years is that much of what these doctors tell us is simply incorrect.
I have heard a lot of people say that doctors intentionally mislead us because they will make more money that way. For me, I don’t believe that. I think the doctors have good intentions, they are simply following the advice that they have been taught, and read in medical journals and other such publications. Perhaps there are some people with poor intentions who do things like this intentionally, but I would believe that such people are very few and far between.
Either way, though, this poor advice has heard and even killed many people. Diabetes, heart disease, and obesity are all killers. The medical advice over the last 50 to 70 years, though, has not only not helped, it has actually hurt millions

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.77062
Retrieved Text: Zach, Erica and Ryan agree on one thing - Greenlee stole Spike! Jack isn't so sure. Kendall learns the truth about Spike.
Jack and Erica are kissing all the way through the airport, both in their own world. She tells Jack she likes their illicit affair and isn't looking forward to getting back together for real. Pam walks in with Josh. He tells them about Kendall's labor and missing Spike, shocking Jack and Erica.
Joe introduces Zach to the specialist they've brought in to treat Kendall. They begin talking about different medical approaches but all Zach can think about is Kendall, who is sleeping. Kendall wakes, worried about the baby. Joe reassures her that the baby is fine. They tell her about the specialist which panics Kendall. Zach sits with her, saying the specialist is just a precaution and that the baby is fine. The specialist returns and begins to examine Kendall.
In the lobby, Babe is watching a television report about Kendall and Spike. Di and Annie arrive, worried that Greenlee has finally gone off the deep end. They ask about Kendall. Ryan walks in with Tad and Aidan. Annie runs to him, telling Ryan to be positive. Tad fills Di in on the police search and Aidan reassures Ryan. Zach and Joe come out to tell the gathering about Kendall. Zach asks them all to keep the news about Spike out of Kendall's room. Jonathan walks in, offering to help look for the baby. Aidan asks Annie and Di to come with him to the police station.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.75486
Retrieved Text: Ms Sujatha was referred to Department of OBG August 6, 2018 who was diagnosed with a huge tumour of the uterus. The doctors did not consider removing the uterus, instead decided to remove the tumour itself. Any delay in removing the tumour would have caused excessive bleeding, pain abdomen and could even cause damage to the kidneys due to pressure on the ureters. Also, she would not have been able to conceive.
Dr Muralidhar V Pai and team successfully removed only the fibroid without removing the uterus, tubes or ovaries. The patient has recovered quickly from the surgery and was discharged. She is now doing well at home.
Dr Avinash Shetty, Medical Superintendent Kasturba Hospital, Manipal congratulated the OBG team in performing the surgery with high level of precision.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.708746
Retrieved Text: The Scarlet Knights never did make those few plays.
fourth quarter for a 29-16 victory Saturday.
It’ll help if he can find a quarterback.
Kyle Brindza kicked five field goals for Notre Dame.
Federico made 3 of 3 for the Scarlet Knights.
(38:49) but bogged down in the red zone repeatedly.
career by being named game MVP.
Brindza’s 25-yarder made it 19-13 Notre Dame with 12:46 left.
as crisp and pleasant and as the weather.
interception by Kendall Moore at the Rutgers’ 22.
Knights recovered a muffed punt by Jones at the Notre Dame 21.
sweep that gave Notre Dame a 10-3 lead in the first quarter.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.708447
Retrieved Text: We here at Kendall Tire and Auto, located in Montello, WI, have a team of well-trained automotive service technicians that are educated on the latest Cadillac repair and maintenance techniques to guarantee your luxury Cadillac is back on the road quickly. No matter if it is an engine problem, regularly scheduled maintenance or any other issue that may arise, we here at Kendall Tire and Auto are trained to handle and repair any problem your Cadillac may face.
Cadillacthe Standard of the Worldis an American luxury automaker that delivers the ultimate in American luxury and performance. Formed from the remnants of the Henry Ford Company, one of Henry Ford's attempts to start a car company before he founded Ford Motor Company, Cadillac went on to become the standard of American luxury cars. Kendall Tire and Auto in Montello, WI is happy to provide the maintenance and repair services necessary to keep your Cadillac at the pinnacle of automotive performance.
Cadillac, the luxury offering from General Motors, is a reliable car to purchase, but may face some engine problems in its later years. Engine problems that may creep up include problems with the starter and possible oil leaks. But those are problems that shouldn't worry you when you bring your car to Kendall Tire and Auto.
Kendall Tire and Auto is located at Montello, WI, 53949 and our service center welcomes drop-ins. Our staff will answer any questions or concerns you have about your Cadillac and will then quickly and effectively repair your luxury American car and get you back

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.65138
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and 76ers basketball player Ben Simmons may only be a rumored couple but already, the pair has mastered the art of coordinated dressing. They were seen on May 31 heading into Beverly Hills’ Waldorf Astoria hotel wearing matching head-to-toe black looks.
Kendall was wearing a black sweater from Raf Simons that she wore with a pair of black skinny pants and '90s-style Dr. Martens boots. It was the perfect look for a casual night out with a friend or, well, a date. If you're in the market for a splurge-worthy black V-neck, you can shop Kendall's exact look here.
Also in head-to-toe black, Ben was sporting a short-sleeved T-shirt, black jeans and sneakers, and a black baseball cap. He followed a few feet behind Kendall as they emerged from their car in an attempt to enter the hotel. That said, when are the Jenners ever able to enter anywhere quietly?
Rumors about Kendall and Ben began earlier this week after Page Six reported that the duo had been seen together on multiple occasions in Los Angeles.
Regardless, whether they're preparing to go Instagram official in the coming days or simply keeping their relationship plutonic, one thing is for sure: their twinning is on-point.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.621113
Retrieved Text: Kendall has quickly risen to fame on the back of the Kardashian’s, but she has her very own unique, distinctive style. We’re in awe of her youth, her wardrobe and her killer body!
Our favourite Kendall looks involve simple, easy to wear, textured pieces; from leather to lace.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.551712
Retrieved Text: A 12-year-old girl who survived history's worst single plane crash left a hospital in southern Japan Friday more than 100 days after her parents and sister were killed in the disaster.
Keiko Kawakami became the last of four survivors of the Aug. 12 Japan Air Lines jumbo jet crash to be released from the hospital.
Keiko received a bouquet of flowers from nurses before she was escorted out of the Matsue Red Cross Hospital in Shimane prefecture. She was to join her 14-year-old brother and 71-year-old grandmother in their home near Matsue.
Doctors said Keiko had recovered quickly and she would be able to live a normal life.
Keiko, whose parents and younger sister were among the 520 people killed in crash, also pleaded to reporters to leave her alone.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.518864
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for Medical Assistant Schools in Kendall, Maryland? Simply enter your zip code to see what schools are available near you. You can select free information from multiple schools, so you can compare later on to decide which ones are right for you.
A pediatric medical assistant helps pediatricians by performing administrative and basic medical duties. They work in doctors. offices, medical clinics and hospitals that specialize in the treatment of children from newborns to young adults. The size of the practice generally dictates the type of duties an assistant will be required to carry out. Smaller settings usually require the assistant to perform a range of front and back office duties whereas larger practices hire many different employers so that a job tends to focus on either the administrative or clinical aspect of medical assisting near Kendall, MD. Duties also depend of the person.s level of qualification and experience, as well as the laws of the state.
In a minor medical role, a pediatric assistant in Kendall, MD communicates with young patients and their parents by relaying information from the doctor about, for example, diet and medication. They also explain procedures to children in a way that they understand what is happening. Before a patient sees the pediatrician, the assistant will take readings such as height, weight and temperature. It is usually their responsibility to prepare patients for examination and assist the doctor throughout, often in the role of holding, comforting or distracting the child. It is also their duty to ensure that exam rooms

================



