======= Instance Index 352 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are hotter or colder ):

Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter.


Would a small star be hotter or colder?

Target Text: colder

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.374971
Retrieved Text: I have noticed that there has been talk of maybe a new Star Trek series in the works. Whether this is true or not, is anyone’s guess. But in this week’s Poll of the Week, let’s think hypothetically there will be one.
Should there be a new series? And where would you like the new Star Trek series to be set? Would it be based on the universe portrayed in the new movies? Or would you prefer it being based in the prime universe post Dominion War? Would you rather see the new series explore more of the past in a Romulan-Federation War setting? Or how about a Star Trek series set in the far future? Or maybe you have a different setting you would prefer?
So head on to the polls and vote away and let us know at Poll of the Week what would be your dream scenario for the setting of a new Star Trek series, should one ever be broadcast over the small-screen airways ever again.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.357148
Retrieved Text: Check out the gameplay video from cancelled Star Wars: First Assault which was intended to be a competitor in the shooter market and would have focused on 8v8 battles in relatively small maps. The game would have showcased a variety of different weapons and would have been something that we had never really seen in the world of Star Wars gaming before. Though, the newer Star Wars Battlefront does have a very first-person shooter vibe to it, even if it doesn't exactly mirror what First Assault was going to be. What is also really interesting about Star Wars: First Assault is that the game was actually intended to be a prologue and lead up to Star Wars: Battlefront 3, which was finally going to be developed by LucasArts.
On April 28 2017 someone has leaked a Xbox 360 beta copy of the game, so if you have Xbox you can download for yourself online.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.204138
Retrieved Text: Since 1989 the most deaths and acute injuries from car accident occurred in Australia globally in which 88 percent are the male ones, however the percentage of the car accident are dropping due to strict laws and rules but still the numbers are significant, According to the department of infrastructure and development in Australia 17 percent increased in 2018 from same period of prior year in road accidents.
A minor mistake while driving could turn into a disaster if the car doesn’t have any safety features these can play a significant role to protect and save a life.
Therefore ANCAP was formed in 1992 to test all vehicles based on certified procedure and analyses about the extent of a vehicle ability to protect a passenger or driver in case of Collison, and gives rating based on all assessment to the tested vehicle.
In modern days people are too conscious about cars, they only choose those cars which has a 5 star rating.
List of a 5 star safest small car in Australia 2018 taken from ANCAP and EURONCAP.
All left side driven small cars safety rating from EURONCAP would be valid in Australia and New Zealand.
From 1st January 2018 evaluation will be based on 4 key areas, it covers international safety and crash test, in which physical test, on board safety evaluation and the recently inducted test would be based on technologies used for safety such as Collison control, Lane departure and etc.
A little detail of what would be the procedure and what test they do before giving a rating, 6

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.186872
Retrieved Text: Free UK Delivery. We Ship Internationally.
Decorate your own Christmas tree wall sticker to create a fun festive decoration. Our Christmas tree wall sticker comes as a plain Nordic tree wall sticker with a set of star and baubles wall stickers to decorate your tree with.
The little Christmas tree wall sticker is perfect when you've got no room for a real tree or would like to add some instant festive cheer to a small room or small space. It would make a fun secret santa gift and would make a great Christmas decoration to go on a wall above your desk, table or sideboard.
The Christmas tree wall sticker is easy to apply - just peel and stick. It can be removed without leaving any sticky marks and can be repositioned many times (save the backing sheet to reuse it again next year!). It can be used to decorate walls or furniture.
To use, apply the tree to the wall (just peel and stick), then decorate with the baubles and star.
The Christmas tree wall sticker is available in two sizes: small and medium.
It comes packaged in a cellophane envelope and is shipped in a colourful board envelope (UK large letter size). It's the perfect size to post to a friend.
The medium Xmas tree with star applied measures H40 x W29cm (approx A3). It comes rolled in colourful tissue and shipped in a postal tube.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.951387
Retrieved Text: Michael Dorn‘s ‘Captain Worf‘ (also known as ‘The Worf Chronicles’) may not be in the series that was greenlit to continue the small screen ‘Star Trek’ universe, but he still thinks the show could take off. As the actor has been in the ‘Star Trek’ films, ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ and ‘Star Trek: Deep Space Nine’ he has to most on screen time of any of TNG’s actors. Many fans have been behind his vision for going forward with a series in the old timeline and while the series, seems dead he claims that his idea isn’t.
Only, it wouldn’t quite be what we were expecting.
Now I am all for more science fiction on the small screen and would even enjoy seeing Dorn return to the genre but I just hope that their idea is open ended enough to work without the built in history that he would have from ‘Star Trek’. Much of what has been discussed to date revolves heavily around fans knowing their way around the Federation and the experiences that Worf has had to date.
I’m not going to lie. The idea actually has merit. If they can get a proper writing staff and bring back some of the science fiction actors we’ve all loved this could be something good. Honestly, I’m more excited about new aliens than bringing back the one dimensional joke of a race that Klingons ended up becoming in ‘Deep Space Nine’. I’m not exactly holding my breath on this one with all of the setbacks he’s had, but

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.936967
Retrieved Text: Over the past three decades, Star Micronics America has established itself as a leading supplier of small printers, audio components, high-precision machine tools, and precision parts to the American market and established itself as one of the most innovative companies in its target industries.
“Star Micronics America was established in 1976 to bring the innovation of our parent company to the United States. Over the course of the past 30 years, we have established ourselves as one of the leading Point of Sale (POS) printer companies in America, providing customers with truly innovative products that address the needs of the POS market. Also, we have enjoyed strong growth by developing superior audio components for the automotive, communications, and medical markets,” said Takayuki “Blues” Aoki, president of Star Micronics America.
Star Micronics America has grown from a single office in New York, NY to a national company with regional offices throughout the United States supporting its North American headquarters in Somerset, NJ. The key to its growth is remaining committed to its core values – providing exceptional customer service that complements a full-line of high quality innovative printers for the POS market as well as audio components.
Over the past three decades, business has changed and Star Micronics America has maintained pace and leadership through innovation. The printer business has seen strong growth, due to product innovation. Star Micronics introduced the first thermal printer – the TSP300 – in 1992, and followed that up two years later with the TSP400, the industry’s first label printer. In the past two years,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.889575
Retrieved Text: Jupiter, an orange, at a distance of a fifth of a mile; Saturn, a small orange, at two fifths of a mile; and Uranus and Neptune, good-sized plums, three quarters of a mile and a mile and a quarter away, respectively. On this same scale the nearest star would lie eight thousand miles off, and an average third-magnitude star at about the present distance of our Moon; that is, on a scale upon which the Moon should be but seven inches off, the average star would still be as far from us as the Moon is now. Now when we think that each of these stars is probably the centre of a solar system grander than our own, we cannot seriously take ourselves to be the only minds in it all.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.780183
Retrieved Text: Custom Cabinets: Custom cabinets allow homeowners to fully customize the size, shape, design, hardware, and any special features that you would like your cabinets to obtain. These cabinets can be designed to fit into any kitchen, regardless of the shape or size. This makes them an ideal choice pertaining to rooms that have an irregular shape, unusual storage needs, or specific design requirements. Just about all cabinetry professionals use good quality materials and construct their very own cabinets with the utmost care and attention and concern. Better materials and craftsmanship means that the cabinets will add value to your home and will withstand many years of use. Because custom cabinets are made from scratch, you will need to enable plenty of time for them to be produced and installed. Homeowners who would like their cabinets replaced quickly should make a different choice. Also, these cabinets are usually more expensive than other options. The quality and customization of this cabinetry can make them much more expensive than other stock or semi-custom cabinets.
Veterinariancolleges - Jupiter innerspring plush top mattress. Jupiter innerspring plush top mattress with high tensile innerspring, quality foam and knitted fabric. New american star queen size jupiter mattress box spring. New american star queen size jupiter mattress box spring set retail $ 10 year manufacturer warranty lot # 10. New american star queen size jupiter mattress box spring. New american star queen size jupiter mattress box spring set retail $ 10 year manufacturer warranty brand new coleman mini bikes! 200cc and 100cc new mattresses commercial heater

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.761971
Retrieved Text: The star 2MASS J18082002-5104378 B is part of a binary system together with a companion that’s also of the type called Ultra Metal-poor (UMP) and for this reason the object of a research described in another article published in “The Astrophysical Journal” in January 2016. The interest in what looked like a galactic fossil dating back to the time when the Milky Way formed led to further studies and the star’s wobbling made it possible to discover that actually it was a binary system in which there was a second star with a very small mass and very dim that initially hadn’t been sighted.
The analyzes that provide data on the composition of a star and the parameter called in jargon metallicity are important to understand what generation it belongs to. Some time later the Big Bang hydrogen atoms started forming together with a much lower amount of helium and a small amount of lithium. The first stars were typically massive and after a few million years came the first supernovae that spread around heavier elements in a cycle that still continues.
Because of the hydrogen concentration that existed when the universe was very young, scientists thought that at the time only massive stars could form. If this were the case, those stars would be impossible to study because they consume their hydrogen at very high rates so none of them close enough to be observed individually would still exist. Studies carried out in the last twenty years have, however, started providing clues to the possibility that even

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.680125
Retrieved Text: Pokemon Promo Pikachu Black Star Promo.
This card is a (Lv 16) Pikachu (non-foil) card with a small (non-foil) "Promo" (star symbol with the word "Promo") stamp below the artwork AND a small number "1" in the lower right corner, where the rarity symbol normally would be (U.S. version only), and is sometimes referred to as the "Ivy Forest" card. This card was initially released in Japan as one of two promotional insert cards in "Hyper Coro Coro" magazine's May (Spring) Issue. (They are printed in English, but are recognizable by the lack of the "1" card number in the lower right corner.) Don't be late for one of the biggest hits!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.677497
Retrieved Text: What if Jupiter gained just a little bit more mass during its formation period, and then ignited to become a star?
How different would our Solar System have turned out? Would having another star in the middle of the Solar System mess with the orbits of the planets?
How much heat would it send towards Earth? Would we see it from here?
Jupiter has more than twice the mass of all the planets in the Solar System combined. It doesn’t have a solid ground and is made up of the same elements as the Sun. And yet, it’s not a star.
Jupiter doesn’t have enough mass to initiate a fusion reaction in its core – the necessary requirement to be accepted into the star club. Even if all the planets in the Solar System collided with the gas giant, Jupiter would still lack in mass to push it to stellar status.
If only we could find 79 more Jupiters and crash them all into the one we have now, we’d be able to build a second star in the Solar System. What would that be like?
80 Jupiters crushed together would make a star out of the gas giant. But that star would be nothing like the Sun.
Even though Jupiter the star would be a lot more massive than Jupiter the gas giant, it would only be about 20% bigger in diameter. The extra mass would just make it a lot denser.
Jupiter would be massive enough to become a red dwarf – a small, cool, hydrogen-burning star. As every red dwarf out

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.676786
Retrieved Text: Winter Star Small Star Candle is rated 5.0 out of 5 by 5.
Our pottery is not oven safe unless marked as cookware. For more information visit our FAQs page.
Rated 5 out of 5 by lall from I love this candle shape! I have a few of these and love their size as they can be popped on a dresser shelf or a few grouped on a table. When the candle is finished it's the ideal size for a tea light, which I can then safely leave on a shelf.
Rated 5 out of 5 by NatNat77 from Lovely Scented Star Candle I had to light this candle as soon as it arrived as the EB fragrances are a delight... it completely fills a rooms with a wonderful glow and essence! In the sale, such a bargain treat!
Rated 5 out of 5 by jack2999 from FABULOUS GIFTS FOR ALL as with all Emma Bridgewater items this winter star small candle makes an excellent gift for all ocassions - especially secret Santas.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Ali45 from Star candle Just perfect, lovely as as always from Emma Bridgewater. Would highly recommend.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.676733
Retrieved Text: The update for the Star Wars Pack is done! Just in time for May 4th! Be sure to check out the Original Star Wars Pack.
Last year Royal Baloo and I did a joint project and put our Star Wars packs out. This year we are doing the same thing again! We have both done small updates for the packs. My update has mainly older work in it. You will find some math, coins and language activities. Looking for the Prek-K activities look at the original pack.
These Star Wars printables are to be used with children from 2 to 8. This pack was made to go with the following books: Star Wars ABC and Star Wars: 1, 2, 3 .
I thought I would show some big pictures of a few of my favorite pages from the update.
I love this character writing. It gives them two things the person can do and two things they are.
I also like the money tallying. This is something you can put in a sheet protector and do several times.
I love these small books. They make for great beginner reader books. There are two options one with solid text and one with trace the words.
Check here to download the Star Wars Pack Update!
This entry was posted in printable pack and tagged free, printables, star wars. Bookmark the permalink.
Thanks so much! My oldest girl loves star wars!
This is really cute! I found you on Manic Monday.
This looks like loads of fun! I know my twin boys (and even my daughter) will enjoy working with

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.657754
Retrieved Text: Michael Dorn recently had a chance to sit down and talk a bit about the ‘Star Trek: Captain Worf‘ series that was proposed to CBS and has let us know that the project isn’t quite dead in the water. We first heard about the project back in 2012 and since it is still trying to push forward that is a good sign. While ‘Star Trek’ may have rebooted Trek’s Cinematic Universe it seems that there still might be room on television for a series that takes place in the now abandoned universe that ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation‘ and ‘Star Trek: Deep Space Nine‘ took place in. While the series has not been greenlit it seems that the show is still on the table and Dorn has plenty of details to share with us today. That being said even as recent as two months ago rumors of a new Trek series were brought up and shot down.
As CBS still owns the rights to the televised universe and if the show was to air Dorn has revealed that the events would take place after Deep Space Nine’ though before ‘Star Trek: Nemesis’ (and therefor before the rebooted universe in ‘Star Trek’) This opens plenty of opportunities for returning cast members of that time period to make guest appearances.
We knew after the events of Deep Space Nine that Worf’s heart ached for the loss of his wife but it seems that a new Klingon love interest might be making an appearance. Only, she won’t have direct allegiance to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.647454
Retrieved Text: Starter pack - Enough pieces to get you going - the templates in this pack are enough for 4 x rosettes. ( one large rosette and three small) Perfect if you are not quite ready to commit to the full quilt but would like to give it a try.
Hi, I have the la passaglia templates 1 and a quarter size templates 5 pointed star, 10 pointed star , isosceles triangle and pentagon and a little 3 quarter size pentagon. I was wondering if the booster pack to make la tarantella would be compatable?? Tia Cheers, Jan.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.6163435
Retrieved Text: Several new observations are indicating that primordial black holes, which are often viewed as speculative or hypothetical objects, may be responsible for more than a couple of unexplained and mysterious cosmic phenomena. Observations of deep space quasars – extremely luminous objects with highly active supermassive black holes at their centers – show that within less than a 100,000 years these black holes had already reached masses of a billion suns. This is much too quick for them to have formed from the conventional erroneous view of “gobbling up” material that falls into their inescapable horizon. Additionally, the latest detection of gravitational waves demonstrates black holes with median mass ranges that were not expected to result from stellar collapse. As evidenced in the observation of a "massive fail", which shows that the standard understanding of supernovae and black hole formation may not yet be completely understood.
These and other observations begin to piece together a pattern that black holes, specifically primordial black holes, may be responsible for the formation of various cosmological structures and high-energy phenomena, from quasars to galaxies and potentially the source of so-called dark matter. Although it is well understood that following the Big Bang the density of the universe was sufficient to produce a wide range of primordial black holes -- just think of all that energy confined to an extremely small volume, this possibility has been largely ignored.
The conventional model of stellar thermonuclear synthesis, which is not at all fully delineated at this point and may be further revolutionized by the understanding of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.613513
Retrieved Text: Looking for some advice/assistance. I will be setting a Star for .38 Special reloading and am getting ready to buy some small pistol primers. I have some Remington small pistol primers. I have another Star set up for .45 Auto Rim/.45 ACP and have been using Federal Large Pistol primers.
I was thinking of buying Sellier & Bellot (sp?). Anyone have experience using these? Any recommendations for other primers or preferred brand(s) for the Star.
From what I have seen of the S&B quality in loaded ammo and brass, I would stick with primers made in the USA.
I use Federal, W-W, and Remington. Sometimes CCI.
I've used S&B primers for a couple of years now, when I can't find Winchesters. They all have gone bang. I've also used Tula primers, but their specs are a little off and I have had them jam the machine.
Good to hear you use Remington , as I quit using them a long time ago . Too much problems with out of round issue. One or two hang ups in the primer tube per 100 . This created a mess in my Star . Also found one without an anvil and one with two anvils . These were not in the same 1000. All large primers .
This post is a little late on your thread however, I have good luck with Winchester, Remington and Federal primers in my Star presses. The one brand that will not function properly, for me, is CCI. For some reason they won't load properly and jam my machine up

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.593742
Retrieved Text: The Star Entertainment Group has unveiled plans for an open-air concert venue across the road from its hotel and casino at Broadbeach on the Gold Coast.
If approved, the venue would be able to host events from full-scale concerts and family-friendly such as community carols.
The new venue was conceived by Star Entertainment Group Chief Executive Matt Bekier who explained “we have spoken to a lot of people well-connected to the music industry (and) an outdoor venue that can stage concerts of small and large scale would drive great cut-through and further enhance the Gold Coast as a music destination.
The venue concept comes two months after the entertainment group was granted approval for its $2 billion plus masterplan which includes a $850 million redevelopment of The Star Gold Coast and development of the new Dorsett hotel tower.
Star hopes to start construction on the outdoor venue in March, with the first acts scheduled later this year, subject to obtaining the necessary consents.
Images show concepts for the new venue. Courtesy of the Star Entertainment Group.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.589535
Retrieved Text: As has been pointed out by a few people ;) Carl has finally been released. Obviously it's still very early days, but not too early to start gathering feedback and brewing some discussion! We want to hear what you guys think about him. Are there any modes he excels in? Is he underpowered, overpowered, just right?
I’ve been of the sentiment that his Star Power is lazy and probably the least interesting Star Power in the game since it was revealed. From reading this thread, it seems a lot of people agree with me. I feel that his Star Power should just be part of his normal kit and then they can give him a more creative Star Power. I think this would be justified especially considering the fact that many people feel that he is weak without his Star Power.
I’d say a good star power would be this: Oiled up wheels: When your pickaxe is in midair, you move faster. This results in better movement for Carl, let him make his pickaxe go around walls easier and is an overall buff to his attacks and mobility. It might be too similar to Colts, but I think it’s pretty different, or too overpowered so a small health decrease or damage decrease would suffice.
Consecutive Strikes Every time you hit an enemy brawler with your super, its damage goes up by 10% (max 100%) for the rest of the super- stacks.
Really nice idea, but I feel like not very many people are complaining that his super is too weak.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.573009
Retrieved Text: Five Star Rig and Supply, a complete oilfield supply and equipment company was established in 1983. In the beginning Five Star was just a small supply store, but over the years the company has become not only a oilfield supply company, but also a company that manufactures a variety of oilfield equipment, Centrifugal Pumps, Wireline Machines, Bug Blowers, and FC-1000 and Other 1000 HP Mud Pumps. We also have a department to rebuild air hoists, compressors, kelly spinners and pipe spinners.
At Five Star Rig and Supply, it is our Mission to supply and Manufacture products that are dependable, and be competitive in the oilfield industry. We strive to give the best customer service in the industry.
We would like to thank our existing customers for making Five Star what it is today. We would like to invite prospective customers to give us an opportunity to provide you with competitive pricing on your next inquiry.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.57281
Retrieved Text: A team of international astronomers has found the smallest star known in our galaxy.
The star — which only has the scientific designation of EBLM J0555-57Ab — is located about 600 light-years from Earth and can be seen from the Southern Hemisphere — if you look through a large telescope.
"I was a little surprised to find one this small," Amaury Triaud, co-author of the paper published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics on Wednesday, told CBC News.
Astronomers searching for exoplanets, which orbit other stars, came across the star in one of their surveys. This is part of the team that discovered the TRAPPIST-1 system, another small and dim star that has seven planets, three of which hold the best chance for finding life outside our solar system, something that Triaud, who is a senior researcher at the University of Cambridge's Institute of Astronomy, still believes to be true.
The team focuses mainly on exoplanets, using the Wide Angle Search for Planets (WASP) survey, telescopes that look for minute dips in a star's brightness that may indicate a planet is crossing in front of it.
But sometimes stars pass in front of another star as part of a two-star system. Astronomers have catalogued 200 of these binary systems using WASP.
Initially, the astronomers thought that it was an exoplanet. The star is 2,000 to 3,000 times fainter than our own sun. However, upon collecting more data, they realized that the mass indicated it had to be a tiny, dim star.
Astrophysicists believe that starting fusion — where gravity creates high pressure and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.504877
Retrieved Text: “Now after Jesus was born in Bethlehem…wise men from the East came to Jerusalem, saying, ‘Where is He who has been born King of the Jews? For we have seen His star in the East and have come to worship Him’” (Matthew 2:1-2).
• A supernova. A supernova—an exploding star—would shine very brightly in the sky for several months. But Herod didn’t notice the star (Matthew 2:7) and such an event would hardly go unnoticed.
• A comet. Again, others would have noticed a comet especially since they were considered omens of change in the ancient world. Also, a comet (and a supernova for that matter) wouldn’t move and behave in the way the Christmas star did, stopping over the exact house where Christ was (Matthew 2:9, 11).
• A conjunction. A conjunction occurs when a planet passes close by another planet or a star. Several of these occurred around the time of Jesus’ birth and would have been more likely to go unnoticed but to those few who studied the stars. But, of the conjunctions that occurred around the year Christ was born, only one would appear as a single bright object in the night sky, and this conjunction was a one night only event. But the wise men saw the star at least twice (Matthew 2:2, 9).
No natural phenomenon behaves in the way described in Matthew. But the Bible never says this was a natural phenomenon. Indeed, many of the events surrounding Christ’s conception and birth were miraculous (visits from angels, a virgin conceiving, dreams and visions)

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.469461
Retrieved Text: A newly detected planet is tantalizingly close, orbiting the closest single star to our sun.
An international team of astronomers has detected evidence of a cold planet at least three times the size of Earth orbiting an ancient red dwarf star, right in our stellar neighborhood.
If you were traveling at the speed of light, it would take you just six years to reach it. In the context of the universe, that’s basically right next door.
The newly discovered world, described in Nature, is associated with a small, dim star known as Barnard’s star that is older than our solar system. It takes the planet 233 days to complete a single orbit around its cool red sun.
It is now the second-closest known planet to our solar system. The only closer known planet is an Earth-sized body that orbits the small red star Proxima Centauri in the Alpha Centauri triple star system. That planet was discovered in 2016 and lies just four light-years from Earth. The planet around Barnard’s star is probably too cold to host life, researchers said.
Although it is about as close to its own star as Mercury is to the sun, scientists say it is probably as cold as Saturn. That’s because Barnard’s Star emits only 0.4 percent of the sun’s radiant power.
But the new discovery is exciting for other reasons.
The proximity of the newly found planet to Earth makes it an excellent target for future observations. It is so close that the next generation of telescopes may be able to image it directly, the researchers said.
The

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.432972
Retrieved Text: Colin and Ralph McQuarrie collaborated on the design of the Death Star. While Colin was working on the model, McQuarrie was painting his famous illustrations. The Death Star was an ominous sphere the size of a small moon and the headquarters of Darth Vadar. It needed to have the presence and functionality to render it capable of harboring a fleet as well as being able to destroy both large and small planets. While working on the model to create this effect, Colin scribed figures in the surface and glued small plastic items to the surface to depict realistic shadows and detail.
Before computer graphics were viable, the props for Star Wars were developed using models. The styrene globe that Colin had ordered for the Death Star model arrived in 2 halves. Unfortunately, the edges of each half had shrunk slightly so that the two halves had a very tiny dip around the circumference. From his experience, Colin knew that it would take hours of work to connect the two globe halves so perfectly that a line would not show around the middle when the model was lit from the side with studio lights. With this in mind, Colin called George Lucas and asked him what he thought about the idea of creating a trench around the center of the Death Star. Colin sold the idea to Lucas by explaining that the Death Star could have armament projecting from the sides of the trench resulting in spectacular battles with starships flying in and out of the trench. George

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.425618
Retrieved Text: I would like to tell you a story. This story isn’t about my zoo at all. It’s about what is above it; the sky. The sky at night is the most wondrous wilderness. The lights that hang there, which from below look incredibly small; are actually bigger than elephant ears. They are giant golden torches that illuminate the worlds.
There are millions of stars in the sky and I can only see a few of them from my zoo. However I did get to know one of them very well.
Look up into the sky and, if you’re very well behaved, I will introduce you to the Wonky Star.
“What is the Wonky Star?” you ask. Well I may be the only zookeeper in the world who can tell you.
The Wonky Star is a shooting star that at night travels the Universe, looking for friends. The Wonky Star’s points are all different. One point is short and chunky, another long and thin. The Wonky Star finds it hard being different and so it moves from galaxy to galaxy hoping to meet other imperfect stars. For centuries and centuries the Wonky Star looked for other unsymmetrical stars until one night, when he was tired from flying through the sky, he stopped by our moon for a rest.
I often stare in wonder at the majesty of the sky. However it was a coincidence that on the very night the Wonky Star came to rest above our zoo, I looked up and said “my, what a beautiful starry night.” Imagine my surprise

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.423885
Retrieved Text: In this episode we give our advice on how to fix the Star Wars movie franchise.
Matts idea for a new Star Wars movie being about a clone of Darth Vader reminded me of the video game Star Wars: The Force Unleashed 2.
In the game you play as Starkiller (a clone of Darth Vaders secret apprentice of the same name) who was created after the first StarKiller died. Anyway, he was created to help Vader overthrow the emperor and rule the galaxy etc. Except he turns good and stops him in the end. Basically what I’m saying is this franchise has done cloning of Jedi/Sith characters before so it isn’t an entirely new concept .
Also I think a movie about how the Jedi started would be awesome. I imagine it would be about like a small group of force sensitive people who decide to start a small monastary/brotherhood to maintain peace and to persue knowledge of the force. It could delve into and explore some more religious themes and bring back mysticism to the force (never mentioning midichlorians again). And perhaps the government at the time sees it as a threat and tries to squash it out via persecution but it eventually spreads and by the end of the movie (or series of movies) becomes the dominant “religion” of the galaxy and have a presence on all of the planets. It could have a history that parallels the early churches rise and spread. I think if done right it could be a great breath of fresh air.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.404217
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago, Star Trek fans everywhere rejoiced when it was announced that the beloved sci-fi franchise would finally be making its return to television after more than a decade. It's something Trekkies have wanted for a long time, and that desire for the franchise to head back to the small screen extended beyond mere fandom. Over the years, several Star Trek cast members have come forward with their own ideas about new TV series, and Michael Dorn was among the most vocal.
Dorn, who has the unique distinction of logging more hours as a cast member than anyone else in Star Trek history, has been working for a while now on a potential new TV series he dubbed The Worf Chronicles, which would follow the beloved Klingon's adventures beyond the events of Star Trek: The Next Generation. Fans everywhere seemed up for the idea, and Dorn was hoping CBS would be too.
Then, CBS announced a new TV show, which basically left The Worf Chronicles dead in the water. Dorn's not deterred, though. He apparently still wants to make the show ... just not as a Star Trek show.
"We were always aware that this was a possibility and we have a plan B," Dorn said. "The idea that we have is a great idea, so what we'd like to do is use it to start a new franchise."
That's right, Dorn's now hoping to develop a new sci-fi series completely independent of Star Trek, and while that means it could no longer be about Worf, he does

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.383997
Retrieved Text: Platinum Recruitment is proudly working as a recruitment partner with one of the finest hotels on Jersey to recruit a Head Pastry Chef.
This hotel on Jersey is rated as one of the best with a pastry section that’s set up will all the latest kitchen equipment.
The hotel has an extremely high-end food offering including fine dining restaurant, relaxed dining restaurant and a luxury afternoon tea service.
As Head Pastry Chef you will oversee a small team while working with the Executive Chef to create Michelin level dishes and 5 Star hotel standard pastry and bakery products.
We’re looking for a creative Head Pastry Chef with great man management skills, Red Star or 5 Star Hotel experience would be beneficial.
If you or someone you know would be interested in this Head Pastry Chef role on Jersey please get in touch with an up to date CV and contact number to find out more.
Due to the high level of response, only candidates with the relevant experience will be contacted for this role in Jersey – Thank you for your application.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.378948
Retrieved Text: This Star-Spangled Fruit Salad is so easy to make — simply cut watermelon into ½-inch thick slices and then cut with a small star-shaped cookie cutter. If you have a couple of different sizes it looks even better!
You could even throw in some banana if you would like to add some white.
Combine blueberries, and watermelon in a medium serving bowl; toss gently to blend.
What else is going to be on your 4th of July table?!?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.367991
Retrieved Text: Hi we would like a sea view apartment but I have some minor mobility problems. Does the hotel have a lift?
Hi, Is the sofa bed big enough for two adults? It looks small in the few pictures we've seen.
Hi, I’ve been there last year - did not use the sofa bed but had a look for future reference. It is actually a single bed but has a bottom part which can be pulled out to create additional bed. Hope this helps.
Hi... whats the deal with sunbeds.... dont want an early race for a sunbed reservation like we had last year (different hotel). but would like to be able to get a sunbed near the pool every day.
Hi like previous answer there are sun beds but the beech is literally across the road and well worth going. The beech is very clean. The apartments are great and well worth staying.
Hi see rates below. you have to add Spanish VAT at 10% to these rates per day. Hotels/Tourist Apartments 1, 2 and 3 Star/Keys - 2 euros Hotels/Tourist Apartments, 3 Star/Keys Superior, 4 Star - 3 euros Hotels/Tourist Apartments, 4 Star/Keys Superior, 5 Star Luxury - 4 euros ie 3 star hotel is €3.30 per adult per day .. Under 16 free.
Hi yes there were towels but they ask you not to take them to the beach. There are lots of shops that sell towels which are not expensive.

================



======= Instance Index 154 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are hotter or colder ):

Bigger stars produce more energy, so their surfaces are hotter.


Would a big star be hotter or colder?

Target Text: hotter

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.093147
Retrieved Text: A high-temperature isolated neutron star could be super-Eddington?
If the surface temperature of a young neutron star is hot enough, say, several KeV, its blackbody radiation could be super-Eddington? Did any paper discuss this scenario before?
How big should be a piece of neutron star to reach Earth's mass?
Imagine a neutron star could be broke into pieces. How big would be the piece matching Earth's mass?
Can we create neutron star by pressing earth? Or other objects?
How do we know how fast the surface of a neutron star is rotating?
I am wondering since neutron star is smaller than the average main-sequence stars and it doesn't produce energy via fusion so why do we still call it a star?
If you keep adding electrons or protons to a Neutron star, what would happen? Are there decay processes that convert them to neutrons in the absence of the oppositely charged particle?
What are future steps that can be taken in order to learn more about the inner workings of a Neutron Star such as "nuclear pasta" and the materials in the inner core?
Do all neutron stars spin?
I know that some of them are pulsars and pulsars spin very fast, but do all of the neutron stars spin? I would think that they would because of conservation of momentum, but I'm really just not sure.
Is there a significant population of neutron stars outside the galactic plane?
What is the average time between a nebula formation and a neutron star?
I have a star project, and I couldn't find anything on the amount of time it takes

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.951598
Retrieved Text: Gogglebox star Sandra Martin prefers being on BENEFITS than being famous GOGGLEBOX star Sandra Martin was forced to sign on again after cash from her TV work dried up.
Gogglebox star Sandra Martin opens up on plans to star on EastEnders – and she ALREADY has a part in mind SANDRA Martin of Gogglebox fame is hoping for a part in EastEnders.
Loose Women viewers left distracted by Sandra Martin's noisy earrings as she reveals she's back on benefits after Gogglebox exit SANDRA Martin caused quite the loud stir as the Gogglebox star shared her stories of financial woe.
Celebrity Big Brother's third housemate REVEALED? Gogglebox's Sandra Martin 'CONFIRMS' she's entering the house - 'I'm so excited' GOGGLEBOX star Sandra Martin appeared to confirm that she was going to appear in the all female version of Celebrity Big Brother.
Gogglebox star Sandra Martin 'homeless and broke' after spending all her money and handing it out to friends SANDRA Martin is facing a difficult start to the New Year.
Gogglebox star Sandra Martin tragically reveals her sister has died after suffering from dementia as she quits social media to grieve GOGGLEBOX star Sandra Martin has announced that her sister has died.
Celebrity Big Brother 2017: Honey G reveals the REAL reason she turned down a place in this year's house as she responds to Gogglebox admirer Sandra Martin RUMOURS suggested that the X Factor star would be appearing in the current series of the show.
Celebrity Big Brother 2017: Who is Sandi Bogle? Everything you need to know about the housemate SANDI Bogle is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.755452
Retrieved Text: Millions of Star Wars fans are waiting for the ninth episode (although 8th episode ‘The Last Jedi’ has not even hit the screens) after the successful run of Star Wars: Force awakens at the global box-office. After the horrible prequels, we really wanted to see an extremely well- directed Star Wars movie onscreen. The Force Awakens had the feel and the tone we wanted, it embraced the magic of original Star Wars movies which made us fell in love with the universe at the first place.
The director J.J. Abrams managed to reinvent Star Wars franchise and create an enormous amount of buzz for the next installment of the Skywalker saga. He is coming back for Star Wars 9 with a lot of big ideas with screenwriter Chris Terrio who is working on a screenplay.
He has assured the fans that Star Wars 9 will be truly different and satisfying. He feels if they can manage to tie in all the three trilogies, it would be a big accomplishment. The movie is set to be released on May 24, 2019.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.726168
Retrieved Text: Idris Elba is the coolest motherf–ker on the planet. Period. That’s just a fact. So was there ever any doubt that he wouldn’t be the coolest motherf–ker in space, too?
The Star Trek Beyond actor opened up about his very mysterious role at a press day for his film Beasts of No Nation, and Trekkies, get excited. It sounds like Elba’s Big Bad is breaking new ground for the beloved sci-fi franchise.
Since he was announced as appearing in next year’s Star Trek instalment, fans have wondered just who Elba would play—and why he has beef with the Enterprise. The most prevalent rumor had been that the Klingons will be the main villains in Star Trek Beyond, but Pegg himself confirmed that Elba would not be playing a Klingon. (Sorry, Klingon Empire!) Instead, the character is completely original—a fact in which Elba revels.
Innnteresting. Groundbreaking, huh? Is he groundbreaking because of his impeccable breakdancing skills?! We could only be so lucky. Speculation aside, whoever Elba is portraying must be a pretty big effing deal.
Star Trek Beyond warps into theatres July 22, 2016.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.557215
Retrieved Text: For many thousands of years Polaris has been used as a guiding star and reference point for navigators and astronomers.
Through experience and observation humans discovered the North Star lights the way to true north. Know the secret of finding the North Star in the northern sky, and you will know how to find direction even in the darkest of nights.
In this Survival Topic I will show you how.
Knowing how to find the north star in the northern hemisphere is one of the most basic survival skills.
Those of us in the north are fortunate to have the North Star as a handy survival tool for determining direction without a compass. Visible from the surface of the earth during clear nights, nearly everybody has heard of this celestial body and most probably feel confident they would be able to find the North Star whenever they choose.
In ancient times locating this lodestar was crucial to navigating long distances through the wilderness. The beauty of using the north star for navigation is that unlike a magnetic compass the north star always points to to true north. There is no magnetic declination to deal with.
By shear luck, the northern axis of the earth points directly toward the North Star. This means that when you are observing this star you are facing true north toward the North Pole. Because of this we also call the North Star the Polestar or Polaris, its astronomic name.
When you are facing the North Star you are looking toward true north. This is because by chance this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.490029
Retrieved Text: An Eastenders' legend, a retired pop star, a TV psychic and an Absolutely Fabulous actress are to be heading into the notorious Celebrity Big Brother house tomorrow night.
The leaked line up includes Eastenders legend Sean Williamson, who famously played the iconic character Barry Evans from 1994 to 2004; former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding; TV psychic Derek Acorah and Ab-Fab star Helen Lederer.
However not all the leaked names are happy to be rumoured to be featuring in the 2017 list with Dawn Ward denying she's entering the house as she Tweeted earlier: "Right just for the record as my phone not stopped I am NOT going in Big Brother but thank you for the support I would of had."
So with one day to go until the launch, and the leaked list of contestants still unconfirmed you can find out who officially enters the Big Brother house tomorrow August 1 at 9pm on Channel 5.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.457479
Retrieved Text: Propworx' Jarrod Hunt in front of the Enterprise "D" Saucer from "Generations"
There are a lot of lessons to be learned if you are going to collect screen used props & costumes. And telling the stories about collecting is one of my favorite things to do. I recently started working with CBS on the Star Trek archive, the collection of original props and costume spread through the Star Trek Exhibit and the Star Trek Experience. This meant going through 3 warehouses that had a small selection each of items, as well as cataloging what was on both of the Star Trek Exhibits that are on tour.
Sometimes the coolest movie props aren't very collectible. Many people lament the destruction of sets from Star Trek when they are finished. But who has room to store a holodeck arch, or the engine core of the Enterprise NX-01? As sad as it is, th eonly thing you can do with these amazing set pieces is destroy them when teh sets are struck. of course items like the Captain's chair or the consoles, are kept, as they are small and easily stored. But big pieces are very difficult and expensive to store.
Recently, CBS has begun to clear out storage units where parts of the STar Trek Exhibit have been stored. There were storage facilities in Anaheim and Burbank CA that housed different assets from the various TV shows and movies as well as display cases, wall units and more. So much of it was left over from the big Long Beach show

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.437341
Retrieved Text: Star greater than the Milky Way?
At a party a few days ago, I was standing outside with a couple of friends viewing the incredible night sky when we started talking about the magnificent vastness of space. One of them brought up having heard of a single star that was greater than the entire Milky Way galaxy – which is pretty freaking huge! I was skeptical, seeing as from what I know of stars there is a top limit of both mass and size, when the star will collapse onto itself, exploding into a supernova. Stars can be incredibly huge, but as large as the Milky Way, which itself contains several hundred billion stars?
Stars can indeed be pretty huge, but it’s impossible to keep track of the big numbers. The standing fact, I confirm after a few minutes of researching, is that while stars are huge, the galaxy is a lot huger. In the end it’s like comparing an A2 poster to North America – surely a poster can be pretty big, but an entire continent plays in a different league altogether.
Our own star, the Sun, is about 1 392 000 km in diameter, 109 times the size of the Earth. That’s a tad smaller than your random star in the universe, and there are lots of different kinds of stars both smaller and greater. Our Sun is very much a dwarf, and there are many stars that are several orders of magnitude larger. The greatest star discovered in the universe is VY Canis Majoris, a red

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.426195
Retrieved Text: At midnight the Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens toys are released in Walmart. Are you lining up? Whether you plan on going or want to stay home, there’s nothing better than making this Star Wars Bantha Cocoa recipe to celebrate!
Truth be told, I never knew the glory of the Star Wars saga until Keith and I started dating. He introduced me to all the episodes, and of course told me all the controversy with certain things. His heart was broken when George Lucas decided to sell to Disney, but he has faith in the direction this new movie is headed.
Now if you have seen a movie or two, you will remember the big bantha’s that are adaptable to many different environments. Producing blue milk, hence the color you see, and known for their long hair and horns. Not the friendliest creatures you will meet in the Star Wars universe.
Celebrate Star Wars with this Bantha Cocoa drink.
This drink is great for any time you are feeling like you need to use the force, or go to the dark side. And if you have a Star Wars fan in the house, they will love this recipe if you surprise them with it!
Are you planning on going to see the movie in theaters when it’s out?
That sounds absolutely delicious and as a major Star Wars fan, I think I am pretty much required to make this. I love it.
Anything Star Wars themed is going to be a hit in my house. Thanks for sharing this!
We tend to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.283825
Retrieved Text: Celebrity Big Brother sources have denied rumours about the Channel 5 reality show facing the axe.
It was recently reported the show may be given the chop due to “plummeting ratings” over recent series.
The Daily Star claimed Channel 5 was going to “pull the plug” on Celebrity Big Brother after 18 years of broadcasting. The publication went on to say the programme would be “cosigned to the TV dustbin for good”.
However, Celebrity Big Brother sources have now spoken up against these claims, denying them profusely.
Celebrity Big Brother is currently airing on Channel 5, and stars Made In Chelsea’s Ashley James, pop star Ginuwine, RuPaul’s Drag Race contestant Courtney Act and politician Ann Widdecombe.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.275621
Retrieved Text: Not likely anywhere that big. Our whole solar system is over 20 billion miles accross, by the time you go the the edge of the Kupier belt to the other side.
The biggest discovered so far was like 15 times or so the size of Jupiter.
Much larger, and it&#39;s own gravity, and friction would likely start a nuclear fusion reaction which is what powers our Sun.
Now some stars can become as big as Saturn&#39;s orbit, which is nearly a billion miles accross. Consider Betlegese a red supergiant more then 500 light years away.
It gets as big as Jupiter&#39;s orbit.
are believed to be as big as many galaxies. They release enough energy to make our largest local stars look like AA Energiser batteries. And these quazers do keep going and going.
So the short simple anwser is planets? No. Other objects? Yes.
A Dyson sphere, while not a naturally formed planet nor anything that has been observed as yet, would be, by definition, a comparable size to the solar system.
A Dyson sphere is only theoretical ... I don&#39;t know if i made that clear.
I was going to say that about the Dyson sphere but didn&#39;t want to confuse the young man.
which Scotty is retrieved by the Enterprise crew in the 24th century.
inside wall of the sphere where the star never rises or sets, but provides energy all the time.
Anyone outside would not be able to see the star or detect the sphere until they almost crashed into it.
made sphere which is more then 200 million miles accross. Or hundreds of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.27376
Retrieved Text: Star Wars fans went wild on Twitter last night as it was announced that The Mandalorian is not the only live-action Star Wars show in development, with Diego Luna set to return as Cassian Andor for a show that follows his adventures. The full announcement on StarWars.com can be read here.
So before I get into my thoughts on the show itself, I just want to mention what I think this may mean for the movies in the short term. I am a big fan of Collider Videos and many of the shows they put on. On a recent episode of Collider Live, Kristian Harloff mentioned that with Disney distributing the Avatar movies, he could see the Star Wars movies releasing twice a year as we would have The Mandalorian providing yearly content. While I hope that is not the case and I would love an annual Star Wars movie, I think the fact that we now have confirmation of 2 live-action Star Wars shows means that his prediction was likely correct, at least for the foreseeable future.
I’m a big fan of Rogue One and would currently rank it number 3 on my list of all the Star Wars films, though I would not be surprised to see it rise as time goes on. I really enjoyed the character of Cassian and Diego Luna’s portrayal of him and thought the novelisation did a great job of expanding the character, so I am very excited by this news. Both in the film and the novel, it is stated

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.269422
Retrieved Text: I know there are a few Big Star fans on here. He also produced The Cramps 'Gravest Hits' and 'Songs the Lord Taught Us'.
Long before he was famous Alex was a 14 year old kid who would hang around at Jerry Lee's shows. He would often be at wild after show parties at Jerry Lee's house in Memphis along with countless other musicians.
He learned a lot of things that musicians do pretty fast - and was soon skipping school and staying up for several days and nights on end. He also hung out at the Sun studio with the owner Sam Phillips and tried to make himself useful there.
Alex learned to play pretty good boogie woogie piano himself and a couple of years later his group The Boxtops had a huge multi milllion seller with The Letter in 1967. Despite knowing a lot of musicians and having listened to their tales - he still got ripped off terribly when success came to him.
Many years later his Big Star venture gathered quite a cult following - something that still continues to this day.
Later on he became a bit paranoid and was frequently totally out of it. The following is a link to a good tribute that tells the truth about his later life.
Alex Chilton: 1975-1981 | Crawdaddy!
He still used to turn up at any of Jerry's shows in New Orleans but it is astonishing that Alex has gone and Jerry, his older mentor, is still rockin'. Maybe he shouldn't have gone to all those parties when he

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.261827
Retrieved Text: AARON CHALMERS claims a fight with CM Punk would be a step down and he is eyeing big money fights in America.
Chalmers, 31, won his fourth MMA fight in May but is already setting his sights on a big career in the sport.
The Geordie Shore star, who has signed with Bellator, has been tipped to face UFC’s CM Punk after his defeat to Mike Jackson earlier in June.
But Chalmers thinks he is a class above the former WWE star and said: “I think after watching Punk’s last performance and watching mine it does look like a heavily mismatched fight.
Chalmers impressed Michael ‘Venom’ Page, who claimed the reality TV star looked a natural fighter in his BAMMA debut and can both take and throw a shot.
With such high praise, it is no wonder Chalmers has big targets and is committed to his new career.
He added: “It’s always nice to get kind words from the likes of MVP and I’ll be honest I think I’ve surprised myself more then anyone else.
This confidence was on display when he called out UFC star Mike Jackson and the pair engaged in a Twitter feud.
But when quizzed on a potential boxing fight following David Haye’s retirement, Chalmers was open to the possibility.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.23842
Retrieved Text: Now, that is something that Mattel should do, in a big licencing coup, they would get the honor of making The Star Wars See And Say Toy.
At least George Lucas himself would personally sign his name on the dotted line of the contract and he would also have a limted number of the Star Wars See and Say toys be signed by George Lucas himself, in which one of these toys would end up causing a great bidding war at the Dragon Con Charity Auction!
And all of this is the truth!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.232562
Retrieved Text: Karl-Anthony Towns is one of the most talented big men in the NBA but is now being talked about for a completely different reason. Reports recently broke that Towns and the Minnesota Timberwolves are not in a good place. That could lead to the star big man being traded this offseason.
There is no guarantee that Towns will end up being traded. Minnesota could find a way to smooth things over with him. Towns is the most important player for the Wolves and losing him would set them back in a big way.
During the 2017-18 season with the Timberwolves, Towns ended up averaging 21.3 points per game to go along with 12.3 rebounds and 1.4 blocks. He shot 54.5 percent from the field and showed off his game as a stretch big as well, making 42.1 percent of his three-point attempts. Those numbers would look good on almost any teams roster in the league.
At just 22 years of age with the amount of talent he possesses, Towns would be one of the most sought-after players on the trade block in quite some time.
If Minnesota does look to trade Towns, it won’t be cheap. Teams will have to throw home run offers at the Timberwolves, which many will be more than willing to do.
All of that being said, which three teams would be ideal trade destinations for Towns if the Wolves do decide to move him this offseason?
Danny Ainge and company have been linked to stars each of the last few offseasons, and they were able to get

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.216862
Retrieved Text: Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter (THR), during the Empire Awards, Daisy Ridley confirmed she's in talks to play Lara Croft in a Tomb Raider franchise reboot on the big screen. The Star Wars: The Force Awakens actress would be following in the footsteps of Angelina Jolie.
Ridley's Star Wars co-star John Boyega, who plays Finn in the sequel trilogy, admitted he'd already eyed Ridley for the role of Lara Croft and he's not alone.
“I played Tomb Raider the game, it’s a new take and I think the movies are going to be based on that version,” he told THR. “But I texted Daisy [and] was like, ‘this is you!’ and ‘you need to get on that because you could be Lara Croft.’ She should be."
Daisy Ridley has already proved her leading role credentials in Star Wars and would be a fitting Lara Croft. What do you think? Let me know in the comments below.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.1961775
Retrieved Text: Last week, the Big Spring City Council approved the purchase of a Fire Truck for the Big Spring Fire Department. The bid was awarded to Lone Star Emergency Group, Inc. for $391,782.00.
During the meeting it was noted that this is $51,000 over budget, but Big Spring Fire Chief Craig Ferguson advised that all 4 bids received from different companies had been over the budgeted amount due to the rising cost of materials.
Chief Ferguson also advised that even though Lone Star Emergency Group was not the lowest bid received, it was a vehicle that met all of the specifications and would be delivered in a timely manner and has the same mechanical components as every other fire truck that they had. The bid that came closer to the budgeted amount had a projected delivery time of 14 months. He stated that the new fire truck was needed as soon as possible, as it would be replacing a 1992 E-1 fire truck that had been in service for 27 years.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.161096
Retrieved Text: So now that we know there’s going to be more Star Wars films, one can't help wonder how long the series will last, and how old we’ll be once it all ends.
There was a big cover story in Entertainment Weekly about the resurrection of Star Wars via Disney, and we know for certain there is going to be three more movies, because the whole series was originally intended to encompass a total of 9 films.
, Kathleen Kennedy, who is the new president of Lucasfilm, reportedly "wants the company to produce two or three films a year (it’s averaged fewer than four per decade)…"
Now it’s not clear if there are going to be spin offs, like the animated versions of Star Wars, but it would be very difficult to get two to three films out a year, which makes me wonder if this was a misprint that will soon be cleared up. Even with The Hobbit being cut into three parts, the third episode arrives six months after the second part, and that could even be cutting it too close. (Or perhaps having the third part come out sooner will make the money pile up faster).
Then again, George Lucas recently told MTV the Star Wars franchise could continue for at least 100 years. He added, "I have story treatments of 7, 8 and 9 and a bunch of other movies, and we have hundreds of books and comics and everything you could possibly imagine…It’s a very big universe I’ve created and there’s lots of stories sitting in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.137466
Retrieved Text: Is that a lolly pop?
The girl is a rock star!
Who would have thought that saving money would be such a big deal?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.1119175
Retrieved Text: Explanation: Better known as Hind's Crimson Star, R Leporis is a rare star in planet Earth's night sky. It's also a shocking shade of red. The star's discoverer, 19th century English astronomer John Russell Hind, reported that it appeared in a telescope "... like a drop of blood on a black field." Located 1,360 light-years away in the constellation Lepus the star is a Mira-type variable, changing its brightness over a period of about 14 months. R Leporis is now recognized as a carbon star, a very cool and highly evolved red giant with an extreme abundance of carbon. Extra carbon in carbon stars is created by helium fusion near the dying stellar core and dredged up into the stars' outer layers. The dredge-up results in an overabundance of simple carbon molecules, like CO, CH, CN, and C2. While it's true that cool stars radiate most of their energy in red and infrared light, the carbon molecules strongly absorb what little blue light is left and give carbon stars an exceptionally deep red color. R Leporis is losing its carbon-rich atmosphere into the surrounding interstellar material through a strong stellar wind though, and could be near the transition to a planetary nebula. Oh, and Happy Halloween from the folks at APOD.
If we assume that the atmosphere would be similar to the Earth's atmosphere, the sky would be quite dark.
The Earth's atmosphere preferentially scatters blue light, but a star like R Leporis produces little if any blue light at all. The red light from a star like

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.110686
Retrieved Text: While mini-figures are often sold in random colors (the buyer is unable to select their color preference) a “blind bag” approach is not often used. Packaging these figures in a blind bag adds a very simple, but fun, way to sell random colors. It provides the buyer with a little extra excitement upon opening the package.
The set consisted of three figures cast in resin: one Big Daddy Vain and two Goons. Big Daddy Vain and one Goon were cast in a very, very dark Red-ish Black with lighter Red speckles. One Goon was cast in a clear resin.
Edge of Doom toys often cites the handmade nature of their toys – acknowledging there may be bubbles or other imperfections. For a perfectionistic collector, this is not the line of toys to collect. While the imperfections are not overwhelming they are noticeable upon close inspection.
For example, the clear Goon is missing a small piece of his left foot. However, these are not toys. They are collectible figures which will likely sit on collectors’ shelves. For the vast majority of people these small imperfections can be overlooked.
In an Epilogue an unfair, prejudging comment was made regarding these figures. The Goon figures are excellent examples of why figures should never be reviewed until they are in a collector’s hand. The Goon figures could easily be labeled as a simple head-swap. However the key to even a “simple head-swap” working is having the right scaling plus the right head and body choice. The Goon figures achieve this all-important balance.
The Big Daddy

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.107206
Retrieved Text: In a wilderness survival situation, you can determine direction using “markers” in the sky, constellations and key stars, that point the way North or South. The astronomical objects to use are dependent upon your location – Northern Hemisphere or Southern Hemisphere.
In the northern hemisphere, the main constellations that will assist you in navigation are Ursa Major (the Big Dipper) and Cassiopeia (Lazy W). You can use these two constellations to help find Polaris (the North Star). The arrow in the picture below points to Cassiopeia – Ursa Major is located just upward and to the right.
Polaris more or less remains stationary in the night sky. It is the last star in the handle of the Little Dipper (Ursa Minor). To discern between the Big Dipper and the Little Dipper, look for the constellation made of seven dim stars – this is the Little Dipper (the Big Dipper is made of seven brighter stars). To avoid confusion, use the Big Dipper and Cassiopeia together to spot the North Star. The Big Dipper and Cassiopeia are generally opposite each other and rotate counterclockwise around Polaris, with Polaris in the center.
You will use two “pointer stars”, one each from the Big Dipper and Cassiopeia, to form a line that points to the North Star. First, spot the Big Dipper (made of seven bright stars). Next, find the star that makes the outer lip of the dipper, the star located where water would pour out if the dipper were tipped forward. Next find the lower star that makes up the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.100161
Retrieved Text: With the announcement of the American Idol Experience closing in 2015 and the now rumoured closure of the Indiana Jones Stunt Show Spectacular, fans of the parks are beginning to get a little excited. Why you ask? Well, since the acquisition of LucasFilm, Disney have said that they plan to make more films and begin to expand their presence in the theme parks. For a little while there has been talk of an expansion of Disneyland Paris’ Discoveryland to include more Star Wars and in the past year we have seen more regular appearances by Star Wars characters in the Disneyland Park. But, what about Walt Disney World?
It is now seeming more likely that a new Star Wars land is going to be added to Disney Hollywood Studios. Now, remember, this is all speculation at the moment but why do we think this is a big possibility? Let’s take a trip up the I4 to Universal Studios. In a matter of weeks, Universal will open The Wizarding World of Harry Potter: Diagon Alley. There is no doubt that this is going to bring the huge queues we saw when the Hogsmeade area opened in June 2010.
Star Wars was once the world’s most profitable franchise but with the birth of Harry Potter, that fell to number two. Disney bought the rights to Avatar, which, although profitable isn’t as big as Star Wars. The studios already hold a highly popular annual event for the franchise so surely it is only a matter of time before they take it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.097032
Retrieved Text: After years of rumors surrounding a Space Jam sequel, it finally looks as though a LeBron James-led cast will be bringing the movie to life. Director Justin Lin, best known for his work on the Fast & Furious franchise, has begun co-writing a Space Jam 2 script with the intention of directing and producing the film, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
With Lin taking the reins and James already signed on with Warner Bros, one of the few hurdles that remains is bringing together a cast of hoop stars to star alongside LeBron. Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny obviously took center stage in the first movie, but what would the Space Jam of '96 have been without Charles Barkley, Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson, Muggsy Bogues and Shawn Bradley having their basketball talents stolen by the Nerdlucks?
It's currently unknown if the reboot will follow a similar plotline, but considering the box office success of Jordan's Space Jam, it would be a big surprise if LeBron's didn't feature a handful of NBA stars in supporting roles. Using star power, cartoonish traits and other intangible factors as our criteria, let's break down the top options to join James in the sequel to the highest-grossing basketball film of all-time. In true All-Star (read: Monstar) game fashion, we'll assign the top five candidates to the starting lineup, while plugging in a group of worthy reserve cast members.
First off, the notable omissions. You may be wondering why an all-world talent like Stephen Curry isn't on this list. Simply put, if the reigning league

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.074831
Retrieved Text: When the news broke that Michael B. Jordan would officially be playing the Human Torch in the upcoming Fantastic Four reboot, it seemed almost certain that he would be Hollywood's next big star. Superhero movies are a pretty big deal these days, and his racially-blind casting proved that he had gotten producers' attention, likely through his excellent action performance in Chronicle and amazing dramatic turn in Fruitvale Station. Now, that fate is sealed as Fox bought a movie specifically for Jordan to star in.
The studio, who produced Chronicle and will also produce Fantastic Four, is so confident in his acting talent and box office draw that they acquired Men Who Kill from writer T.J. Fixman and are planning to develop it around Jordan. The tone of the movie, according to Deadline, is "an international Bad Boys," though there are no plot details available yet.
We already thought that Jordan was going to be a big deal, and soon, because of his impressive slate of future projects. In addition to Fantastic Four and its already planned sequel, Jordan will star in the Rocky sequel Creed, as well as the insanley well-casted Triple Nine . Then there are his rumored future projects, which include Star Wars: Episode VII and the Independence Day sequel.
As promising as all of those made Jordan's future sound, Men Who Kill really sealed the deal. It might not be as highly anticipated as the others (for now) and is nowhere near as high profile, but it's being built around Jordan. Fox has enough faith in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.052591
Retrieved Text: Most of the planets found to date have been massive and orbiting their parent stars at a fraction the orbit of Mercury – the hot jupiters. They’re interesting to astronomers, but the big goal is going to be finding Earth-mass planets orbiting other stars. To do this, astronomers are looking for less massive stars, where the effects of gravity from a smaller, Earth-sized planet will be easier to spot. Today, an international team of astronomers announced they have found a planet with only 3 times the mass of the Earth orbiting a tiny star that can barely support nuclear reactions.
The announcement of this new planet, known as MOA-2007-BLG-192Lb, was made at the 212th meeting of the American Astronomical Society held in St. Louis from June 1-5, 2008. Researchers from several universities, including the University of Notre Dame presented their findings.
The star is known as MOA-2007-BLG-192L, and it’s located about 3,000 light-years away. It’s probably not actually a star, with only 6% the mass of our own Sun. These objects are classified as brown dwarfs, because they don’t have enough mass to sustain nuclear reactions in the core. I say “probably” because the uncertainty of the observations might put it into the very low end of a hydrogen-burning star.
Researchers found the planet and star using the gravitational microlensing technique. This is where two stars line up perfectly from our point of view here on Earth. As the two stars begin to line up, the foreground star acts as a lens to magnify and distort the light from

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.041403
Retrieved Text: I'm in a Star Wars mood today, so I thought todays Big Question should reflect that. Therefore, my question today is, what would you like to see in the up coming new trilogy? Any characters you would like to see included? Any expanded universe books/ comics you would like to see bits included from? Any places that should be visited? Basically put yourself in the drivers set of the new movies and let rip (not in that sense, in the less dirty sense thank you).
So, in Revenge of the Sith, they put in a 2-minute blurb of a disappointment Wookie skirmish. Meh! I want a minimum of 30 minutes screen time of Wookies just beating down whatever is in front of them.
I’d like to see Ben Skywalker and Jaina Solo be a couple of the main characters, then introduce some new people – jedi and regular. The original characters would have minor roles.
I’d like to see them do it in a way that doesn’t totally trample all over the EU books. The reader fan base is one of the main reasons SW has survived all the years, and their investment in time and money shouldn’t be overlooked. And I believe that this could be done. Just don’t do anything that goes against the books, and don’t beat the movie goer over the head with reference to the books – maybe just a few Easter egg type references.
Then I’d cast Tom Hiddleson to play a main character – in the first movie he’d be the main bad

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.024789
Retrieved Text: Respawn should reveal some new info about its upcoming projects--could it be Star Wars?
Respawn will be a part of EA's big E3 press conference in some way, but details are still nebulous.
New information on an upcoming project will be teased at tomorrow's EA Play, Respawn's Vince Zampella today confirmed. Respawn, now owned by EA after being acquired for $315 million, is currently developing three major games: a new war-based VR game, a narrative-driven third-person action Star Wars game, and Titanfall 3. Which one could be teased? We're hoping for the middle one.
Following Battlefront II's big lootbox controversy and Visceral Games' closure and the cannibalization of its interesting-sounding Star Wars project (aka Project Ragtag) the Star Wars gaming market has been pretty slim. EA's exclusive license to make Star Wars games has been stretched out now that the timeline has been disrupted. Project Ragtag was to release in 2018, and Respawn's game was to launch in 2019 or 2020 (EA's FY2020 and FY2021, respectively). Considering the Star Wars game is Respawn's highest profile game in development it's possible we could get more concrete info about it at E3 2018. However the VR war game is to release in 2019...so it could be that too.
It's been a while since we last heard about Respawn's Star Wars game.
We know that it's a third-person action game with very heavy emphasis on characters, and that it'll follow true to the Star Wars universe while also exploring brand new territory.
"I would sacrifice visual fidelity for gameplay experience. It has to feel good.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.024779
Retrieved Text: According to a report from Filmchronicles.com, Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch has been cast as an unspecified role in the upcoming film in the Star Wars saga.
Fans of Cumberbatch will also know him from the BBC's Sherlock, and more recently, J.J. Abrams latest installment in the Star Trek films, Star Trek: Into Darkness as "Khan". Having only recently been hooked on Sherlock, and seeing him as "Khan", Cumberbatch has an impeccable skill of playing good, evil, and nuetral all at the same time, so for him to show up in a Star Wars film would be nothing short of a great addition. However, would Abrams use Cumberbatch as a villian twice in a row?
Cumberbatch was originally scheduled to star in Guillermo del Toro's horror movie "Crimson Peak", but has recently dropped the role-supposedly for another project.
Rumors traversed the internet several months ago of Cumberbatch appearing as a possible apprentice to the Emperor, but this is the first "big-time news" that we are hearing anything of.

================



======= Instance Index 1768 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are faster or slower ):

If the gas is cooled, the particles will move more slowly, because they will have less energy.


When we get cold we become faster or slower?

Target Text: slower

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.005821
Retrieved Text: With the coldest week of the winter so far, now behind us, most of us will be hoping that we’ve seen the last of the snow. It is officially Spring but we must not become complacent too soon as we could still get more cold weather.
When we get older our bodies respond differently to cold temperatures which means we are more susceptible to illness and it can become more serious. However, with a little preparation and following some simple guidelines we can all keep ourselves safe and healthy.
Age Uk have put together all the advice you should need whether it be health advice, keeping warm, keeping your house warm or going out and about. We think it’s well worth taking some time to read it all by following this link.
Keep warm, keep safe and we can all look forward to spring, it’s just around the corner!!
← Will Over 50s dominate workforce by 2024?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.978302
Retrieved Text: Lately, due to the very cold weather me and our daughter got colds as well. It become so hard to have a good night sleep because of congestion. I am currently using humidifier at night and it does help. My friend told me that air filters in the apartment should be changed as well because it accumulates dust and other particles. It can add to any allergies we are feeling. I am thinking that me and our DD is having this cold allergy. When it's getting cold we get congested. When she sleeps she breaths through her mouth that she is literally snoring as well. I am hoping that she will get better soon and that she can sleep through the night without tossing and turning.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.683403
Retrieved Text: When we get to the place where we no longer believe or trust God we find ourselves wandering in the desert without direction or purpose. The desert experience can take forty years or forty minutes it’s up to us. Our choices determine our direction and we either wander aimlessly or we walk through these times.
2.In psychoanalysis, the division of the psyche that is conscious, most immediately controls thought and behavior, and is most in touch with external reality.
3. An exaggerated sense of self-importance; conceit.
4. Appropriate pride in oneself; self-esteem.
We all have been in the desert. The desert is dry, barren and without meaning or purpose and void of the Holy Spirit. Each day looks just like the other. We get up, we go to work, we come home, we eat, we watch TV and we go to bed and we do it all over again tomorrow. Our lives become mundane. The desert tends to get really cold at night and that is how it is with us. We get cold to the things of God. We get cold to the service of others. We begin to wallow in our own problems and the life we are living and we continually murmur and complain about everything. We lose our sense of gratitude and although we may have seen many miracles in our time, we have forgotten or dismissed them as a thing of the past. We have forgotten God but we turn it around and declare that He has forgotten us. Dr. Myles Munroe says this, “The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.550228
Retrieved Text: Change is a fact of life. For example, sometimes you get introduced as a random character in a New Mutants comic from the 90s, and end up headlining a bunch of books. Sometimes you start out in the military, become a mercenary, get sick, get experimented on, become a superpowered mercenary, get a few extra voices in your head, start bodysliding with a time travelling mutant, marry a monster queen, and eventually become an Avenger. It could happen to anyone, really.
And if Deadpool can go from bad guy to kinda-almost good guy, it makes sense that his mug can change, too. Fill it with a cold beverage, and it's jet black, with the Deadpool logo large and in charge on the front. It's simple. It's eye-catching. It's cool. But then you pour 20 oz. of something hot into it, and Deadpool himself appears in all his comic art glory to call you a nerd. We didn't claim that change was nice. But when Deadpool is involved, it sure gets steamy. At least you can make him go away if you drink something cold. We bet Cable wishes he'd thought of that.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.501015
Retrieved Text: What is a cold call is a question worth answering because many salespeople can see this sales activity differently. Here is how we define a cold call.
The first place to start when looking at what is a cold call is comparing warm calling to cold calling.
Cold calling refers to calling a prospect that has zero knowledge of who you are. They may know of your company but they have not reached out to you or to your company and they most likely do not know who you are.
The other important thing to think about with what is a cold call is where does the cold call fit and stop when it comes to your sales process steps.
We see the cold call sales process step as the first 2 to 5 minutes of a call with a cold prospect. This is worth discussing because there are many scenarios where you cold call a prospect and you talk to them for more than 5 minutes. When this is the case, we feel like you are either still in cold call and you are letting the call go on too long or that you have progressed to the next step in the sales process.
In most cases, the next step after a cold call will be some sort of appointment or discussion. When you cold call someone and end up talking to them for somewhere between 10 to 15 minutes, we see that as you have progressed to the appointment at the same time as the cold call and we

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.394749
Retrieved Text: When funds are tight and you need money quickly, visit Check `n Go in Cold Spring. * You’ll receive fast and friendly service. Our experienced associates understand that unplanned expenses occur every day. In KY, Check `n Go offers payday loans from $50 to $500. Don’t allow unplanned expenses to become a burden. Your neighborhood Cold Spring Check `n Go is here to help you get the money you need when you need it. Check `n Go Cold Spring is conveniently located next to Thoma & Sutton Eye Care on Alexandria Pike. We also offer Netspend® Prepaid Mastercard®. Stop in today!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.37846
Retrieved Text: When your child has a cold (runny nose, cough, fever) you want her to feel better. Many people assume that an antibiotic will make their child get better from a cold. But…ANTIBIOTICS DO NOT TREAT A COLD!! Antibiotics treat bacterial infections (strep throat, bladder infections, ear infections). They never ever treat a viral infection such as a cold, bronchiolitis, viral sore throat. In fact, treating a child with an antibiotic when they have a viral infection can be harmful. Overusing antibiotics can cause bacteria to become resistant to the antibiotic (meaning the antibiotic doesn't make the illness get better). This can make dangerous illnesses very hard to treat. Overuse of antibiotics and antibiotic resistance is one of the world's most pressing health problems. We need to all be responsible…doctors, patients, parents and decrease the unnecessary use of antibiotics!!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.274197
Retrieved Text: When it comes to sales, the name of the game is to get as many people in front of you as you possibly can. Generating leads is probably one of the biggest challenges when it comes to sales, and it can affect your ability to reach your targets. While new leads may not be that hard to find, quality leads can prove to be a bigger challenge. Thankfully, there are many different approaches you can take when focusing on getting people in front of you. It is important for you develop a system that works.
The first thing you want to do is look for the people that are having great success and get some tips from them. Throughout my career, I have spoken to many different successful sales representatives and found a lot of different approaches. Bottom line, if you apply yourself, they all work.
Some of our top representatives work a very good referral program. When it comes to getting referrals, the key is to get a good pipeline going and take very good care of your merchants. What that means is doing the install yourself, or even following up after their first month with us doing a review of their first statement. A happy and satisfied merchant will gladly recommend you to many other merchants. Many representatives will gladly offer bonuses to satisfied merchants for recommending other businesses. By doing this, you now have established some very warm leads.
Another way is to get involved with business groups and attend meetings. I don’t recommend this as

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.154875
Retrieved Text: I don't know what the wooly bear caterpillars predicted but hoo boy it's been cold and snowy so far this winter. If you are going to live in a winter aggressive city like Rochester, you need to learn how to cope with it. I can bundle myself up until only my eyes are showing. My co-workers don't even blink when they see me rolling into the office like this.
I like to document the weather we get. Last week we got a snow storm that left a snow muffin on our patio table.
It seems to become quiet when there is snow like this on the ground.
And then early this week we had the Polar Vortex. We didn't get much snow, unlike our Buffalo neighbor to the West, but temperatures dropped below zero.
Literally cold air from the arctic came to visit.
A new sight. All the windows in my office frosted over.
We survived the polar vortex and went back to the balmy double digits. Just a couple more months to go!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.142458
Retrieved Text: When we think of winter time, we think of the cold, and when we think of the cold, well, it’s rarely in a positive context. People shy away from cold weather as it were a hangman that is out to get us or at least to make us sick. That is why we put on several layers of clothes to prevent the cold from reaching our body because we want so desperately to stay warm. However, there is little scientific proof that cold is that much detrimental to our health. Quite the contrary, there are at least 5 amazing health benefits of exposing ourselves to cold air. Once you find out more on how cold weather can actually help you stay healthy, you might be tempted into taking a stroll out in the snowy landscape.
If you ever wished that allergies you or your friends and family have could simply be put on “mute,” winter is the time of the year when they really go silent. Cold weather is the worst possible environment for the viruses and pollen to spread, so you are less likely to commence a sneezing spree in December, let’s say. Spending time outdoors will be safer but you are still going to have to be cautious indoors. Mold and mildew form in rooms without fresh air and air-conditioning is definitely not helpful. That is why you should open the windows now and then to let the fresh air inside.
There is a reason why the phrase “to cool down” has a reference to cold.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.125616
Retrieved Text: Home » Blog » Wet Hair In The Winter – Will You Get Sick?
The icey cold weather spikes a peak in runny noses and colds, however there are a few myths that you shouldn’t believe anymore.
Running outside during the winter with wet hair might not be the warmest and most comfortable thing to do, but it isn’t the reason why you’ve caught a cold (as most people like to believe). The real cause? Viruses.
Viruses have a higher survival rate that runs from late spring to early fall. This is because viruses thrive better during a time of high humidity. But why does it seem like we often catch more colds during the winter?
Well for starters we usually aren’t crowded together indoors as often during warmer weather as we are in the harsh winter cold. With many people in the same vicinity, there’s no escaping viruses transferring. Physical transfer and airborne viruses are more susceptible to transfer from one person to another when we are packed in a mall like sardines.
Washing your hands and using alcohol hand-sanitizer help reduce the spread of germs and viruses, but recent studies have shown that airborne viruses are causing more people to become sick than physical transfer. Viruses that are airborne can’t be avoided either!
Though you won’t become sick just because you go outside with wet hair, the cold weather does weaken your immune system and can cause you to be more inclined to catching the viruses.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.987219
Retrieved Text: We’ve all experienced how winter months can impact our exercise routine, especially if you’re heading out into the chill for a bounce on your Vuly trampoline! We aren't just talking about wanting to curl up under the covers when it's time to get moving; did you know that cold weather can have a big impact on how our body copes with regular exercise?
Today, we explore the ways in which winter affects our body’s performance when working out and the extra risks you need to watch out for if you’re heading out for some trampoline-based exercise in the cold.
There’s a reason that we remind you to always warm up before engaging in trampoline exercise, and this is particularly relevant in colder weather... Cold muscles have a much greater risk of injury! When we exercise in summer, the environmental heat keeps our muscles warmer for longer; therefore, icy conditions cause our muscles to cool down much more quickly.
If you’re doing ‘stop-start’ exercise routines on your Vuly trampoline, it’s important to keep note of how much you cool down in between exercises, and if you require intermittent warm up sessions. It’s also a great idea to gently stretch and warm down at the end of your trampoline workout. This can prevent your muscles from seizing up and cramping.
People with breathing difficulties, such as asthma, need to be conscious of their symptoms when heading out for trampoline exercise; rapidly breathing in cold air can be a trigger.
If you suffer from asthma or similar health concerns, it’s best to opt for

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.919239
Retrieved Text: I often complain about the cold here in Florida. Again this morning we are in the grips of the post frontal cold. I think we are near the 40’s again. You are thinking “poor babies”… But this is cold for we older sailors. I am wearing pants, a t-shirt and long sleeve shirt. Further, I am still cold.
Today’s tasks include re-installing some teak fittings and coating them. I will also tackle the engine room and replace the absorbent catch pads under the engine. The various engine fluids that have seeped and dripped down there have conspired together to become odorous.
Rick like always has claimed the kitchen. I have managed to cook a couple of meals but he pouts when I’m in ‘his kitchen’… He will spontaneously scream “He cooks, he cleans” when least expected. I am the Captain and I have drawn the line at onions and garlic in the coffee.
Breakfast is over and we will begin today’s tasks. I have finalized the details for our trip home. Our Christmas trek is unlikely to spawn a Disney Christmas classic, but may remind you of a synergy between ‘Planes, Trains and Automobiles’ and ‘Christmas Vacation’.
We fly back to Canada on December 15th, Rick to Halifax and I to Sudbury. We have to get to Nettles Island Marina on Monday, pick up the truck and drive to Lauderdale. I doesn’t sound like much but we are old.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.82482
Retrieved Text: If you are suffering from severe cough, cold and flu and want to get rid of it by using natural remedies then, have a look at these three homemade remedies given below. In the winter season, people caught by cough, cold and flu easily than any other disease. Scientists have introduced three amazing homemade remedies to get rid of cough, cold and flu.
The use of green tea in winter season is one of the major sources to get rid of cough cold and flu. If we use green tea with honey and lemon, then we get more benefited from green tea. In the human body lemon fights against germs which become the reason of flu. Honey and lemon act as a natural ingredient which helps in freshens the breath and rich in Vitamin C storage which is helpful in the treatment of flu.
To avoid cough cold and flu in winter it is necessary to use foods which are rich in protein in abundance. The use of egg, almond, milk and honey become significant to avoid cough cold and flu during the winter season. Eggs are a good source of proteins, Vitamin B2, D, B6 and B12. These vitamins help in the treatment of a cough and flu. Almonds contain a lot of healthy fats, fibers, proteins and magnesium.
Sometimes Dust and grime causes the production of germs in the human body which become the reason of fever, cough and other diseases. So to avoid the flu, you have to take some precautionary measures against dusty and grime

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.812553
Retrieved Text: We can all familiarise with dark, cold & early mornings in the middle of winter when the last thing we want to do is get out of a warm bed and go to work. In contrast the middle of summer fills us with zest and makes getting out of bed so much easier. However, does this mean that people are more productive in summer rather than winter?
Not necessarily so. According to research from Harvard University the opposite is true. In the middle of summer, as staff sit gazing out of the office window whilst the sun beams down seldom can we wait to get out of the office. The opportunity cost if you will of us being at work on sunny days when we could be outside enjoying the weather has an impact on productivity. In the middle of winter, when it’s cold and dark, well most people would rather stack up the hours because there’s not much else to do.
Once again we can all familiarise with this. Adding layers because you are too cold can be a pain and actually quite restrictive. When you are too hot you become uncomfortable and the threat of perspiration can be sometimes quite embarrassing. All these things can put you off your work.
Studies in America suggest that temperatures in the range of 71-77 Fahrenheit (about 21-25 Celsius) are the optimum temperatures for workplace productivity. Temperatures above that level can mean we lose concentration pretty quickly…… ever been in a board meeting when someone’s set the temperature high? There was

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.573029
Retrieved Text: The temperatures are dropping outside. Spring has sprung, Fall has Fell. Winter is coming. As it gets cold, more back and hip pain cases will be coming into the clinic.
I’m able to write about the patterns of pain because research shows that we all have about the same trigger points in the same places that generate the same patterns of pain. So it really gets down to figuring out what makes the trigger points become more active and cause more pain.
It surprises most people when I tell them that one of the musculoskeletal system’s primary functions is to protect us. Muscles provide padding when we’re hit. Muscles tighten around things that are fragile, like displaced joints. When we are cold, muscles become more active to generate warmth. When it is really cold, we shiver.
We generate warmth for our internal organs by involuntarily tightening muscles that surround the abdomen and pelvis. Think about how often you’ve seen people tighten down and fold their arms over their abdomen when they are cold. Most of these trigger points around our internal organs generate pain into the low back, hips, and legs. If you like the coolness, leave your arms or legs uncovered but keep your internal organs warm with a light jacket or vest.
Keep your torso and hips warm to reduce back and hip pain in cold weather.
If you drop the thermostat in your house in winter, keep your torso warm with a robe. Keep your torso covered at night by wearing a nightshirt and bottoms or pulling the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.50333
Retrieved Text: "We are living in an age when sleep is more comfortable than ever, and yet more elusive," writes David Randall in Dreamland: Adventures in the Strange Science of Sleep. We spend about a third of our lives asleep or, at least, trying to sleep. In search of sleep, we're turning to prescription medications. But there is another way. Research has backed the following five tips.
Your body temperature plays a big role in getting a good night's rest. If you're going to have a shower before bed, make it a cold one. When we take a warm shower close to bed, we raise our body temperature, which naturally falls around 10 p.m. You simply can't get to sleep as easily if your body temperature is too warm.
Studies have shown that temperatures outside of this range lead people to become restless. When we're too hot or cold we become antsy, tossing and turning trying to get comfortable. And for those of you who sleep naked and without a sheet, research indicates an optimum room temperature between 86 and 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
The light from electronic devices messes with our sleep patterns. If you can't avoid using them, dim the brightness.
Exercise during the day, even a small amount, helps you fall asleep faster. This seems obvious, right? The more physically exhausted you are, the better you sleep? But it's more complicated than that. It turns out that it's not just about exercise, it's more about seeing yourself as a fit person that matters. If you lay down to sleep and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.446163
Retrieved Text: Give a Cold & Flu the Boot!
It’s that time of year again when cold and flu germs seem to run rampant. There are theories as to why the cold and flu virus is worse during the winter months and the main one is because the virus prefers cold, dry temperatures. Also, we tend to get less Vitamin D during this time, which may lower our immune defense even further. We also spend excessive time indoors with windows closed and that may just feed the virus even more.
There are certainly many debates as to whether or not the flu shot is a good option, and I personally have not had a flu shot in over 25 years. But wherever you stand, there are numerous natural remedies which work well to help you remain healthy and to give that potential cold and flu the boot!
Oil of Oregano – This is one herb that you don’t hear enough about but in my opinion is probably the most potent antibiotic in nature. This stuff works! Oregano has powerful antimicrobial and antibacterial properties, which have been shown to boost the immune system and fight bacteria, parasites, and fungus. Oregano oil contains over 50 active compounds with immune-boosting and germ-fighting properties, along with antioxidants such as Vitamin A and C, and minerals. During cold and flu season, use 3-5 drops of oil of oregano under the tongue once or twice per day followed by water to reduce your chance of getting an infection. It can also be used throughout the year whenever

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.396267
Retrieved Text: As we need warm clothes when the weather is going colder, it becomes harder to stay fashionable. However, despite the cold weather, you are going to get your desirable look and mood with fashionable and warm clothes offered by the brands located in Ganja Mall.
Plus, shopping in Ganja Mall has become more affordable with 70% sales of famous brands on winter collections.
Visit Ganja Mall, get the best out of fashionable deals!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.381315
Retrieved Text: In this session we take a look at drone and chanter reeds. What, when, and where do we adjust these reeds for optimal performance? We end the class by discussing tuning up and playing during the St. Partick's Day cold-weather season.
In this class Rob walks us through his reed manipulation techniques. With an understanding of how reeds are made anyone can become a confident reed manipulation expert!
In this class, we discuss several techniques for reed manipulation with one goal in mind: get your pipe chanter producing the best possible sound quality and intonation it can!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.372843
Retrieved Text: I rarely get sick, but in the past 3 months I found myself getting sick 3 times: two colds, and the swine flew over Christmas. Crazy! In bed sick on Christmas day…a first for me. This past week I came down with a cold that kicks you when your down. Sore throat, huge headache, and then the congestion that drops down into your chest. I guess I had become vulnerable from work, a training week of over 300 miles (with 150 of done in 2 days), not enough sleep, and many things weighing on my mind. Our bodies have amazing chemistry that can fend off anything when respected, but when violated, especially by a 49 yr old, the defense is down and open for the nearest bug. Then add on top of the that a week of rain and overcast….gloomy to say the least. Some how in moments like this you just aren’t living.
So Sunday, I wake up and the worst of the cold is over. The sun is out and my body is crying out to ride, my bike is sitting their lonely (if bikes get lonely) beckoning me to take it out. So get my bike stuff on, fill up the bottles, and stuff my pouches to head out on what I call a “snot ride”. Sorry for the graphic, but when one’s cold has passed, the first ride is that, literally, because the body is going to get it all out to restore itself.
The ride was amazing. Fresh legs (6 days off the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.367533
Retrieved Text: ...and sometimes you commit to doing roofing work when it's snowing outside, nothing really goes as smoothly as you thought it might, and then it turns out that the wood in the roof structure is so rotten that it's become mulch.
Today was cold. And a battle. But we made progress and overcame the unexpected challenges we discovered late in the game. We'll get everything buttoned up tomorrow, making this little sunroom roof watertight for the first time since, probably, ever.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.362408
Retrieved Text: Winter is coming! This means warm sweaters and cozying up to the fireplace on cold nights. But it can also mean adverse and even painful conditions for your teeth. If you’ve ever noticed that your teeth are more sensitive in cold weather, you aren’t imagining it.
Why Does Cold Weather Cause Tooth Sensitivity?
Your teeth expand and contract in response to cold and hot weather. This can lead to cracks in your enamel, which is the outer layer of the teeth. When the enamel erodes, it exposes the underlying layer of the teeth, the dentin. The dentin is covered in nerve fibers, and exposure to heat, cold, or acidic substances can cause pain and sensitivity. In Seattle, there’s not too much we can do about cooler temperatures and rainy weather. But there is something you can do to help reduce pain and sensitivity.
In order to do your part to prevent cold sensitivity in teeth, you need to prevent demineralization in the enamel so the dentin doesn’t become exposed. This is easily done by staying on top of your daily dental ritual. Flossing daily, brushing twice a day for 2 minutes, and not brushing too hard will all help. If you notice that cold brings you pain, we want you to call us. There are many ways we can treat this so it won’t happen again. Flouride treatments, protective sealants, and night guards can all reduce pain due to cooler weather and enamel erosion. You don’t have to suffer through winter tooth pain. Call today and we will get

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.346352
Retrieved Text: LeadPro is a software platform for sending laser targeted, personalized cold emails. Start for free today. All you need is a Google account.
Cold emailing is undoubtedly one of the most effective marketing methods out there, but sending cold emails takes a lot of time and it’s hard to craft truly effective emails. With LeadPro you can easily send 100% personalized cold emails in bulk.
All you need to get started with LeadPro is a Google account and a list of people that might be interested in your idea, product or company. The LeadPro platform helps you craft the perfect email with battle-proven templates for marketing, sales, PR, and various other purposes.
LeadPro is currently in beta. New features are added to the platform every week. Features on our roadmap include personalized landing pages, conversion tracking, custom integrations, A/B testing, and more.
LeadPro helps you effortlestly contact and engage with the right leads and close deals. With the LeadPro platform you finally have an unfair advantage over your competition when it comes to client aqcuisition and cold outreach.
With LeadPro it’s easier than ever before to reach marketing objectives through effective cold emails. Use the LeadPro tool to get content published, create buzz, handle PR and get in touch with the people that can make a difference to your brand.
You need to get the word out about your startup. LeadPro allows you to easily connect with potential investors, partners, customers and everyone else that might be the key to making your startup a raging success.
Isn't cold outreach dead? Is it still

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.30514
Retrieved Text: introduce to you is the by using starch. So where does starch normally come from?
So we can either use corn starch or potato starch.
normally use. And one thing.
That is, whenever we saw starch in our sauce recipe.
peppers. That is, in using as a thickener.
So, do you still remember, what starch making of?
by a single unit, so call the glucose.
So when the glucose molecule, when they link together.
In fact, it form a polymer. So this is what is the starch.
And starch, why it can serve as a thickener.
You used to remember, that is, by a process, so called gelatinization.
between the starch molecule, eventually, to form a complex network.
It become expand, and it trap water inside and thicken the sauce, what we prepared.
that is the starch, actually goes together?
We call this is lumping.
starch or use starch to prepare our sauce. We normally add hot water.
So when we add water directly into the starch powder.
Basically, it will come together.
in fact it can make the sauce what we prepare is become less viscous.
It's because the starch granule basically trapped inside the starch molecule.
In fact the water is really difficult to further get in.
So, it stop the process of gelatinization.
And because less starch can able to contribute to the gelatinization.
That means, to form the whole network.
So, in fact, the viscosity, then, will be reduced.
Because there is the amount of the starch that can able.
especially in terms of texture.
we got, we can taste loads of particles inside.
And the texture is really rough. And it's not smooth at all.
And how to avoid the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.254482
Retrieved Text: There are many different things that can cause sensitivity to your teeth. The cold weather is one of them. You may be wondering what you can do when the cold weather does hurt your teeth. How can you get the relief you need?
There are a few different things you can do to help ease the pain caused by sensitivity to cold weather. Here is more information on how to get relief when the cold winter air hurts your teeth.
One way to keep the cold air from hurting your sensitive teeth is to take preventive measures. During the cold winter months, try to breath in and out through your nose and keep your mouth closed when outside. By doing this, you will keep your teeth from being exposed to the cold air.
Another way to prevent your teeth from being sensitive to the cold winter air is to keep them healthy. You can do this by brushing at least twice per day, flossing normally, and seeing a dentist regularly.
If you start to have pain in your teeth from the cold air during the winter months, this could mean that the enamel and even the dentin in your teeth are starting to become exposed. If this is the case, you may want to make an appointment with your regular dentist and see if he or she can help you.
They will do a thorough examination and tell you why your teeth are hurting when the cold air hits them. They will also tell you what needs to be done to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.234545
Retrieved Text: Info on brown fat you should know.
Have you heard of brown fat? Sounds kinda gross, but we swear it’s not. Here’s the deal: The “bad” fat we’re all busting our butts at bootcamp to burn off is “white fat”—it basically exists to store calories (just in case we starve or something), and too much of it can raise our risk for diabetes and heart disease. But brown fat is actually cool—it stores calories for you to burn when you’re cold and your body needs to warm up, and possibly even to fuel exercise. The more brown fat you have, the theory goes, the slimmer you might get.
Anyway, a new study out this week in the journal Cell finds that exposure to cold could help your body turn white fat into brown-ish fat. (Whoa!) The study was done in mice, and the researchers found that when the mice’s white fat was exposed to cold, their immune systems sent out signaling proteins that pulled certain immune cells into the white fat—which in turn actually made the white fat cells beige and made them become little calorie-burning machines.
Research on brown (and beige!) fat is growing, so we’ll be looking forward to learning more about how we can grow our own brown fat stores. In the meantime, keep banging out those workouts—and it probably won’t hurt to take a summer dip in a cold pool (or hang around your window unit).
What’s the Right Temperature for Exercise?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.202341
Retrieved Text: Regardless of how cold it might get, the City of Lacombe reminds residents to make sure their extension cords don’t become a hazard for pedestrians.
That’s right – if you’re going to plug in your vehicle, make sure those electrical extension cords don’t run across public sidewalks.
“We do live in a harsh climate, but the need for people to start their vehicles in cold weather must be balanced with the need for pedestrian safety,” said Director of Corporate Services Diane Piche in a release.
In fact, residents must ensure that any extension cords they choose to use are suspended 2.4 metres – eight feet – above the sidewalk at any time of year, not just when it’s cold out.
Alternatives to running cords across sidewalks include creating a post that will aid in the suspension of the cords to the required 2.4-metre height.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.197
Retrieved Text: ntervinterview with Naoko Nishimura, Owner of "Trueberry"
Q. Why did you decide to open a juice stand?
I've been in the food service industry for a long time and knew this was path I wanted to take. I also enjoy healthy lifestyles including smoothies, cold-pressed juices, and gluten-free diets. I switched my diet when I was pregnant with my first child and wanted to share that experience with other people. I want to do something that creates a brighter future for my children. At the time I opened the first shop in Hiroo 2 years ago, there were not many cold-pressed juice bars in Tokyo but the number has increased since then.
Q. What kind of menu do you provide?
The Hiroo branch has the widest variety and serves vegan, gluten-free, and raw food menus in addition to cold-pressed juices and smoothies. Our newest Omotesando branch serves light meals too. There are 6 types of cold-pressed juices and 30 types of smoothies.
Q. What’s the concept of your store?
>Q. Who are your main customers?
Women in their 20s to 40s are my main customers. Cold-pressed juices could be pricy but I’m starting to see a wider range of customers including male customers.
Q. How do you see the cold-pressed juice market?
I'm seeing more and more juice bars opening in Tokyo and there’s no doubt that it will become the new standard in the future. It’s a special market right now, but more people will shift their lifestyles and start taking in smoothies and juices into their diet.
Q. How are the ingredients supplied?
We get

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.170942
Retrieved Text: The Starfleet Academy Toddler Tee is perfect for any kids who want to follow in the footsteps of Wesley Crusher, Naomi Wildman, Icheb, and Nog. Or for their parents, who are still mad that we don't have replicators.
Wesley Crusher knew it. Nog knew it. Naomi Wildman knew it. Icheb knew it.
Your child knows it too: "When I grow up, I'm going to Starfleet Academy."
When your ThinkGeek writers were young, the NES was advanced technology, Mr. Fusion was a dream, and we were sure that we would live to see space travel become commonplace. Alas, that hasn't happened yet.
However, when we look down at our little monkeys, we still want the ideals of Starfleet to become reality in their lives. We want to see them seek out new life forms and new civilizations. We want them to invent propulsion without combustion, work without poverty, transportation without pollution, and replicators.
We really, really want replicators.
Get this shirt for your kids, your friends' kids, and their friends' kids. Pass the dream down to the next generation, and beyond. This is a heather grey 50% cotton / 50% polyester toddler tee. Machine wash, cold, gentle cycle. Tumble dry low. Imported.

================



======= Instance Index 967 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are less gravity or more gravity ):

Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity between them.


A planet that is larger has less gravity or more gravity?

Target Text: more gravity

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.135567
Retrieved Text: satellite, natural, celestial body orbiting a planet, dwarf planet, asteroid, or star of a larger size. The most familiar natural satellite is the earth's moon ; thus, satellites of other planets are often referred to as moons. Within the solar system the earth's moon is the largest satellite in relation to its planet and Charon is even larger relative to the dwarf planet Pluto, although neither is the largest in actual size. The largest natural satellite, Jupiter's Ganymede, is 3,268 mi (5,262 km) in diameter, and it and Saturn's Titan are both larger than the planet Mercury. In comparison, some satellites are quite small, e.g., Deimos, the outer satellite of Mars, is c.4 mi (6 km) in diameter. Neither of the inferior planets, Mercury or Venus, has a known satellite; all of the superior planets (those whose orbits lie beyond the orbit of the earth) have at least two known satellites ( Mars , 2; Jupiter , 63; Saturn , 61; Uranus , 27; Neptune , 13). A number of satellites, e.g., Phoebe of Saturn, Triton of Neptune, and most of the small outer moons of Jupiter and Uranus, have retrograde motion and may be asteroids that were captured by the planet's gravitation. The asteroid Ida has a tiny moon, Dactyl, that is about a mile (1.6 km) in diameter and orbits about 60 mi (97 km) above Ida's surface.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.124643
Retrieved Text: The closest rocky planet outside our solar system, which is larger than Earth and the potential gold mine of science data. Even though it is too much hot to visit, and it significantly closer than Kepler but it’s 21 light years away from Earth. The new horizons probe of Nasa has famed for taking recent stunning pictures of Pluto.
If you were on a spaceship and going fast, it’d take you just over 387,000 years to get to HD 219134b from planet Earth. Michael Werner, who is the project scientist for the Spitzer mission at Nasa. He said that, “this exoplanet will be one of the most studied for decades to come.” This exoplanet has been tipped as a perfect observation subject by James Webb Space Telescope of Nasa, which will be launched in 2018. Complex observations into this exoplanet have unveiled that, it is around 4.5 times heavier than planet Earth.
By observing the planet when it passes in front of its star, scientists can observe minor changes in the light, caused by the differing reflections of different chemicals in its atmosphere. Planets like this one belong to a growing list of planets called ‘super Earths’ planets that are similar in makeup but slightly larger than our own planet, a category that includes Kepler 452b. It is also around 1.6 times larger than Earth, and by combining the estimated size and mass, scientists have figured out its density, concluding that the planet is rocky, like our planet and not icy, or gaseous. Even though the planet is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.998892
Retrieved Text: A “super-Earth” in Pisces may well be one of the most massive planets discovered to date. Although it is slightly larger than Earth, it’s weight is eight times that of Earth. At this point not much more is known about these planets, but scientists are eager to discover more. If they are like Earth they will have a dense rocky core. If the core is small, they may be similar to our planet, Neptune, which has a large gaseous envelope surrounding its core and is considered to be an ice giant planet.
The scientists expect their study of these new planets’ composition will take months or years, and that will be just the first step in discovering more about them.
The first step to understanding their formation is to determine their compositions. Are they rocky, like Earth, or do they have smaller cores surrounded by large, gaseous envelopes, like the ice giant Neptune? But “usually, if a transiting planet is detected, it takes months if not a year or more to gather enough observations to measure its mass,” says Johanna Teske.
The researchers used PFS’s data to compare the planets’ radii to that of Earth, and found that planet b is 1.64 times larger, planet c is 1.29 times larger, and planet d is 2.08 times larger. Based on this, they were able to test a trend observed among exoplanets: If a planet’s radius is more than 1.7 times that of Earth, it tends to be an ice giant, and if it’s smaller, it tends to be rocky. When

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.979553
Retrieved Text: NASA’s Kepler satellite has found an Earth size planet in its star’s Goldilocks Zone. This is the first habitable zone Earth size planet found so far; all the previous ones were much larger than Earth. Kepler-186f orbits a star about 500 light years away in the constellation Cygnus. The star (Kepler-186) is an M class red dwarf. The planet is on the outside of the habitable zone, so it’s probably fairly cold, but that really depends on the atmosphere. So far all we really know about the planet is that it’s just a little larger than Earth, and is probably rocky (not a gas giant). Due to its orbit close to the star, it probably has a long day, as long as our week or month.
This link on How close are we to finding extraterrestrial life? has some good notes on the types of planets Kepler has found and how new telescopes will help the search.
This entry was posted in Science and tagged astronomy, exoplanets, space by Chris Riley. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.883059
Retrieved Text: This is an artist's rendering of what Kepler 452-b might look like.
NASA's Kepler spacecraft has spotted something pretty nifty: "Earth's bigger, older cousin."
The Earth-size planet, Kepler-452b, was found circling a sun-like star in an orbit that takes 385 days. The planet is located solidly in the star's "habitable zone," the distance from the star that means the planet has a chance of having liquid water that could actually sustain life and everything. The confirmation of Kepler-452b brings the total number of confirmed planets to 1,030, according to a NASA release.
"On the 20th anniversary year of the discovery that proved other suns host planets, the Kepler exoplanet explorer has discovered a planet and star which most closely resemble the Earth and our Sun," John Grunsfeld, associate administrator of NASA’s Science Mission Directorate, stated. “This exciting result brings us one step closer to finding an Earth 2.0."
Yup, that's right, the whole point of the Kepler mission is to find the next bigger and better Earth. This planet is the closest in size and possibilities to Earth so far. The planet is 60 percent larger in diameter than Earth and there's a decent chance that it will have a rocky terrain much like our own. Kepler-452 is 6 billion years old, 1.5 billion years older than our sun, has the same temperature, and is 20 percent brighter and has a diameter 10 percent larger. Cool, right?
So yeah, NASA has now found a planet located about 1,400 light-years from Earth in the constellation Cygnus, and it might be able to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.807268
Retrieved Text: How are the rings of planets formed and what are they made out of?
The rings around planets like Jupiter and Saturn (yes Jupiter has rings!) are made up of bits of ice and rock.
They form when asteroids,comets, or any other large objects pass too close to the planet and are torn apart by the planet's gravity. There is a point around the planets called the Roche Limit. This is the point where gravity will tear apart an incoming object, and prevent the particles from re-accreting back into a larger object.
Essentially, rings are just thousands of tiny moonlets that orbit a planet and don't clump back into larger objects.
There is a problem, however, if the debris orbiting a planet orbits too closely. Because gravitational force varies with distance, the different accelerations between two points at different distances from a massive object create a tidal force that has a stretching effect on nearby objects. This force from the Sun and Moon creates tides on opposite sides of the Earth, for example. When the tidal force is large enough, it overcomes the gravitational forces trying to bring individual particles together. Within a given distance from a planet, called its 'Roche Limit', tidal forces prevent debris from aggregating into larger bodies.
Planetary rings, then, consist of millions of separate small rock and ice particles, each maintaining their own orbit around the host planet. From a distance, these small orbiting particles only APPEAR to be a continuous, solid ring.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.155027
Retrieved Text: So if anyone has been reading he news lately they are likely aware that Pluto, our farthest and smallest “Planet”, has been demoted out of the solar system. No no it has not been voted off as the weakest link but rather changed. During the annual International Astronomical Union conference this year the astronomical community voted to change the definition of what a planet is. This is due to two recent discoveries of planets that have an orbit around the sun, and whose masses are larger than Pluto.
The debate has waged since 2003 on whether we should include the celestial body known as Xena as the 10th planet or should we demote Pluto. It is also important to keep in mind that Pluto is smaller than our moon, so it is a very small object on the scale of out solar system. So at the conference they voted to demote the planet to a “Dwarf Planet” and include two new bodies “Xena and Ceres” as Dwarf Planets. This only makes sense, as you cannot ignore to objects that fit the traditional definition of a planet, and are larger than our smallest family member is.
is not a satellite of a planet, or other nonstellar body.
But already opposition has started in the media. The CBC has run an article where NASA officials refer to this decision as bad science and sloppy. Of course, they consider their selves as the top officials in space, even though a manned moon mission has not been attempted since 1972 and in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.020271
Retrieved Text: The quest for a twin Earth is heating up. Using NASA's Kepler spacecraft, astronomers are beginning to find Earth-sized planets orbiting distant stars. A new analysis of Kepler data shows that about 17 percent of stars have an Earth-sized planet in an orbit closer than Mercury. Since the Milky Way has about 100 billion stars, there are at least 17 billion Earth-sized worlds out there.
Francois Fressin, of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA), presented the analysis today in a press conference at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Long Beach, Calif. A paper detailing the research has been accepted for publication in The Astrophysical Journal.
Kepler detects planetary candidates using the transit method, watching for a planet to cross its star and create a mini-eclipse that dims the star slightly. The first 16 months of the survey identified about 2,400 candidates. Astronomers then asked, how many of those signals are real, and how many planets did Kepler miss?
By simulating the Kepler survey, Fressin and his colleagues were able to correct both the impurity and the incompleteness of this list of candidates to recover the true occurrence of planets orbiting other stars, down to the size of Earth.
"There is a list of astrophysical configurations that can mimic planet signals, but altogether, they can only account for one-tenth of the huge number of Kepler candidates. All the other signals are bona-fide planets," says Fressin.
Altogether, the researchers found that 50 percent of stars have a planet of Earth-size or larger in a close orbit. By adding larger planets,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.897081
Retrieved Text: alliance_maximum 30 This is the maximum number of Alliance NPC players to have in the game.
alliance_minimum 10 This is the minimum number of Alliance NPC players to have in the game.
bounty_multiplier_increase 1 Each time a player gets a bounty the bounty multiplier is increased by this amount.
fed_bounty_count 0 When the player gets this number of bounties only the Federation can collect them until the federation bounty period expires.
fed_bounty_delay 0.0004 How quickly the Fed Only Bounty Collection counts down. Calculation is ((bounty count / fed_bounty_delay) * ticks) / 60 / 60 = days to clear fed only bounty IE: ((1 / 0.0004) * 5) / 60 / 60 = 3.47 days to clear one fed only bounty.
fed_collection_start 1 When a player gets this many unpaid bounties the federation/alliance will start attacking the players ship.
fed_collection_start2 1 When a player gets this many bounties on the bounty counter the federation/alliance will attack the players ship once a day until the counter goes below this value.
fed_collection_start3 3 When a player gets this many bounties on the bounty cpunter the federation/alliance will remove the most expensive ship the player owns every day and decrement the counter by 1 until it is below this value.
fed_collection_start4 4 When a player gets this many bounties on the bounty counter the federation/alliance will remove the most expensive ship the player owns and when Pioneers are the only ships left planets will be removed every time they attack a bountied player until the bounty counter goes below the fed_collection_start3 value.
fed_collection_start5 5 When a player gets this

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.840729
Retrieved Text: In the various discussions about the dynamics of the potentially habitable planet around Gliese 581, the issue of tide-locking comes up. How do we know that a planet like this may face this problem? It's closer to the parent star, of course, but the star is a lot less massive as well.
It turns out it's not too hard to estimate the tidal forces, at least at the order-of-magnitude level, for a clone of Earth put around another star. More details below.
Gliese 581, a red dwarf star already known to have at least one other planet, has a potentially habitable planet. It's somewhat larger than Earth (about 5 times as massive), and its average temperature appears to be well within the liquid range for water.
First off, this detection is amazing. Just finding something like this is a challenge; most exoplanets are much more massive, making them that much easier to detect. And then there's the question on everyone's mind: Is this planet truly Earthlike? It's reasonably sized, and could have the right temperature, but beyond that, it's really hard to answer. For one thing, it already has a massive planet, about the mass of Neptune, orbiting even closer still. This complicates the system's dynamics significantly. The smaller planet's orbit is obviously stable in the long term, but even small orbit changes can have significant effects on a planet's climate. As far as I can tell, this is still an open question; astronomers haven't really figured out whether or not a large planet like this would make the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.745386
Retrieved Text: Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun and the second largest planet in the Solar System, after Jupiter. Named after the Roman god of agriculture, Saturn, its astronomical symbol (♄) represents the god’s sickle. Saturn is a gas giant with an average radius about nine times that of Earth. While only one-eighth the average density of Earth, with its larger volume Saturn is just over 95 times more massive.
Saturn’s interior is probably composed of a core of iron, nickel and rock (silicon and oxygen compounds), surrounded by a deep layer of metallic hydrogen, an intermediate layer of liquid hydrogen and liquid helium and an outer gaseous layer. The planet exhibits a pale yellow hue due to ammonia crystals in its upper atmosphere. Electrical current within the metallic hydrogen layer is thought to give rise to Saturn’s planetary magnetic field, which is slightly weaker than Earth’s and around one-twentieth the strength of Jupiter’s. The outer atmosphere is generally bland and lacking in contrast, although long-lived features can appear. Wind speeds on Saturn can reach 1,800 km/h (1,100 mph), faster than on Jupiter, but not as fast as those on Neptune.
Saturn has a prominent ring system that consists of nine continuous main rings and three discontinuous arcs, composed mostly of ice particles with a smaller amount of rocky debris and dust. Sixty-two known moons orbit the planet; fifty-three are officially named. This does not include the hundreds of “moonlets” comprising the rings. Titan, Saturn’s largest and the Solar System’s second largest moon, is larger than the planet

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.643753
Retrieved Text: Veg Planet in Mumbai. Chinese Restaurants with Address, Contact Number, Photos, Maps. View Veg Planet, Mumbai on Live Review.
Established in the year 2017, Veg Planet in Kharghar, Mumbai is a top player in the category Chinese Restaurants in the Mumbai. This well-known establishment acts as a one-stop destination servicing customers both local and from other parts of Mumbai. Over the course of its journey, this business has established a firm foothold in it’s industry. The belief that customer satisfaction is as important as their products and services, have helped this establishment garner a vast base of customers, which continues to grow by the day. This business employs individuals that are dedicated towards their respective roles and put in a lot of effort to achieve the common vision and larger goals of the company. In the near future, this business aims to expand its line of products and services and cater to a larger client base. In Mumbai, this establishment occupies a prominent location in Kharghar. It is an effortless task in commuting to this establishment as there are various modes of transport readily available. It is at Sector 1, Near Kharghar Railway Station, which makes it easy for first-time visitors in locating this establishment. It is known to provide top service in the following categories: Pure Veg Restaurants, Restaurants, Banquet Halls.
Veg Planet in Kharghar has a wide range of products and services to cater to the varied requirements of their customers. The staff at this establishment are courteous and prompt at providing any assistance. They readily

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.595963
Retrieved Text: NASA’ Former chief operating officer in Spain Carlos González Pintado says there could be life on Kepler-452b — the newly remarkable world discovered by NASA’ kepler mission — given its characteristics.
Kepler-452b is located 1,400 light-years away from us and it has some intriguing features very similar to our own blue planet.
Kepler 452b, which is about 60% larger in diameter than Earth, is located in the constellation Cygnus. Based on its size, scientists believe that Kepler-452b is a rocky world though this theory is based on statistical analysis and computer models not on direct evidence.
said Pintado in an interview.
mathematically speaking, there’s high possibility that could be intelligent life on kepler-452b.
said Seth Shostak ~ one of the researchers involved in the discovery.
Personally, given the line of work I’m in, I think that’s a very encouraging thing.
Each one we find helps us to answer the question of what fraction of the sky has planets that are cousins of our own. That fraction is looking pretty promising. It’s not one in a million. It’s not one in a thousand … It may be more like one in two or one in five.
♦ It’s the smallest exoplanet discovered to date discovered orbiting in the habitable zone of a G2-class star just like the Earth and the Sun.
♦ Kepler-452b is 60 percent larger in diameter than Earth and is considered a super-Earth-size planet. It’s likely rocky.
♦ While Kepler-452b is larger than Earth, its 385-day orbit is only 5 percent longer.
♦ The planet is 5 percent farther from its parent star Kepler-452 than

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.554792
Retrieved Text: Excluding Pluto, which planet has the most non-circular elliptical orbit around the sun ?
How far from the Sun is Neptune approximately ?
Neptune appears which distinctive colour ?
How many years does it take Neptune to orbit the Sun ?
The volume of the sun is approximately how many times larger than that of Earth ?
Moving away from earth which planet is found after Jupiter, Saturn & Uranus ?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.538012
Retrieved Text: 3. K-III: The squares of the periods are as the cubes of the major axes of the ellipses.
In August, MIT researchers identified an exoplanet with an extremely brief orbital period: The team found that Kepler 78b, a small, intensely hot planet 700 light-years from Earth, circles its star in just 8.5 hours—lightning-quick, compared with our own planet’s leisurely 365-day orbit. From starlight data gathered by the Kepler Space Telescope, the scientists also determined that the exoplanet is about 1.2 times Earth’s size—making Kepler 78b one of the smallest exoplanets ever measured.
Winn and his colleagues, including lead author Andrew Howard, of the University of Hawaii, publish their results this week in the journal Nature. The group’s results appear in the same issue as a paper published by a separate group in Geneva, reporting similar results—scientific agreement that Winn says adds confidence to the mass measurement.
Winn and his colleagues looked to measure Kepler 78’s Doppler shift by analyzing observations from the Keck Observatory in Hawaii—one of the largest telescopes in the world. The team analyzed starlight data taken over a period of eight days. Despite the telescope’s strength, the signal from the star was incredibly faint, making a daunting task for the scientists.
Sanchis-Ojeda was able to solve this puzzle by taking into account Kepler 78’s rotational period. By tracking the frequency at which certain starspots reappeared, Sanchis-Ojeda determined that the star completes a full rotation every 12.5 days—considerably longer than the planet’s orbital period of 8.5 hours. From these measurements, Sanchis-Ojeda was able to calculate the star’s true

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.531155
Retrieved Text: Planet Around Star - Universe Galaxies And Stars Section.
Baby Planet around a star Puzzles Astronomers.
planet around a star Image credit: NASA/JPL.
In June, researchers from the University of Rochester discovered a planet around a star so young that it shouldn't exist according to existing theories of planetary formation. Further observations have backed up the discovery; there's definitely a planet there which is only 100,000 to 500,000 years old. This is much too young for either of the established theories of planetary formation. In the "core accretion" model, larger and larger chunks of rock smash together for 10 million years until a large planet is formed. In the "gravitational instability" model, a cloud of material pulls together into a planet by its own gravity; this is faster, but still not fast enough to explain how the planet got there.
Intriguingly, working from the original team's data, Frank, Alice Quillen, Eric Blackman, and Peggy Varniere revealed that the planet was likely smaller than most extra-solar planets discovered thus far - about the size of Neptune. The data also suggested that this planet is about the same distance from its parent star as our own Neptune is from the Sun. Most extra-solar planets discovered to date are much larger and orbit extremely close to their parent star.
The discovered gap strongly signaled the presence of a planet. The dust in the disk is hotter in the center near the star and so radiates most of its light at shorter wavelengths than the cooler outer reaches of the disk. The research team found

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.508799
Retrieved Text: What is the major axis.
The line that runs through both foci of an ellipse (cuts an ellipse in half).
The first person to observe the four moons around Jupiter.
The only dwarf planet located between Mars and Jupiter.
The belief that the Earth orbits the Sun.
What is Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars.
What is the semi-major axis.
Represents the average distance of a planet from the Sun. Half the major axis.
This dwarf planet is larger than Pluto and was discovered in 2003.
The belief that the Sun orbits the Earth.
What is Venus and Uranus.
Name the two planets which experience retrograde rotation.
What is Kepler's first law.
This law states that the orbit of each planet is on an ellipse.
What is the asteroid belt.
Ceres is located in this region of space, between Mars and Jupiter.
What is the Astronomical Unit.
A unit of measurement used to measure distances within the solar system. Also, the average distance between Earth and the Sun.
What is the orbital period of the planet.
what is the variable P?
What is Kepler's third law.
This law states that the orbital period squared equals the semi-major axis cubed.
Proposed that the planets orbited on perfect circles, which influenced centuries of astronomers to believe the same.
What is the Kuiper Belt.
Pluto is located in this region of space, past Neptune.
The apparent backward motion of a planet.
What is the semi major axis.
what is the variable A?
What is Kepler's second law.
This law states that an imaginary line sweeps out equal areas in equal time.
Created a system of circles on circles to explain the apparent backward motion of the planets.
What is "clearing the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.470081
Retrieved Text: Do you like Earth? Yeah, it’s pretty neat, huh? Well despite living on a planet as awesome as our own, astronomers are super eager to find more Earths, just for fun. A planet called Gliese 1132 B (GJ 1132b if you feel like making it slightly shorter) is one such planet. It’s called a “Super Earth” because it’s larger than our own planet, but is thought to be made of similar stuff, and researchers just discovered something extremely awesome that makes GJ 1132b the most Earth-like exoplanet humans have ever found: it has an atmosphere.
Finding planets in the depths of space that bear similarities to Earth is a long and complicated process. First we have to find the planet itself, then we have to determine its size, take an educated guess as to what it’s made out of, and figure out how far away it sits from its star. If all of those tests, readings, and measurements come back in the right neighborhood, scientists have to determine if the world has an atmosphere, because without that there’s essentially zero chance that life is or could be supported on its surface.
GJ 1132b has managed to make it past all of those hurdles, but even that strict criteria doesn’t confirm the planet’s ability to host living things. The planet is thought to be quite hot, with temperatures at or above those of Venus, which is hundreds of degrees hotter than Earth. If life does exist on the planet, it could be dramatically different from anything humans have ever

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.455784
Retrieved Text: Meet The New Dwarf Planet That Was Discovered In Our Solar System!
There's still so much we don't know about our solar system, and as it slowly reveals more of its secrets we can't help but be star dazed. The newest information is on the discovery of a very distant dwarf planet that can help us understand how planets are formed. Meet DeeDee!
Distant Dwarf, or DeeDee for short, is located really far from our planet.
At a far corner of the solar system, DeeDee is a very important discovery for science. We received the first signals related to it in 2016 but we knew too little about its physical structure.
The Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) radio telescopes recently made new observations that excited scientists.
Because apparently DeeDee is a much larger object than what was previously thought and it's very surprising that it wasn't observed up to this day. Unfortunately, DeeDee doesn't fully meet the scientists' requirements to become the 9th planet of the Solar System.
DeeDee is 2/3 the size of Ceres, the largest dwarf planet in the solar system.
Just like Ceres, the largest member of the asteroid belt, DeeDee has a big enough mass to make it globe shaped. That's why it's considered to be a dwarf planet rather than an asteroid. But we still need to wait for its official categorization and naming.
DeeDee's distance to the Sun is about 85 billion miles (137 billion kilometers).
It takes 13 hours for the sun rays to reach DeeDee. That makes it the dwarf planet farthest from the Sun, after Eris.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.413774
Retrieved Text: When astronomers announced the discovery of UB313, the so-called tenth planet, a little more than a year ago, they had a hunch it might be bigger than Pluto because of its brightness. But despite several attempts to observe more closely the mysterious object orbiting the sun at a distance of more than 14 billion kilometers, accurate estimates of its size remained elusive. Now German astronomers working in Spain have determined that UB313 has a diameter of roughly 3,000 kilometers--roughly 700 kilometers larger than Pluto's.
Frank Bertoldi of the University of Bonn in Germany and his colleagues used the IRAM 30-meter telescope in the Sierra Nevada mountains of southern Spain to observe UB313 in the infrared range. Because visual brightness alone is not an accurate indicator of size--it could result from the body's surface being either actually large or mirrorlike--the researchers made observations in wavelengths longer than those of visible light. Outside the range of visible light, the scientists could measure the amount of light the object absorbs and then radiates back as heat. By combining the infrared and visible measurements, they could then determine the object's size and its overall reflectivity, or albedo. Based on observations made over nine nights in August 2005, the team reports, UB313 appears to have a diameter of between 3,094 and 2,859 kilometers. Even the smallest size in that range would make the candidate planet's diameter more than 500 kilometers larger than Pluto's.
These calculations rely on several assumptions, however, such as UB313 lacking an atmosphere that would either reflect more light or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.365513
Retrieved Text: When Galileo first peered through his telescope at Jupiter in 1610, he was shocked to see that the planet was not alone—it was orbited by four moons, a fact that upended then-current theories of astronomy. Imagine how surprised he would be today to know that the Solar System’s largest planet is now known to have 79 satellites.
Ian Sample at The Guardian reports the discovery of 12 new moons orbiting the gas giant, including one oddball flying in the wrong direction.
The new moons, reported in The International Astronomical Union’s Minor Planet Center’s Electronic Circular, were first found by a team of U.S. astronomers in March 2017 while they searched the skies for signs of Planet 9, a hypothesized ninth planet orbiting the sun far beyond Neptune. Kenneth Chang at The New York Times reports that Jupiter was scheduled to pass through their search area, so astronomer Scott S. Sheppard of the Carenegie Institution for Science and his team thought the gas giant was worth a quick look, training the Magellan Telescope at the Las Campanas Observatory in Chile on the area. What they found were 12 new moons orbiting the planet.
The new moons are small, reports Ben Guarino at The Washington Post, most less than two miles in diameter, a fraction of the size of Jupiter’s four inner Galilean moons, one of which is larger than the planet Mercury. Nine of the new moons are clustered in the outer swarm of Jupiter’s moons and have roughly 2-year-long retrograde orbits, meaning they’re going the opposite direction of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.358337
Retrieved Text: Antimatter: the opposite of normal matter. Not usually found outside of a laboratory. When mixed with matter they cancel each other out and release lots of energy.
Arachnoid: a scientific term for something shaped like a spider, like the legend of the weaving contest.
Asteroid: a large rocky object that orbits a star, but is too small to be a planet. It is found in space.
Astronomer: a person who studies stars and planets. Also a person who explores new planets and solar systems.
Astronaut: a person who travels beyond the atmosphere of the Earth.
Atmosphere: a layer of gases around a planet.
Atom: a very tiny particle that is the basic building block of matter. It is the tiniest thing on Earth.
Basalt lava: molten basalt, a kind of rock from a volcano.
Belt: A name used for bands of dark-colored cloud layers on Jupiter.
Binoculars: a folding pair of small telescopes with an eyepiece for each eye.
Carbon dioxide: a gas that animals breathe out and plants take in.
Carbonaceous chondrite: A type of meteorite that contains a lot of water and organic compounds.
Centaur: an icy planetoid that orbits the Sun between Jupiter and Neptune.
Channel: a groove in the surface of something.
Comet: a small icy object orbiting a star.
Conjunction: when two objects orbiting the same body come closest together.
Continent: a huge landmass on a planet, usually made of tectonic plates that have locked together.
Convection: a type of movement in a gas or liquid that carries heat toward a cooler location. When the gas or liquid cools, it sinks back down again.
Core: the center of a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.341095
Retrieved Text: Warning. The following is brutally honest.
Firstly, how do I think my UROS went? Pretty bad. However, I learned a lot! A lot about my own skills and attributes. A lot about planet J1407b. And a lot about the horrors of using C++.
Let me start with what I actually had to do. The project was called ‘Numerical Modelling of the Exoring System Around the Exoplanet J1407b.’ Planet J1407b can be found near the Centaurus constellation, approximately 433 light years away. That is 4.10×1018 metres, which is an unfathomable number. The planet’s “funky name” is an exoplanet, meaning it orbits another star other than our own. Like our planet, it is theorized that J1407b has a moon. Only this moon carves its way through a ring system, 200 times larger than Saturn’s!
Following this, I created a plot of gap width against the mass of the moon. To summarise, as expected, the larger the moon, the larger the gap in the exoring it creates. One of the problems with creating a graph on C++ is that the scaling can be a bit too large. This means that when looking at the graph, you can see a general trend, but not individual values accurately. So, although C++ is great for quickly doing repetitive calculations, graphs are not its strong point… Although, it could be my skills still needing improvement!
The final task was to create another graph of the orbital period of the moon at 0.4AU away from the planet, with respect to the mass of the J1407b. This ensures that

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.33967
Retrieved Text: hrm yes, I notice it now.. Not sure how i overlooked them before.
But still - Why do you have fighters then?
They protect my home hq from bombers that slip past my defenses.
Ok I happened to take over the planet Mafi. The Planet is high in Metal Deposits and is neccesary for a defensive barrier.
With the marauders help, I was able to overun their defences fairly easy. I am also one planet away from taking over all adjacent planets to complete my defensive barrier for my homeplanet. It should be fairly easy, considering that it only has half the units that I have to attack.
I have finaly destroyed all hostile ships on Murdoch. Due to a 505 Cross Planet Attack, I forced my production of ships into dangerous levels.....however, I was able to blow away the attack extremely easily(505? seriously, is that all they got?). My fleet is now much larger than before, but I am afraid that it is still relatively small(roughly around 700 ships).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.308142
Retrieved Text: Since Earth is the only known inhabited planet and we happen to live here, it’s only natural to regard it as the ideal place for life to exist, and to assume that another life-bearing planet would be fairly similar. However, that is not the opinion of scientists René Heller and John Armstrong who contend that there might be a planet even more suitable for life than Earth 4.3 light years away orbiting the star Alpha Centauri B.
The nice thing about having a hypothetical “superhabitable” planet revolving around Alpha Centauri B, which is part of a triple star system, is that it makes it a lot easier to indulge in a bit of a thought experiment based on the arguments put forward by Heller, of the Department of Physics and Astronomy, McMaster University, Hamilton in Ontario, Canada, and Armstrong, of the Department of Physics, Weber State University in Ogden, Utah.
Imagine we’re in a spaceship approaching the planet in question. The first thing we’d notice is that its sun isn't a familiar yellow. Instead, it’s orange. That’s because where our Sun is a yellow G2 star, Alpha Centauri B is a K-type dwarf star, hence the orange tinge.
If you want a habitable planet, you need the right sun. The longer a sun lives and remains stable, the longer life has to emerge and evolve. If the sun in question is too large, then it will have a very short life. If it’s too small, it might last a long time, but the planet will have to be very

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.295631
Retrieved Text: WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT MERCURY?
It is the smallest planet in our solar system - only slightly larger than the Earth's moon.
On its sunward half, the planet sizzles at a temperature of 510°C (950°CF while its night side maintains –210°C (–346°F).
It is the closest planet to the sun at a distance of about 36 million miles (58 million km) or 0.39 AU.
Mercury has a solid iron core that measures more than half the planet's diameter. Earth, by contrast, has a solid core that's just 9.5 per cent of its overall girth.
One day on Mercury takes 59 Earth days. Mercury makes a complete orbit around the sun (a year in Mercury time) in just 88 Earth days.
BepiColombo is due to be launched from the European space port at Kourou, French Guiana, at 02:45 UK time (21:45 ET) on Saturday October 20.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.261154
Retrieved Text: DTFizzix Science News: Earth's Twin Found?
This news from NASA' Kepler Planet-finding Mission: Kepler Mission has confirmed the existence of an "earth-like" planet in our Galactic Backyard. This is just one of many possible planets they have found within the "habitable zone," or "Goldilocks Zone", the region around a star where liquid water could easily exist on a rocky planet's surface. Kepler has discovered more than 1,000 new planet candidates, nearly doubling the previously known count. Ten of these candidates are "near-Earth-size" and orbit in the habitable zone of their host star. Candidates require follow-up observations to verify they are actual planets and not just balls of gas or dwarfs.
According to Science News 12/05/2011 ; "The newly confirmed planet, Kepler-22b, is the smallest yet found to orbit in the middle of the habitable zone of a star similar to our sun. The planet is about 2.4 times the radius of Earth. Scientists don't yet know if Kepler-22b has a predominantly rocky, gaseous or liquid composition, but its discovery is a step closer to finding Earth-like planets. Kepler-22b is located 600 light-years away. While the planet is larger than Earth, its orbit of 290 days around a sun-like star resembles that of our world. The planet's host star belongs to the same class as our sun, called G-type, although it is slightly smaller and cooler."

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.19461
Retrieved Text: Astronomers have made an exceptional discovery by figuring out a secret planetary system 21 light years from earth that includes three super-Earths and one giant planet. The planetary system named HD219134 in the constellation Cassiopeia has one outer giant planet and three inner super-Earths, one among which is known as HD219134b. It transits in front of a star and is by far the closest transiting planet.
The star on the other hand is a 5th magnitude K dwarf which is slightly colder and less massive than the sun. It is visible with naked eye all year round. The three planets in HD219134 has a configuration which is similar to our solar system i.e. they are mostly rocky. The discovery was made by HARPS-N telescope in Spain’s La Palma Island. Astronomers upon realising the presence of three planets sought help from NASA’s Spitzer space telescope that helped them determine the mass and density of HD219134b.
The mass density of HD219134b is 4.5 times than that of earth whereas its mean density is more or less similar to earth. The planet is 1.6 times larger than earth and thus the name super-Earth. Scientists are yet to ascertain details of other planets.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.174088
Retrieved Text: The Backstreet Boys are the new kings of Las Vegas. On Wednesday night in Sin City, the Boys kicked off the final run of dates in their Larger Than Life residency at Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood, but were interrupted onstage for a special presentation. Clark County Commissioner Jim Gibson presented the group with the keys to the Las Vegas Strip, and declared Wednesday, April 10 as Backstreet Boys Day. Tomorrow, the boy band will put their hand prints in cement inside Planet Hollywood, and at that ceremony, they’ll present Boys & Girls Clubs of Southern Nevada with a donation check. Since Larger Than Life began in 2017, a dollar from every ticket has been earmarked for the organization. Adding to the festivities is the fact that Friday, April 12 just happens to be the 20th anniversary of the day the group’s signature hit “I Want It That Way” was released. The Boys wrap up their residency for good on April 27, and then head out on their DNA World Tour, which starts May 11 in Portugal.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.163704
Retrieved Text: A planet is a celestial body, directly orbiting a star, not sufficiently massive enough to generate photons in the range of visible light, but larger than a comet or asteroid. On both ends of the mass spectrum, it is a subjective call whether a body is a planet or not.
Planets can have atmospheres ranging from thick to none, and they can have lesser bodies orbiting them as satellites. The largest satellite (Ganymede) of the largest planet (Jupiter) is bigger than the smallest planet (Mercury). Humans have taken close-up photographs of all the planets in the Solar System with probes.
Pluto isn't a planet, however. Some people decided it, plainly and simply, sucked too much to be a legitimate planet. Sorry Hades.
The four rocky planets of our solar system.
A rocky planet, also called terrestrial planet is a planet made primarily of rock and often with metallic cores. According to theories on the development of solar systems and observations of our own, this is because heavier elements stay close to the centre of the solar system, close to the star, and form planets there. Rocky planets are one of two types of planets, the other being the Gas Giants where the atmosphere composes the majority of the planet's volume, rather than just a thin skin close to the surface. Rocky planets can also be classed as dwarf planets like Pluto when they're too small to be classed as actual planets.
In our solar system, the inner planets (Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars) are rocky planets. The famous exoplanet Gliese 581c

================



======= Instance Index 282 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are faster or slower ):

If the gas is cooled, the particles will move more slowly, because they will have less energy.


When we get warm we become faster or slower?

Target Text: faster

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.540154
Retrieved Text: With the coldest week of the winter so far, now behind us, most of us will be hoping that we’ve seen the last of the snow. It is officially Spring but we must not become complacent too soon as we could still get more cold weather.
When we get older our bodies respond differently to cold temperatures which means we are more susceptible to illness and it can become more serious. However, with a little preparation and following some simple guidelines we can all keep ourselves safe and healthy.
Age Uk have put together all the advice you should need whether it be health advice, keeping warm, keeping your house warm or going out and about. We think it’s well worth taking some time to read it all by following this link.
Keep warm, keep safe and we can all look forward to spring, it’s just around the corner!!
← Will Over 50s dominate workforce by 2024?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.459393
Retrieved Text: As we need warm clothes when the weather is going colder, it becomes harder to stay fashionable. However, despite the cold weather, you are going to get your desirable look and mood with fashionable and warm clothes offered by the brands located in Ganja Mall.
Plus, shopping in Ganja Mall has become more affordable with 70% sales of famous brands on winter collections.
Visit Ganja Mall, get the best out of fashionable deals!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.072933
Retrieved Text: You can chart an interesting history when it comes to puffer jackets. They were the jacket your mom made you buy because you needed to be warm (and therefore became a trend), but you really wanted something tighter, sleeker, shorter. But somewhere between middle school and now, puffer jackets have become a cool, street style staple, especially according to Gigi Hadid, Rita Ora and Rihanna (who has been trying to get the world on board all year). Which is great because as we grew up we started to see mom’s point about being warm. Here are our favourite puffer jackets of the season.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.683252
Retrieved Text: Warmest most comfortable winter socks I’ve ever worn. – Burton B.
A friend recommended these socks to me, and while skeptical, I tried them. They met high expectations, and as a photographer, you depend on socks to keep your feet warm in the cold. You don’t want to be thinking about your feet when you are photographing. These are the socks to count on. – Harvey S.
I work outdoors in the winter and always wear heat holders. So when I saw these new socks with merino wool I thought I’d give them a try. I didn’t realize that the best could get better! I love them! – Karen S.
Love the socks. Very nice quality. SO WARM. – Mary B.
Very soft and warm. – George H.
With all the positive reviews, the Merino wool socks have become a huge success amongst our customers who have been wearing them during outdoor activities or if spending long periods of time outdoors in the cold. We at Heat Holders® are delighted that we can contribute and play a positive role in improving the lives of our customers.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.498875
Retrieved Text: In Thailand it is important to begin each treatment with “Wi Kru”, a prayer to thank the teacher and warm the heart.
My family and I love this product. For years we have took it. It can help many men who have erectile dysfunction get and keep an erection when they become sexually stimulated.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.487999
Retrieved Text: This has become the first recipe we grab out of the recipe box when the fall apples hit the grocery stores! Although it calls for Granny Smith, we have used just about any kind of apple we can get our hands on to make this nummy recipe.
Combine sugar, flour, pecans, apples, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl.
In a smaller bowl, beat together eggs, oil, vanilla and baking soda.
Stir egg mixture into flour mixture just until blended. It will be dry looking!
Pour into a well greased 9X13 pan.
Bake at 350 degrees for 45 to 60 minutes (watch carefully so that the cake sets but doesn't become to dry on the edges).
Serve warm with whipped topping or vanilla ice cream.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.478043
Retrieved Text: "We are living in an age when sleep is more comfortable than ever, and yet more elusive," writes David Randall in Dreamland: Adventures in the Strange Science of Sleep. We spend about a third of our lives asleep or, at least, trying to sleep. In search of sleep, we're turning to prescription medications. But there is another way. Research has backed the following five tips.
Your body temperature plays a big role in getting a good night's rest. If you're going to have a shower before bed, make it a cold one. When we take a warm shower close to bed, we raise our body temperature, which naturally falls around 10 p.m. You simply can't get to sleep as easily if your body temperature is too warm.
Studies have shown that temperatures outside of this range lead people to become restless. When we're too hot or cold we become antsy, tossing and turning trying to get comfortable. And for those of you who sleep naked and without a sheet, research indicates an optimum room temperature between 86 and 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
The light from electronic devices messes with our sleep patterns. If you can't avoid using them, dim the brightness.
Exercise during the day, even a small amount, helps you fall asleep faster. This seems obvious, right? The more physically exhausted you are, the better you sleep? But it's more complicated than that. It turns out that it's not just about exercise, it's more about seeing yourself as a fit person that matters. If you lay down to sleep and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.466436
Retrieved Text: What would be a better choice for The Hunt then a charcuterie board which would then allow the food to become part of the table design. We made beautiful layers of planked wood and centered them down the table. We organically placed the meats all along the wood planks to give it a rustic feel. We added cheeses, fruits, olives, sauces, breads and crackers. The guests could easily see their options and choose from a wide selection right in front of them.
Since it was October in the bay area we knew the evening would probably get a little chilly so serving a hot bowl of soup was a must. We made a tomato basil parmesan soup and transported it to our location in a crock pot to keep it hot. Simple and easy yet a perfect compliment to our charcuterie board.
To help keep the guest feeling warm through out the evening we served warm apple cider. We added a little character to the apple cider by spicing it up with orange slices, fresh cranberries, cinnamon sticks, and star of anise.
We then ended our evening by serving warm peach crisp. We baked it in individual mason jars as a unique way to serve them to our guests. When we pulled them out of the oven we sealed them up quickly, wrapped them in towels, and transported them to the party. This helped keep them warm for dessert time. The individual jars made it easy for serving and a quick clean up.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.391521
Retrieved Text: We’ve all experienced how winter months can impact our exercise routine, especially if you’re heading out into the chill for a bounce on your Vuly trampoline! We aren't just talking about wanting to curl up under the covers when it's time to get moving; did you know that cold weather can have a big impact on how our body copes with regular exercise?
Today, we explore the ways in which winter affects our body’s performance when working out and the extra risks you need to watch out for if you’re heading out for some trampoline-based exercise in the cold.
There’s a reason that we remind you to always warm up before engaging in trampoline exercise, and this is particularly relevant in colder weather... Cold muscles have a much greater risk of injury! When we exercise in summer, the environmental heat keeps our muscles warmer for longer; therefore, icy conditions cause our muscles to cool down much more quickly.
If you’re doing ‘stop-start’ exercise routines on your Vuly trampoline, it’s important to keep note of how much you cool down in between exercises, and if you require intermittent warm up sessions. It’s also a great idea to gently stretch and warm down at the end of your trampoline workout. This can prevent your muscles from seizing up and cramping.
People with breathing difficulties, such as asthma, need to be conscious of their symptoms when heading out for trampoline exercise; rapidly breathing in cold air can be a trigger.
If you suffer from asthma or similar health concerns, it’s best to opt for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.376978
Retrieved Text: Our surroundings become proportionally more beautiful, IF I raise my head to see it when walking!!
Tomorrow our most challenging phase begins. We are trekking to Lobuche (alt. 4910), with a steep hike taking us over 700 m higher than where we are today.
On Easter Sunday we will reach Everest Base Camp! Just an additional 500 m… There our oxygen will be at 50%.
On the way back we will take a few hours rest at Gorak Shep, before summiting Kala Patthar at sunrise. I understand the view of Everest from the top is magnificent!
Our accommodations become more and more… rustic, the higher we get. We are now staying in a plywood lodge, but with the most magnificent brass locks!!! The rooms are not heated, so please imagine the acrobatics that go on every evening and morning to stay as warm as possible.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.26216
Retrieved Text: Friends of Global Interaction are passionate about strengthening the partnership between churches in NSW/ACT and the life-transforming work of Global Interaction.
We pray and send out requests to other prayer supporters.
We give financial support and fundraise for specific projects. We care for the cross-cultural workers by keeping in touch with them, distributing their newsletters and enjoying morning tea together when they are on home assignment.
We encourage churches to engage with global mission.
We invite you to become a Friend of Global Interaction. Come along to one of our warm and welcoming groups to get involved in supporting the ministry of Global Interaction.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.204287
Retrieved Text: It’s finally that time of the year when it’s starting to get warm out. The sun is shining, everyone has spring fever, and you just want to be out and about having fun. Now, the only thing missing is a nice, upbeat, catchy song. That’s where “Shut Up and Dance” comes in.
Walk the Moon, an American indie/alternative rock band, released the single “Shut Up and Dance” from their third album, “Talking is Hard,” in Sept. 2014. This chart-topping, upbeat song has become a favorite between my friends and I.
The second my friends and I hear the opening beat, we have to get up and dance. We cannot resist the urge to belt out the lyrics, despite the fact that none of us can sing. This song instantly puts all of us in a good mood. I have no doubt that this song will become my summer anthem.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.18579
Retrieved Text: 5 Ways The Right Gym in Singapore Will Get You Fit!
The right boxing gym will get you fit, and fast. It will teach you valuable lessons beyond the proper technique. The right boxing gym in Singapore could be just around the corner from your work and there might be boxing classes there too!
But how will a good boxing gym get you fit? And what are these lessons you can learn?
You’ll learn the value of real, physical, sweat-inducing hard work. In the right boxing gym you’ll be pushed harder than you thought possible. The boxing classes will teach you proper technique and challenge you, physically and mentally. That’s before we even look at the benefits of stress reduction from working out at VANDA!
A boxing gym worth going to will have a warm community and you’re going to slot right in. That community will keep you on your toes. You’ll learn new techniques from them and be supported when you’re having a tough day or week!
Boxing is a great way to level a person. It humbles people and it will humble you. When you first step inside a boxing gym you will be nervous. The hard work of others, the dedication and determination on display every day will inspire you to become more.
Regardless of which boxing gym in Singapore that you choose – having the latest tech can take your fitness to the next level. It might sound like a gimmick, but having the latest tech gives you all the information you need to plan for progress. We

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.07849
Retrieved Text: We all know the struggles of newborn skin and its battle with new baby fingernails. It seemed like both of my kids were born with tiny talons at the ends of their hands and as much as I tried to keep their fast growing nails clipped, scratches still found a way to occur. We put on the mittens and they would always fall off or get pulled off. We would lose a match during laundry or they would just disappear entirely. The struggle was very present and mom Casey Bunn knew this when she came up with Handsocks. These mittens are more than just scratch resistant and they have hit a home at Little Gummi.
Designed with warmth in mind, Handsocks quickly become the ‘Renaissance Man’ of baby apparel with the ability to comfort, warm and protect newborns to toddlers.
Born through the vision of a ski sock, Handsocks work without velcro or snaps and stretch to fit your Little with ease. While all of the styles and sizes work the same in functionality we recommend the newborn size for those crucial days up to 3 months to protect your Littles delicate skin from scratches or irritants.
Both of our kids have eczema and our 6 month old gets more frequent outbreaks so it’s great to have additional coverage for him to protect from any element that could cause his eczema to flair up.
These are not intended for constant use on newborns but are great during the night (which is when mittens should be used for scratches anyway) to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.946785
Retrieved Text: Last December I went to Green Bay, Wisconsin to watch a football game. To say it was cold would be an understatement. Before the game, I put on every piece of warm clothing I could find, confident that the layers would be sufficient to keep me warm. I was wrong. I was so cold and the only thing I could do to try to get warm was to work my way over to a metal barrel outside the stadium that had a fire burning in it. Many people were gathered around warming their hands and I knew that if I wanted to get warm I had to get as close to the source of heat as I could. The closer I moved to the source, the warmer I became.
In Acts 3:14 and Psalms 77:13, Jesus is referred to as the “Holy One”. God is inherently holy, but he requires us to also become holy. Holiness means to be dedicated and consecrated to God. It’s not about moral purity, but a relationship with God and being in union with and sharing in Jesus’ holiness. Hebrews 12:14 says “Pursue peace with everyone and holiness-without it no one will see the Lord.” He is the source of Holiness, and like a source of heat, the closer we move to Him the more we can feel His Holiness and we are changed to become more like Him.
” What does it mean to be Holy?
” What are you doing daily to draw closer to Jesus?
” What areas of your life do

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.854438
Retrieved Text: When thinking about appliances, everyone always thinks about staying cool in the summer with an air conditioner. No one wants to travel without the relief of some cool air in the summer months. We can survive the heat, but the cold can quickly become unbearable or worse, dangerous. Installing a ducted furnace in you RV will keep you and your family warm and cozy on your travels. Keep everyone comfortable and choose from our various options for a RV furnace.
Sometimes, even with a heating system in your RV some parts are still cold. Maybe someone in the family needs it a little warmer than the rest, a back seat warmer will help resolve any issues. Keep a cooler temperature in the rest of the RV and put a back seat warmer next to your heat loving, loved one. At Dyersonline.com we carry everything you need for installation and repair of your existing system.
Another exciting luxury for the road is a portable heater. Sometimes a campfire just isn’t enough. If you enjoy doing some camping where you won’t be sleeping in the comfort of your RV you should consider a portable heater to keep you warm on those cool nights. Just think, next time you get up at the crack of dawn to go fishing you no longer need to dress in layer upon layer of clothing when you know that by afternoon it will be nice and warm outside. Now you can take your handy portable heater to keep you warm in the early morning while

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.828666
Retrieved Text: Stink Bugs are one of the largest pests to spot once they have invaded your space. Knowing where they are coming from is key to controlling them. In this video, we will highlight where they are coming from and where to look for them.
Stinkbugs are fairly large for an insect, so they’re pretty easy to spot. Stink bugs become most noticeable in late summer through fall because they try to find a warm place to spend most of their time. As the heat kicks on to warm the structure or spring arrives, stink bugs warm up too and come out of hiding. They begin to make a nuisance of themselves as they fly towards lights or gather around window frames to try to get outside. When looking for stink bugs, a good place to start is outdoors. Check around window frames, door frames, vents, eaves and on walls that get the most sun exposure. Stink Bugs like to squeeze into cracks, crevices to find their way indoors. Some of the most common entry points include voids, false ceilings, attics, folds in drapes, and other places that go undisturbed. And it’s that easy with the expert help from Do My Own Pest Control dot com! Subscribe to our channel for more DIY and product videos!
Stinkbugs are fairly large for an insect so they are pretty easy to spot. Stink bugs become most noticeable in late summer through fall as the insects try to find a warm place to spend their summer.
Outdoors: check around window frames, door frames,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.797346
Retrieved Text: The biggest part of anyone’s motivation to join us is the potential they can see of developing with the company and making a difference to both their colleagues’ and customers’ lives.
This will become apparent on your first day, when your induction begins.
Our induction programme gives you a chance to get to know us and for us to get to know you.
We extend a warm welcome to every new starter. This includes meeting the senior management team and directors, settling into the business unit you are joining, and learning about the essential procedures with HR.
Our induction programme consistently scores 90-100% when rated in the new staff feedback questionnaire.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.757785
Retrieved Text: We offer Citroen vehicle air conditioning services at the right prices. We can regas the air con in your Citroen car and ensure that when you leave our garage pictured below you stay cool out on the road.
We invest heavily in Citroen air conditioning equipment. We ensure that when we recharge the gas in your Citroen air conditioning system we do so to the exact specification needed on your Citroen model.
Here are photos of a recent vehicle in the garage workshop having the air conditioning system regassed.
Whether your air conditioning system has ran out of gas or has become damaged don’t worry, we can repair it. In the summer when it’s warm we can service 5 to 10 Citroen air con systems a day. We are well equipped to handle any air con requirements you have from our garage workshop where we have huge capacity shown below.
When we service the air conditioning system in your Citroen car we always check and include the following.
Get in touch today for expert advice we are here to help with any Citroen air conditioning problems you are experiencing.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.757328
Retrieved Text: On Saturday we travelled down to Pembrokeshire for 5 nights. It’s our first proper road trip in Bertie Boxlife, so we can see what he’s like in the winter. So far, so good. We’re having a lovely trip and we’re warm and cosy.
On the way down we stopped at the bakery in Machynlleth for some cakes and pies, which has become a bit of a habit when we come this way! Delicious! Then, after about 4 and a half hours we arrived at the campsite. It was dark and damp, and we immediately managed to get bogged down in the mud, creating large ruts in the beautifully mown field. Not to worry, the campsite owners Eileen and Dave were lovely and friendly. Dave sorted our hook up and arranged a tractor to tow us out the next morning. The shower room is in an old caravan… just perfect, with plenty of space, hooks, benches and hot water!
The next morning it was still misty and drizzly but we set of to St David’s to meet Martin and Tracey for a hike along the coastal path.
It was still wet when we started but after about 15 minutes it became a lot brighter and, at times, was very warm.
The coastal path was stunning, with green fields and steps cliffs dropping into the turquoise ocean. Perfect water for kayaking, although Ramsey Sound looked rather scary! We had a lovely day and it was great to see Martin and Tracey.
Today we’ve been to Pembroke Castle, which was where Henry VII was

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.710166
Retrieved Text: The temperatures are dropping outside. Spring has sprung, Fall has Fell. Winter is coming. As it gets cold, more back and hip pain cases will be coming into the clinic.
I’m able to write about the patterns of pain because research shows that we all have about the same trigger points in the same places that generate the same patterns of pain. So it really gets down to figuring out what makes the trigger points become more active and cause more pain.
It surprises most people when I tell them that one of the musculoskeletal system’s primary functions is to protect us. Muscles provide padding when we’re hit. Muscles tighten around things that are fragile, like displaced joints. When we are cold, muscles become more active to generate warmth. When it is really cold, we shiver.
We generate warmth for our internal organs by involuntarily tightening muscles that surround the abdomen and pelvis. Think about how often you’ve seen people tighten down and fold their arms over their abdomen when they are cold. Most of these trigger points around our internal organs generate pain into the low back, hips, and legs. If you like the coolness, leave your arms or legs uncovered but keep your internal organs warm with a light jacket or vest.
Keep your torso and hips warm to reduce back and hip pain in cold weather.
If you drop the thermostat in your house in winter, keep your torso warm with a robe. Keep your torso covered at night by wearing a nightshirt and bottoms or pulling the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.619257
Retrieved Text: Florblanca Resort is located in Santa Teresa, Costa Rica, on the western coast of the Nicoya Peninsula. Our ocean breezes help keep guests cool and refreshed throughout the year. We do have clear and predictable weather patterns and it will be helpful for you to become familiar with these in preparation for your stay.
November through mid April – These are warm, sunny comfortable months. We experience warm days with cool offshore breezes, cooler nights, and lush greenery throughout the Nicoya Peninsula area. You may have the occasional rain shower, but typically these months are full of sunshine and clear skies. Although there is always some humidity in our part of Costa Rica, these months are the driest of the year.
Late-April through August – We experience some rainfall during these months, generally during the evening or nighttime. This means our lush and vibrant landscape springs back to life. It’s a beautiful time of year and travelers even get to take advantage of fewer crowds in the area and lower prices. Florblanca even offers Green Season Specials to help you take advantage of these lower prices. This is a wonderful time to visit Florblanca. While it is still considered our green season and rains can be expected, you still get to experience plentiful sunshine.
September and October – Rains tend to become heavier during these months but it is a great time to book a more extended vacation, when you don’t have to rely as much on perfect weather for your trip. You will still get some gorgeous days,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.607886
Retrieved Text: After hard training or an athletic event, taxed muscles become constricted and shortened. Micro-tearing of muscle fibers also results from extended strenuous activity leading to swelling and adhesions (like strands of spaghetti stuck together). Without proper rest and stretching between exercise, muscles become increasingly fatigued and contracted. Constrictions prevent free muscle movement and literally destroy range of motion.
During massage, circulation is stimulated and muscle tissue is stretched helping muscles recover faster and more completely. Sports massage focuses on the muscle groups most used by the athlete and incorporates stretches to maintain muscle elasticity. Over the long-term, sports massage helps athletes sustain higher levels of performance and remain free of injuries.
Neglecting to warm-up can result in injury because cold muscles are less elastic and more vulnerable to damage. A proper warm-down with ample stretches helps start the muscle recovery process, re-aligning muscle fibers and preventing tightness.
As we get older, our muscles become more prone to damage due to wear and tear, so stretching and proper warm-up and warm-down become more important. Since it takes muscles longer to recover as we age, a longer rest period and more regular massage is beneficial.
Pre-event sports massage can take place from two days to two minutes before a race. Two days before, sports massage can be thorough and deep to ensure you are in optimum condition and fully recovered from any previous exercise. Shortly before an event, sports massage uses passive stretches and muscle warming techniques for maximum muscle elasticity. Some also choose to get massage the day of an athletic

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.551198
Retrieved Text: A central heating system has the ability to warm a house up in no time when it is in a good condition. The system provides heat via several parts that work together, but problems can develop if any of the parts begin to malfunction. The furnace is the main part that must be functional for heat to be produced, but it can stop working for various reasons and need to be replaced. If you are trying to determine why your system has stopped producing heat, you might need to hire a professional to pinpoint the problem on your behalf. The content below explains parts of a central heating system that might need to be replaced when no warm air is being produced.
Unless your furnace is fully electric, there are lines attached to it that are important for heat production. The lines are used for supplying oil or gas to the burner inside of the furnace. Gas or oil is necessary for helping the burner create the flame that is needed in the pilot area of the furnace, which is where combustion completes to create heat. The lines can cause problems if they become clogged up, but can usually be cleaned by a professional. If the lines become severely damaged and allows the oil or gas to leak out, replacing them is necessary.
A thermostat plays an important role in the ability of a central heating system to warm a house up. A heating problem can stem from the thermostat not functioning properly, such as if it is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.549591
Retrieved Text: We ended up with a crayon melted in a cup holder in the van, last week, and while I wasn't thrilled with the mess, I did notice the children's fascination with the squishy, spreadable nature of their once solid crayon.
Yesterday, I finally got around to putting out a few, partially peeled, crayons in the sun, on top of a piece of tinfoil, for the girls to experiment with. It was a hot afternoon (in the mid-80s), so it only took about a half an hour for the crayons to start to melt.
The trick is leaving the crayons out long enough soften, and and melt a little, but not so long, that they become a liquid. Some of ours were meltier than others, those were great for making thick, smeary lines.
The more solid crayons could still be used to draw normal, thin lines with, but it took a lot less pressure to draw nice, dark lines, and the crayons glided easily across the paper, in a very enjoyable manner.
Some of the crayons were so soft, that they bent, and broke when the girls started to use them, so they had to use their fingers to smash, and smear the pieces, which was surprisingly, not as messy as it sounds.
Neither of the girls ended up with color on their hands, and when they were done coloring, I simply stacked up their pages, and wrapped up the melted crayons in the tinfoil I had laid them out on, and we were ready to go back inside. But, we still

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.534456
Retrieved Text: Sahana Villa II is great choice for families and friends wanting a taste of luxury without breaking the bank. We loved the fact that there was so much going on within walking distance of our own private retreat: I mean, who wouldn’t appreciate a Champagne and oyster bar just metres from their front door? We were impressed when the owners greeted us on arrival to let us know they were on hand should we need them; it showed they genuinely cared that we had an enjoyable and memorable stay. Facing west, the villa receives plenty of afternoon sun and can get quite warm, especially in the open living and dining areas, but the air-conditioned bedrooms provided adequate respite. We liked the fact that the pleasant housekeeping staff were able to prepare meals when we were too tired to go out, giving us more time to kick back and relax. And the complimentary continental breakfast each morning was a nice inclusion.
As they say, “location, location, location”, and this villa is definitely where it’s at. We appreciated the friendly hospitality of the owners and staff who made us feel very much at home. The walled gardens and daybeds in the bathrooms added a neat touch: never before have we been tempted to sneak into a bathroom for a quick nap?
There was occasional noise from Sahana Villa I next door, but considering its central Seminyak location the villa was surprisingly quiet. It was the hottest month of the year during our stay which meant it got a little warm

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.53038
Retrieved Text: If water is running at high pressure into your home we may be able to help if you have been unable to contact the neighbour from whose property the leak is coming. We can provide advice and if we deem it an emergency, we may be able to turn the water supply off.
Condensation occurs when warm air in a property comes into contact with cold surfaces. Warm air can hold water vapour and when it hits a cold surface the water will condense causing dampness and often mould.
Penetrating dampness occurs when there is a defect in the building which allows rainwater to penetrate the interior of a building.
Rising dampness usually occurs when no damp proof course has been installed or the damp proof course has become defective and allows water to rise into a ground floor property.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.490247
Retrieved Text: Smart insurance solutions for individuals and businesses.
and a warm welcome to Hollard Mozambique. Whatever your insurance needs, we’ve got the right cover, right here, right now.
Life happens … and when it does, we’ve got you and your family covered.
Safeguarding your business and your people, with all the financial protection you need.
Claiming after an unpleasant event is stressful enough, so we work hard to keep the process simple and hassle-free.
Our short-term Personal Insurance portfolio takes care of you and your family. Protecting every aspect of your lifestyle: from your income, to your home, car and your travel insurance needs.
Our Business Insurance portfolio lets you focus on growing your enterprise while we look after the risks associated with your workforce and all your corporate, commercial and specialised business needs.
This covers any incident whereby you may become liable for compensation of a third party.
Get cover that protects you and your family when traveling abroad.
Get compulsory third-part liability insurance for your vehicle when traveling in Mozambique.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.439914
Retrieved Text: did life become so parched and dry?
filled with loud, judgmental screaming.
save our own – me and mine.
feeling, and selfish opinion all over you and yours.
or a mind that thinks differently, no matter how refective.
Lions and elephants and dog lives matter.
of sustenance that is their mother’s womb.
and uttering that first crying wail.
Open the borders. Shut them again!
They’re dying, and starving, and being killed.
Do we give it up that easily?
Fly the colored rainbow flag.
My cause is greater than your own.
Damn it, I. Am. Right.
that we’ve forgotten how to live?
When did our hearts become so hard?
When did we lose our souls?
We must hit our knees. Get on our face.
out to the Father to be made whole?
for someone to affirm that they belong.
extended to everyone bought by His death.
That bear His warm life-giving breath.
His absolute and undeserved grace.
This entry was posted in Christian Living, Grace, Judging Others, Leadership, Life, Love, Personal Growth, Religion, Repentance, Society, Spirituality, Tolerance and tagged Abortion, Anger, Black Lives Matter, Blue Lives Matter, causes, Christ, Christian, Christianity, Confederate Flag, Faith, Gay Rights, God, God's Love, Grace, justice, Poetry, pray, religion, Repentance, spirituality.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.439076
Retrieved Text: We love these crepes. They are made with 100% buckwheat flour and no dairy. They can be served with savory ingredients for dinner, or enjoyed for breakfast with fruit and maple syrup, or with cottage cheese or yoghurt. They are pictured here with a drizzle of kefir and warmed frozen berries. When we are finished making the crepes, we pour the frozen berries right into the warm cast iron pan for a few minutes.
Beat the eggs and mix in the rest of the liquids. Then whisk in the flour and salt slowly to avoid clumps.
Warm pan or griddle on medium heat (we like using two cast iron pans) and grease with olive oil or butter. When warm, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter into the pan, quickly swirling the batter to cover the bottom or at least mostly cover the bottom with a thin layer. Adjust the amount you ladle into the pan so as to just cover the bottom with a thin layer. Flip the crepe after about 3-4 minutes, or when the edges look cooked through and if you peak underneath the crepe is golden brown. It should take a couple minutes on the second side for the crepe to become golden brown.
Optionally, warm the oven to the lowest temperature, stick a plate in there and pile them on to keep the warm till you are ready to eat.

================



======= Instance Index 2111 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are less gravity or more gravity ):

Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity between them.


A planet that is smaller has less gravity or more gravity?

Target Text: less gravity

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.844723
Retrieved Text: Standard blue foam Planet Cube with white screen print.
Planet Cube: a nice price alternative to the Happy Cube with mind boggling effects!
The Planet Cube is a cube of 3,5 x 3,5 cm made in foam of 6 mm thickness. That makes it smaller and thinner than the Happy Cube (4 x 4 cm, foam thickness 8 mm) and less expensive. Although the Planet Cube is smaller, the printable surface is exactly the same (2 x 2 cm).
The Planet Cube puzzle pieces have 6 teeth. In contrary to the Happy Cube, which has only 5 teeth. That makes the intercombinations of the different Planet Cube puzzles somewhat more difficult than those of the Happy Cube family.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.03788
Retrieved Text: HUGE NEWS: first possibly Earthlike extrasolar planet found!
Artist’s impression of the planetary system around Gliese 581. Courtesy ESO.
The European Southern Observatory is reporting that they have found the most Earthlike planet yet orbiting another star. It has about 1.5 times the Earth’s diameter, and five times its mass. This makes it the smallest extrasolar planet yet found (two other planets have already been found orbiting that star, with 15 and 8 times Earth’s mass).
This is amazing enough! But it gets far, far better. The parent star, Gliese 581, is a red dwarf, meaning it’s smaller and cooler than the Sun. The as-yet unnamed planet orbits this star much closer than the Earth does the Sun; it stays about 11 million kilometers (6.7 million miles) from its star, while the Earth is 150 million km (93 million miles) from the Sun.
That is warm enough for water to be a liquid.
So what we may have here is a terrestrial planet with liquid water on its surface.
Let me be clear: this is not a guarantee! We have not actually gotten an image of the planet; its presence is indicated by the gravitational effect it has on its star as it orbits (once every 13 days, incidentally). So we don’t know if the planet is dry, or covered in oceans, or even if it’s rocky like the Earth — though models indicate it will either be rocky or possibly even covered by oceans.
And this planet is Earthlike, but not Earth! The surface gravity is more than twice that of Earth’s

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.602524
Retrieved Text: How is the future of planet Earth like?
The future of planet Earth will be catastrophic, although it wasn’t, because nowhere in the functions of our entities exists a so great curse, that all the inhabitants of planet Earth should be punished with a punishment of the Creator. This is a good matter for your planet Earth, because no one is allowed to be wrongful on our planet Earth, or otherwise the planet Earth will experience catastrophes, like has been also at the time of earlier civilizations.
No one on your planet Earth is so wrongful like was in earlier times. So you’ll avoid from catastrophes while being good to each other and also bad, but not although outrageous from your injustice. This is slightly vague information, how the future of planet Earth will be like, because we cannot know it of course, like nothing else can be known thoroughly actually even in our systems of the Creator. This kind of matter is very wrongful to write about, because injustice is within everything.
The future of planet Earth is including very wrongful activity, because no one on our planet Earth is very good. Such wrongful activity is so possible on our planet Earth. We do injustice continually in very meaningful matters as well, which is destroying of nature in modern times.
The future on our planet Earth will be very wrongful also for our fauna, because animals suffer from the Creator’s systems very much, while being treated on the level of an enemy by humans. These kinds of animals can

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.547161
Retrieved Text: This visualization compares the orbits of “The Goblin” and other, similar objects.
Astronomers have found a dwarf planet out beyond Neptune called “The Goblin” because of its initial discovery around Halloween. The Goblin, officially named 2015 TG387, joins other small objects far out in our solar system, and it adds to a tantalizing theory about another much more massive “Planet X” hiding beyond Neptune.
Carnegie astronomer Scott Sheppard searches for and studies far-off objects like The Goblin. Over the past few years, they’ve noticed something interesting about the ragtag group of smaller bodies circling the outer reaches of our solar system. Though y0u’d expect their orbits to be random, Sheppard says that they all seem to be in harmony with each other. The planetary dance is a clue that something with a much larger gravitational pull is shepherding them — Planet X.
While researchers aren’t absolutely sure what Planet X’s orbit might look like, they have an idea, Sheppard explained. His research team has been running orbit simulations, and The Goblin fits into them neatly.
If you randomly put a massive planet like Planet X in the outer solar system for a very long time, such a planet “would make The Goblin’s orbit unstable, so you’d expect The Goblin to be basically ejected out of the solar system,” Sheppard said. The stability that the team found in simulations means that the two objects will never get close or threaten to collide, and would explain why we see The Goblin today.
So, by discovering The Goblin, this team found more evidence for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.306156
Retrieved Text: By the time Divine and Dark Star's thread is over, I want Divine to have claimed a small planet for herself. It'll have beaches and jungles and waterfalls and all sortas of tropical flora and fauna. How much would this cost?
You'd have to define "small planet."
Are we assuming a planet that developed an Earth-like climate "naturally?" Or a planet that's been terraformed?
If you want an Earth-like planet, you'll need one about the same size and distance from it's star as Earth. Earth is about 8,000 miles in diameter. HQs follow pretty much the same doubling progression as everything else in M&M (1, 2, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, etc.) for sizes above Awesome. So to go from Awesome (1 mile) to 8,000 miles would require 12 more ranks, or 18 ranks of HQ Size total. That's 18EP.
Toughness +10 should be sufficient. That'll cover the various rocks and metals that make up the composition of Earth. That's 1EP.
By it's very nature, you'll need to purchase the Isolated and Living Space Features, and probably Pool (various bodies of water) as well. That's another 3EP.
So, without any structures or modern conveniences, or any built-in way to get to and from it, you could buy a planet like Earth as an HQ for 22 Equipment points, or 5 Power Points.
Now, if you want to build an actual stronghold on that planet, it's probably best to just pay for the building itself, and give it the Isolated feature, with the descriptor being "it's on another planet."
If you want a smaller planet

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.112774
Retrieved Text: A “super-Earth” in Pisces may well be one of the most massive planets discovered to date. Although it is slightly larger than Earth, it’s weight is eight times that of Earth. At this point not much more is known about these planets, but scientists are eager to discover more. If they are like Earth they will have a dense rocky core. If the core is small, they may be similar to our planet, Neptune, which has a large gaseous envelope surrounding its core and is considered to be an ice giant planet.
The scientists expect their study of these new planets’ composition will take months or years, and that will be just the first step in discovering more about them.
The first step to understanding their formation is to determine their compositions. Are they rocky, like Earth, or do they have smaller cores surrounded by large, gaseous envelopes, like the ice giant Neptune? But “usually, if a transiting planet is detected, it takes months if not a year or more to gather enough observations to measure its mass,” says Johanna Teske.
The researchers used PFS’s data to compare the planets’ radii to that of Earth, and found that planet b is 1.64 times larger, planet c is 1.29 times larger, and planet d is 2.08 times larger. Based on this, they were able to test a trend observed among exoplanets: If a planet’s radius is more than 1.7 times that of Earth, it tends to be an ice giant, and if it’s smaller, it tends to be rocky. When

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.102064
Retrieved Text: In the various discussions about the dynamics of the potentially habitable planet around Gliese 581, the issue of tide-locking comes up. How do we know that a planet like this may face this problem? It's closer to the parent star, of course, but the star is a lot less massive as well.
It turns out it's not too hard to estimate the tidal forces, at least at the order-of-magnitude level, for a clone of Earth put around another star. More details below.
Gliese 581, a red dwarf star already known to have at least one other planet, has a potentially habitable planet. It's somewhat larger than Earth (about 5 times as massive), and its average temperature appears to be well within the liquid range for water.
First off, this detection is amazing. Just finding something like this is a challenge; most exoplanets are much more massive, making them that much easier to detect. And then there's the question on everyone's mind: Is this planet truly Earthlike? It's reasonably sized, and could have the right temperature, but beyond that, it's really hard to answer. For one thing, it already has a massive planet, about the mass of Neptune, orbiting even closer still. This complicates the system's dynamics significantly. The smaller planet's orbit is obviously stable in the long term, but even small orbit changes can have significant effects on a planet's climate. As far as I can tell, this is still an open question; astronomers haven't really figured out whether or not a large planet like this would make the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.031271
Retrieved Text: For Mars' current position and visibility, see the Planet Wheel.
Notes The fourth major planet from the Sun, Mars is distinctive for its red-orange colouration, broken only by icy white at the poles. Its diameter is only about half that of Earth.
The broken and icy north polar region of Mars. Prominent against the whiteness is the dark gouge of the Chasma Boreale, the North Canyon.
The cold desert world of Mars lies further from the Sun than Earth. Considerably smaller than our own planet, Mars' atmosphere consists mainly of carbon dioxide.
Mars has a diameter a little more than half that of Earth. Nonetheless, because it has no oceans, its total land surface is similar to that of our own planet.
A view down into the Valles Marineris, an immense complex of valleys more than 4,000 kilometres in length, running between the volcanic plains of Tharsis and the densely cratered landscape of Chryse.
Mars and its moons, Phobos and Deimos, shown to scale.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.011168
Retrieved Text: NASA’s Kepler space probe has discovered the smallest planet yet orbiting a Sun-like star. Dubbed Kepler-37b, the exoplanet orbits the star Kepler-37 about 210 light-years from Earth in the constellation Lyra. It’s only one-third the size of Earth and smaller than Mercury, which makes it not only the smallest planet yet found outside the Solar System, but the smallest planet ever discovered.
Kepler-37b is a rocky planet slightly larger than the Moon. It has no atmosphere and orbits its star at less than one-third the distance of Mercury to the Sun. This gives it a year of only 13 days and an estimated surface temperature is more than 800º F (700º K, 425º C), which would melt the zinc in a penny. Not surprisingly, Kepler-37b is regarded as unable to support life.
It’s one of three planets orbiting Kepler-37. Kepler-37c, the closer neighboring planet, is slightly smaller than Venus and almost three-quarters the size of Earth, and has a year 21 days long. The farther planet, Kepler-37d, is twice the size of Earth and orbits its star every 40 days. Kepler-37 itself is the same class as the Sun, but cooler and smaller. All three planets orbit the star at a distance closer than Mercury is to the Sun. This makes them all very hot and inhospitable.
Kepler-37b was found by the Kepler spacecraft as part of its ongoing mission to find Earth-like planets orbiting other stars in what is called the “habitable zone” – the band of space around a star where the temperature is right to sustain

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.006897
Retrieved Text: There’s an enormous asteroid that could potentially destroy life on Earth on its way to us this afternoon NASA warns. We’re not saying that it has the potential of wiping out all life on the planet, but some would definitely be in danger.
The deadly asteroid is larger than a two-story house, and it has been named by NASA, Asteroid 2018 WN.
The huge space rock is expected to skim past our planet, and it will be making its closest appearance at 11:49 am GMT.
Even if NASA astronomers have calculated the asteroid is not precisely on a trajectory to collide with us, its destructive potential is pretty freaky, you have to admit.
NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory scientists estimate the asteroid measures somewhere in the region of 40ft to 91ft (12m to 28m).
The asteroid may not bring the end of life on our planet as we know it, but it does hold potential danger for highly populated areas.
More than 1,000 people were injured back in 2013 after a 65ft-wide space rock erupted over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk, Express.co.uk announces.
The resulting impact shattered windows, and shards of glass were sent into victim’s bodies.
According to Dr. Matija Cuk, Cornell University in New York, impacts with these smaller asteroids are very rare, and they’re not lethal.
She said: “Concerning smaller meteorites that hit the ground, they are a very low hazard and no human was ever reported being killed by a small meteorite.
Astronomers have recently admitted that there are undetected asteroids in our galaxy and some of them do pose a threat for

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.901676
Retrieved Text: Infrared observations of circumstellar disks indicate that ~80% of stars are born with enough material (gas, dust, and water) to produce at least several low planets. High precision radial velocity searches for extrasolar planets tell us that ~10% of solar type stars have at least one planet down to Saturn-mass orbiting in 2000 days or less. Extrapolations and long term trends in these surveys indicate that another 5-10% of these stars may have planets down to Saturn mass out to 20 A.U. The data on smaller planets has remained sparse until very recently--that is, until the Kepler mission started finding smaller planets in high numbers. Specifically, Kepler (with more observation time remaining and a possible extended mission) has told that 34% of stars have at least one planet within 0.5 A.U. By the time this incredible mission is finished, it will tell us that X% of stars have at least one planet within 1-2 A.U. However, it is unclear how many more planets will turn up in future generations of searches. What will the X in X% be?
My question to viewers is this: In light of all of the data existing thus far on extrasolar planets, what fraction of stars do you think will turn out to have at least one planet?
Re: Fraction of stars with planets?
I'll be optimistic and say 70 +/- 10 %.
This may be relevant - unfortunately it is behind a paywall.
Nice find Lazarus. Correct me if I am wrong, but based on the information presented in the abstract regarding left over dust,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.847712
Retrieved Text: The next generation of exoplanet hunting has arrived in the form of NASA’s Transiting Exoplanet and Survey Satellite. TESS looks at closer and brighter stars than Kepler, the spacecraft that first turned the trickle of exoplanet discoveries into a deluge. While TESS, which launched last year, is just beginning its sky search, it’s already started discovering new planets. Astronomers say they’ve discovered an Earth-sized planet dubbed HD 21749 c that sits just 52 light-years from Earth and orbits its star every 8 days. It’s TESS’ first discovery of an Earth-sized planet.
Scientists also say they’ve confirmed HD 21749 b, a planet a little smaller than Neptune on a roughly 35-day orbit around the same star. Both TESS exoplanet findings were teased earlier this year.
TESS searches for planets in the same basic way that Kepler did, by watching for planets to transit — or pass in front of their stars — from Earth’s point of view. But TESS will eventually study an area 400 times larger than Kepler’s corner of the sky, and it will focus on nearby, bright stars that will make for easier follow-up targeting by powerhouse observatories like the upcoming James Webb Space Telescope.
One of TESS’ main goals for its initial two-year mission is to find 50 planets that are no more than four times bigger than Earth and that have measured masses. This is a peculiar goal, because TESS can’t actually measure the masses of any planets — it can only determine how wide a planet is and how far from its star it

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.666634
Retrieved Text: U.S. scientists have spotted the first Earth-size planets which are orbiting a sun-like star outside our solar system, NASA announced on Tuesday. The planets are unlikely to support life.
NASA said its Kepler mission, which was launched in March 2009 and was named after German astronomer Johannes Kepler who lived in the 17th century, has discovered the first planets, identified as Kepler-20e and Kepler-20f, which are similar in size to Earth and orbiting a sun-like star. But they are too close to their star to be in the so-called habitable zone where liquid water could exist on a planet’s surface.
The newly discovered planets, which NASA considers to be an important milestone in the ultimate search for planets like Earth, are thought to be rocky.
Kepler-20e is slightly smaller than Venus, measuring 0.87 times the radius of Earth, while Kepler-20f is slightly larger than Earth, measuring 1.03 times its radius. Both planets reside in a five-planet system called Kepler-20, approximately 1,000 light-years away in the constellation Lyra.
Kepler-20e’s and Kepler-20f’s orbital periods, which are every 6.1 days and every 19.6 days respectively, mean very hot, inhospitable worlds. Kepler-20f, at 800 degrees Fahrenheit (426 degrees Celsius), is similar to an average day on the planet Mercury. The surface temperature of Kepler-20e, at more than 1,400 degrees Fahrenheit (760 degrees Celsius), would melt glass.
The Kepler-20 system includes three other planets that are larger than Earth but smaller than Neptune. Kepler-20b, the closest planet, Kepler-20c, the third planet, and Kepler-20d, the fifth planet, orbit their star every 3.7, 10.9 and 77.6 days. All

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.621237
Retrieved Text: Time: 4.5 billion years ago.
It is hot, thousands of degrees hot. We float on red, molten rock. The entire planet is an ocean of molten heat. We look up to a black sky. There is no atmosphere, hence no sound. We are about to be hit by a planet the size of Mars.
If we had been alive and if we had a history to this point, this would seem like the end of time. For eons, we had dwelled in a nebula of gas and dust. Lost in legend were stories of a super nova, which originated our nebula. The nebula was comfortable and seemingly eternal. But gradually it had grown smaller. Gravity pulled it together.
When the gas at the center had ignited, that had seemed the end of time. Other bits of the nebula had formed around the center, angular momentum carrying them into orbits around the new star.
So, we float on the surface of this new thing, a planet and ponder our lost sanctuary. Wham! A giant meteor crashes. It must have been only a 100 miles away. Then another, and yet another. The semi-liquid rock beneath us shifts violently. The sky above is filled with falling objects.
In one corner of the sky, one star-like object catches our attention. It seems to be much bigger, than the last time we saw it. It was just a prick of light, like any star. Now it is a small disk. It seems to grow, even as we watch.
Now, it is the biggest object in the sky.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.606724
Retrieved Text: Some of the last data from the Cassini mission reveals more structure in Saturn’s magnetic field, but still no answer as to how it formed.
NASA’s Cassini mission – with Imperial kit on board – took a series of daring dives between the planet and its inmost ring in September 2017 before burning up in the planet’s atmosphere.
A first analysis of the data from the magnetometer instrument, built and run by Imperial College London physicists, shows that the planet's magnetic field has a tilt of less than 0.01º. The results are published today in a special issue of Science reporting the first end-of-mission results.
It was thought that magnetic fields around planets can only form when there is a discernible tilt between the rotation axis of the planet and the magnetic field axis. This is the situation on Earth, where the magnetic poles are offset from the geographic poles.
This tilt sustains currents in a liquid metal layer deep inside a planet – on Earth this is a liquid iron-nickel layer around the solid iron core, and on Saturn it’s believed to be a metallic hydrogen layer surrounding a small rocky core.
Principal investigator for the magnetometer Professor Michele Dougherty, from the Department of Physics at Imperial, said: “Each time we more accurately measure the tilt of Saturn’s magnetic field, it gets smaller, until now we are in a position where it is smaller than a hundredth of a degree. This is in sharp contrast to the Earth’s magnetic field tilt of 11 degrees.
While the almost negligible tilt is a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.57616
Retrieved Text: broaden our understanding of our solar system 250 years ago.
The idea here is very similar.
A planet passes in front of its host star, producing a dimming.
has detected dimmings of one part in a million.
can lead to the discovery of the planet, and measurements of its period and size.
the transit method has been NASA's Kepler mission.
The mission stares at one region of the sky.
This is what it did for the first part of its life.
This one region of the sky was a rich region of our own Milky Way.
in this cone, looking out about 3,000 light years.
About 1000 parsecs away from our Sun, towards the constellation Sagittarius.
the number of planet discoveries.
This plot here shows the number of new planets discovered.
First in blue by all other methods, then in red by the Kepler mission.
And here's the most recent Kepler announcement.
also the type of extrasolar planets known to humanity.
planets the size of jupiter or larger.
we saw planets the size of Earth, Earth and Venus, even smaller, Mars and Mercury.
Large planets, like Uranus, Neptune, Jupiter, and Saturn.
up to four size, times the size of the Earth.
3 times the size of the Earth.
are planetary properties, and many super earth sized planets.
And these super earth sized planets are quite common.
Kepler has also revealed a number of exciting planets.
Planets that are potentially habitable.
One of the ones that was discovered in April of this year, is Kepler 186-f.
Kepler 186-f is part of a multi planet system.
And it's orbiting together with it's four companions around a red dwarf star.
you need to be closer to the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.48051
Retrieved Text: Artist's illustration of 55 Cancri e.
For the first time, astronomers have mapped the weather on an alien planet slightly larger than Earth.
The super-Earth — which is a classification used for any planet with a mass 1 to 10 times greater than that of our home planet — is named 55 Cancri e and located about 40 light-years away from our solar system.
A new study published in the journal Nature on Wednesday details the temperature map of the world, and even suggests that the exoplanet, which was first discovered a few years ago, may have lava flows on its surface.
"One of the very interesting things about this particular planet is that it's extremely close to the star that it orbits," study co-author Stephen Kane told Mashable. "It only takes 0.73 days to orbit the star, so it takes about an Earth day to go all the way around its star."
The study's authors used data from the Spitzer Space Telescope to put together the temperature gradient map of 55 Cancri e, revealing that the planet has an extremely hot "day" side that always points toward its star, and a cooler "night" side.
Like the moon to the Earth, 55 Cancri e is tidally locked with its star, named 55 Cancri, meaning that the same side of the planet is always pointing to the same side of its sunlike star.
55 Cancri e is about 1.9 Earth radii across and has a density greater than Earth, Kane added.
Temperatures on the night side of the world are about 1,027 degrees Celsius, or

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.480202
Retrieved Text: DTFizzix Science News: Earth's Twin Found?
This news from NASA' Kepler Planet-finding Mission: Kepler Mission has confirmed the existence of an "earth-like" planet in our Galactic Backyard. This is just one of many possible planets they have found within the "habitable zone," or "Goldilocks Zone", the region around a star where liquid water could easily exist on a rocky planet's surface. Kepler has discovered more than 1,000 new planet candidates, nearly doubling the previously known count. Ten of these candidates are "near-Earth-size" and orbit in the habitable zone of their host star. Candidates require follow-up observations to verify they are actual planets and not just balls of gas or dwarfs.
According to Science News 12/05/2011 ; "The newly confirmed planet, Kepler-22b, is the smallest yet found to orbit in the middle of the habitable zone of a star similar to our sun. The planet is about 2.4 times the radius of Earth. Scientists don't yet know if Kepler-22b has a predominantly rocky, gaseous or liquid composition, but its discovery is a step closer to finding Earth-like planets. Kepler-22b is located 600 light-years away. While the planet is larger than Earth, its orbit of 290 days around a sun-like star resembles that of our world. The planet's host star belongs to the same class as our sun, called G-type, although it is slightly smaller and cooler."

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.470034
Retrieved Text: European researchers said on Monday they discovered a batch of three “super-Earths” orbiting a nearby star, and two other solar systems with small planets as well.
They said their findings, presented at a conference in France, suggest that Earth-like planets may be very common.
“Does every single star harbour planets and, if yes, how many?” asked Michel Mayor of Switzerland’s Geneva Observatory. “We may not yet know the answer but we are making huge progress towards it,” Mayor said in a statement.
The trio of planets orbit a star slightly less massive than our Sun, 42 light-years away towards the southern Doradus and Pictor constellations. A light-year is the distance light can travel in one year at a speed of 300 000km a second, or about 9,5-trillion kilometres.
The planets are bigger than Earth—one is 4,2 times the mass, one is 6,7 times and the third is 9,4 times.
They orbit their star at extremely rapid speeds—one whizzing around in just four days, compared with Earth’s 365 days, one taking 10 days and the slowest taking 20 days.
Mayor and colleagues used the High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher or Harps, a telescope at La Silla observatory in Chile, to find the planets.
More than 270 so-called exoplanets have been found.
Most are giants, resembling Jupiter or Saturn. Smaller planets closer to the size of Earth are far more difficult to spot.
None can be imaged directly at such distances but can be spotted indirectly using radio waves or, in the case of Harps, spectrographic measurements. As a planet orbits, it makes the star wobble

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.4694
Retrieved Text: Since tides are caused by the moon, I was wondering what would happen if a planet has more than 1 moon?
Tide goes in; Tide goes out. You can't explain that. sorry, I had to do it.
In all seriousness though. You'd probably just have two conflicting tides. Depending the attributes of these moons you may have tides that feed each other(higher amplitude waves), tides that cancel each other out(lower amplitude waves), just twice the amount of tides in a day.
All else unaffected this should be all the big differences.
I support February Steam of Foushoo, as he said, it all depends on the attributes of the moons, how big are they? Is there a significant size difference between them? Do they rotate around their planet at the same speed or one is faster than the other? Do they even rotate at the same angle like the rings of saturn or does one go from east to west and the other from north to south.
interference is a phenomenon in which two waves superpose to form a resultant wave of greater, lower, or the same amplitude.
with the waves being the tides.
Well let's say a planet as 3 moons, two small ones and one big. They are all tidally locked and have a circular orbit, the bigger moon orbiting the slowest and being the farthest. So what would happen to the tides?
I don't think we have enough information to answer this question. For example, we know the bigger moon is further away, but how much? And how much bigger is he?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.461077
Retrieved Text: Raumfahrt+Astronomie-Blog von CENAP - Blog: Astronomie - Aluminum may be key to making exosolar systems with water worlds Radioactive aluminum could control water content of planetary building blocks.
Should we expect all the planets of an exosolar system to have similar levels of water?
Mini-Neptunes. Super-Earths. There's a huge diversity of exoplanets out there, many of them unlike anything we have in our Solar System. So how does a single physical process—the aggregation of bodies within a disk of gas and dust—produce so many different outcomes?
That's a question tackled by a paper in this week's Nature Astronomy. An international team of researchers has modeled the formation of planets early in the history of exosolar systems. And they find it's possible to radically change the water content of planets based on the amount of a radioactive element present in the material forming the exosolar system. The difference, they suggest, can determine whether a system is filled with ocean worlds or whether it winds up looking more like our own Solar System.
We already have some idea of what sets the level of water on a planet. The material in a planet-forming disk is heated both by collisions among its material and from the inside-out by the star once it ignites. Different materials will freeze out at specific distances from the star, creating multiple snow lines for water, carbon dioxide, methane, and more. Depending on which side of the snow lines an exoplanet forms, it will have more or less of these materials.
Of course, things aren't that simple. Modeling suggests that

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.45686
Retrieved Text: A number of extrasolar planets have been found in the past two decades and now researchers agree that planets can have a wide variety of characteristics. However, it is still unclear how this diversity emerges. Especially, there is still debate about how the icy giant planets, such as Uranus and Neptune, form.
To take a close look at the planet formation site, a research team led by Takashi Tsukagoshi at Ibaraki University, Japan, observed the young star TW Hydrae. This star, estimated to be 10 million years old, is one of the closest young stars to the Earth. Thanks to the proximity and the fact that its axis of rotation points roughly in the Earth's direction, giving us a face-on-view of the developing planetary system, TW Hydrae is one of the most favorable targets for investigating planet formation.
Past observations have shown that TW Hydrae is surrounded by a disk made of tiny dust particles. This disk is the site of planet formation. Recent ALMA observations revealed multiple gaps in the disk . Some theoretical studies suggest that the gaps are evidence of planet formation.
The team observed the disk around TW Hydrae with ALMA in two radio frequencies. Since the ratio of the radio intensities in different frequencies depends on the size of the dust grains, researchers can estimate the size of dust grains. The ratio indicates that smaller, micrometer-sized, dust particles dominate and larger dust particles are absent in the most prominent gap with a radius of 22 astronomical units .
Why are smaller dust particles selectively located

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.446821
Retrieved Text: “Satellite imaging has revolutionized our knowledge of the Earth, with detailed images of nearly every street corner readily available online. But Planet Labs’ Will Marshall says we can do better and go faster — by getting smaller. He introduces his tiny satellites — no bigger than 10 by 10 by 30 centimeters — that, when launched in a cluster, provide high-res images of the entire planet, updated daily.” (source: http://www.ted.com/).

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.380505
Retrieved Text: A star at a distance of four light years, in galactic terms, is next door. This discovery was announced in Nature, in a paper entitled An Earth mass planet orbiting Alpha Centauri B, was based on the method of measuring variations of the radial velocity of the star.
Two bodies under gravitational attraction orbit each other around a point called the center of mass of the system. In the case of a star and a planet, where the mass of the latter is much higher than that of the former, the center of mass is very near the center of the star and ist movement is a orbit of extremely small radius (much smaller than the radius star). Still, the speed of the star in our line of sight (radial velocity) has a small oscillation. This team used an instrument designed specifically to measure these changes with great precision - High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher (HARPS) - installed at the European Southern Observatory at La Silla in Chile.
Nuno Santos is a researcher in CAUP (Center for Astrophysics in Porto University) whose success in detecting exoplanets has earned him the nickname of planet hunter.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.379646
Retrieved Text: Venus is a slightly smaller than the Earth, with a diameter 95% that of Earth (12,103 km) and a mass 81% that of Earth. If we could walk around on the surface of the planet (without being killed by the toxic blast furnace of an atmosphere), gravity would be close to that on the surface of Earth.
The interior of Venus is probably similar to Earth's interior. Venus, like Earth, is one of the terrestrial planets and is made of rock and metal. It probably has a partly molten metallic core, a rocky mantle, and a crust. The planet rotates very slowly, taking more than 243 Earth days to spin once on it's axis (even longer than the time it takes for Venus to orbit the Sun, about 225 Earth days). This may be the reason the planet doesn't have a magnetic field like many of the other planets, including Earth.
The varied terrain of Venus, including volcanoes, mountains, craters, and lava flows, suggests that the planet was once, and perhaps still is, geologically active. But basic questions about the interior of Venus remain, such as the thickness of the lithosphere.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.37961
Retrieved Text: Could a non-rotating planet, in a binary situation, have gravity?
Is it possible for a singular planet to rotate around a single sun in the same way that our moon rotates around the Earth? If so, would it be possible for that planet, if as large or larger than Earth, to have gravity?
Yes. Literally everything that has mass (and even some things that don’t) will “have gravity”. It is certainly possible for a single planet to orbit a single star (as opposed to our planet, for example, which is accompanied by the other planets of the solar system). In fact, if anything, a single planet will be more stable because it will not be perturbed by other massive bodies. But in all of these cases, gravity will certainly be present. For example, the reason a planet will even stick together to be a planet is because gravity holds it together.
Responding directly: Yes it is possible and is expected in cosmological time scale.
It is expected for both bodies to have the same face to the other with sufficient time, but the one of smaller mass will generally slow its rotation with respect to the body of major mass first, as strictly that phenomenon is connected to the angular moment of rotation, that moment is proportional to mass and speed of rotation, but other factors influence the loss of rotation (braking), such as the existence of fluids in the celestial body (plasma in the stars and atmosphere and water or other fluid in the planets and satellites, the denser

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.349054
Retrieved Text: Crop circles started out in the early days with simplicity, single circles or a few simple circles in close proximity to each other. Then complexity set in, increasingly, until breathtaking designs seemingly sending complex messages were discovered and captured on film for the world to ponder. Now, in early 2005, we are back to simplicity! Is there a message in this simplicity? Most certainly, as simplicity focuses the message, eliminates confusion, like a spotlight.
The message is that Planet X is Sun centered as viewed from Earth, standing between the Earth and Sun, and this overlapping influence will soon be apparent. The time is now, not years away. What are the indications in the early 2005 season circles that this is the message? Hoeven has a measured diameter that exactly matches our description of the diameter of Planet X and Earth, which we have described as being 4 times the diameter of Earth, the larger circle 8 meters, the smaller 2 meters. Ripley has a swirl showing a clear clockwise motion, the retrograde rotation of Planet X, this swirl becoming central as it is the clash of rotation direction that is one of the prime factors in rotation slowing. St. Catherines describes a relationship between 3, the Earth, Sun, and Planet X, with Planet X assuming influence over the Earth in the same manner that the Sun holds influence over Planet X.
In a world dominated by powers that seek to distract mankind, while lying through their teeth about the Earth changes and failing to warn mankind, the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.347555
Retrieved Text: Scientists believe that Earth as we know it is actually composed of two planets which, in the distant past, merged due to a head-on collision that was so violent that it resulted in the formation of our moon.
Prior to this, researchers believed that our Moon was created when a smaller planet referred to as Theia grazed Earth and split up, which resulted in smaller chunks (debris) being sent into space where Earths gravity captured them.
But, if this theory was correct, it would mean that the chemical composition of the moon is different from Earth since our satellite would have been made up mostly of fragments of Theia.
However, after studying moon rock samples brought back by Apollo mission astronauts, scientists from the University of California have discovered that oxygen isotopes are identical to those on Earth.
This suggests that the collision that occurred 4.5 billion years ago between Theia and Earth was so violent that it caused the two planets to meld together forming a new planet, and a chunk of the collision eventually led to the formation of our Moon.
Scientists analyzed seven lunar rocks which were brought back to Earth by the Apollo 12, 15 and 17 missions, and six volcanic rocks of the Earth’s mantle, five from Hawaii and one from Arizona. The study revealed a chemical signature in oxygen atoms which suggest that 99.9% of the oxygen of our planet is O-16, (because each atom has eight protons and eight neutrons).
But scientists also found small amounts of heavier isotopes of oxygen, O-17, which has an

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.343004
Retrieved Text: The Planet 20” Bike is our entry level, beginner bike for the younger and smaller rider. Therefore we have designed size, geometry and weight in order to make it as ideal as possible to learn to ride BMX and to have a great time. The Planet is available in 16” and 20”. The Planet 20” has a shorter 20.0” Top Tube and lower 7.0” bar for an easy and direct handling for the younger rider from about 150cm of size on. Key features are Mankind Control Alloy Stem with 50mm reach, fully sealed Mankind Control Cassette Hub, Chromoly 3-Piece Cranks and Mankind Control Plastic Pedals. Everybody say, rock it, don't stop it! Rock, rock to the Planet Rock!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.309181
Retrieved Text: 3. K-III: The squares of the periods are as the cubes of the major axes of the ellipses.
In August, MIT researchers identified an exoplanet with an extremely brief orbital period: The team found that Kepler 78b, a small, intensely hot planet 700 light-years from Earth, circles its star in just 8.5 hours—lightning-quick, compared with our own planet’s leisurely 365-day orbit. From starlight data gathered by the Kepler Space Telescope, the scientists also determined that the exoplanet is about 1.2 times Earth’s size—making Kepler 78b one of the smallest exoplanets ever measured.
Winn and his colleagues, including lead author Andrew Howard, of the University of Hawaii, publish their results this week in the journal Nature. The group’s results appear in the same issue as a paper published by a separate group in Geneva, reporting similar results—scientific agreement that Winn says adds confidence to the mass measurement.
Winn and his colleagues looked to measure Kepler 78’s Doppler shift by analyzing observations from the Keck Observatory in Hawaii—one of the largest telescopes in the world. The team analyzed starlight data taken over a period of eight days. Despite the telescope’s strength, the signal from the star was incredibly faint, making a daunting task for the scientists.
Sanchis-Ojeda was able to solve this puzzle by taking into account Kepler 78’s rotational period. By tracking the frequency at which certain starspots reappeared, Sanchis-Ojeda determined that the star completes a full rotation every 12.5 days—considerably longer than the planet’s orbital period of 8.5 hours. From these measurements, Sanchis-Ojeda was able to calculate the star’s true

================



======= Instance Index 1984 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are factory or wooded area. ):

More pollutants mean poorer air quality.


You would find better air near a factory or wooded area.?

Target Text: wooded area.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.032293
Retrieved Text: Ways To Find me a air duct Cleaning Services Near Me – There are so many ways that you can improve the air quality within your home. Some people will regularly vacuum and shampoo their carpets. Others will install devices that are able to filter the air. However, one of the better choices, if you have an HVAC system, is to make sure that your air duct vents are cleaned. When done regularly, you can avoid this constant buildup, some of which will become airborne and may cause respiratory problems. At the very least, you are going to see a definite increase in your airflow, making your entire heating ventilation and air conditioning system much more energy efficient. If you are in New York, and you are trying to find me a air duct cleaning services near me, this is how you can find the best company.
What Are The Benefits Of Using These Companies?
There are quite a few benefits to using an air duct cleaning service provider on a regular basis. They can reduce the potential for fires. They are able to eliminate mold that could be growing inside of your ducting system. In fact, as the mold continues to grow, and spores are released, this could lead to respiratory problems or people could start to get sick. In addition to this, you can save money on your heating and air conditioning bill. These benefits are well worth the price of this type of service. You may also want to consider hiring a company that specializes

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.5789
Retrieved Text: You can get the iPad Air from 0 locations near Yauco 00698 starting at $0 and going up to $0 - and it's available for pickup right today. Our store map shows shops with the Apple iPad Air in stock right away - get it tiger!
Try to find a good decision which iDevice config is the best for you.
Color your life by buying the iDevice in . Often folks think that electric devices must be black - so what do you like? Do you disagree?
Cause you cannot expand the storage capacity of your iDevice, you better rethink your selection. The iDevice is available with storage. As more internal memory your iDevice comes with, the more pictures, videos or audio you might put on it.
Think twice which network operator you pick and double check its network signal strength in areas you normally life at. iDeviceChecker.com received offers for an iDevice from .
Offer your chosen iPad Air near Yauco right away. Are selling your iPad Air right away.
Do you want to drive a longer way merely to shop your iDevice? Make a closer look at the area near Vega Baja or Aguas Buenas to get the iPad Air right away. If you like this site tell your friends about the iPhone 6 inventory checker on iDeviceChecker.com with Google+.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.533163
Retrieved Text: How To Find Leaks And Seal Them | Thornton Heating Service, Inc.
Your Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) system is in your home to provide ideal temperatures, so you could comfortably live even when the external environments are not so friendly to us humans.
We as homeowners would, of course, appreciate it when our equipment is performing well and effectively. It would then be safe to say that we and our HVAC are at the same side of the fence with a common goal, so it would only be right if we helped them out so that they could do their jobs better.
Many are unaware that our homes can have many places which can be a source for air leaks. These are gaps or crevices that are often unintended and allow coldness or warmth provided by our system to exit. Those that find their way out would have helped your units as needed temperatures would have been easily met and maintained if these had only stayed inside.
These cause your AC and furnace to work harder and longer than needed, increasing wear and tear and consumption of electricity and gas. Both of these effects would result in more money being paid and wasted as this could have been prevented.
Actually pinpointing where these are is tricky and will require a little creativity. Eyes alone won’t suffice as you probably won’t be able to find all of them solely through visual abilities.
You won’t be feeling for openings. On a windy or cold day with your heater turned on to warm

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.344374
Retrieved Text: Air Duct Cleaning Near Me Cleaning Fort Lauderdale.
Thanks to a powerful vacuum and filtration system, our Fort Lauderdale technicians will extract microscopic harmful contaminants and allergens that are floating around. With just one deep cleaning service, your home Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) will be measured and purified, which has an immediately positive effect on your health it’s as simple as that!Air Quality (IAQ) will be measured and purified, which has an immediately positive effect on your health its as simple as that!
Air Duct Cleaning Near Me Air Purification Techs dryer vent cleaning team is trained to find microscopic debris using better equipment.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.316025
Retrieved Text: Are you someone who avoids perfumes, scented lotions, and air fresheners because the smell is too overwhelming? Or perhaps the fragrance causes an adverse reaction. I used to love scented candles, plug-in air fresheners, scented lotions, and perfumes. Then they started to give me headaches. I’m sure many of you can relate.
I later came to find out that all of these scented items were made of synthetic, toxic chemicals. No wonder I was getting headaches! So, I completely stopped using anything scented with fragrance.
Then, I found essential oils and everything changed. I could make my environment smell nice in a completely natural, safe, and therapeutic way.
I’m currently traveling for a doTERRA leadership conference, and the place I’m staying is a little too generous with the air fresheners. Thankfully, it’s just in the hallways and not in my room. Every time I enter the hallway I have to hold my breath because the smell is so overpowering. Nothing about it smells natural. It has a strong chemical, synthetic characteristic to it.
Instead, I wish more people and public places would use natural options like essential oils. They’re so easy, safe, and affordable.
While I can’t control the air I breathe in public places, I can control the air in my home. Using essential oils to clean and freshen my home helps reduce the toxic burden on my body, so when I’m in public places breathing in less than desirable air, my body can handle it better.
While diffusing oils in your home is a super easy and effective way to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.304516
Retrieved Text: Is there enough power under the hood of your BMW X3? How would you know if you haven't tried to harness all of it yet? Why not release more torque and horsepower, not to mention better gas mileage, by installing one of our top of the line and custom-fitting NMW X3 cold air intake systems? Whether you want a cold air intake, a recharge kit, throttle bodies or any other X3 air intake system component, AutoAnything sells them all and we only carry the biggest brands in the business including Injen, Jet, Pacesetter, Quadzilla, BBK and AEM.
Looks good! Havent noticed any power/mpg gains yet. It didnt install very easy. Only 2 of the holes for the box lined up with the trucks chassis. I had to drill the 3rd out to install and the 4th bolt wasn't possible. The plastic tube and rubber couplers all seemed too short. Which made it hard to install. The opening in the side of the box near the fender doesn't line up with the fender openings for the truck. Not a bad product just needs some updates from aFe to fit better.
And, because of the fact that they're custom-made to fit your ride, our BMW X3 cold air intakes are also so easy to install that many of our handiest owners can do the job themselves for free. They're also all backed by the AutoAnything 1-year lower price guarantee. That means, if you manage to find someone else selling the same BMW X3 cold air intake system you bought with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.00956
Retrieved Text: Mice like tiny crack and holes in your walls, and use them to get inside your house. You can find their nests in furthest corner of your home.
The market offers so many cockroach repellents, and most of them are probably effective, but who needs health-harmful chemicals near their family?
Insomnia has become a real problem, and it affects people at any age. Does it make you feel better now that you know that you are not the only insomniac?
Certain plants can improve air quality and eliminate dirt or toxins. These act as filters, and they remove pollutants from the air.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.96016
Retrieved Text: Get fast services from local heating and air conditioning companies. … Ductless Mini Split Mitsubishi Weir Lake Pa. Heating Repair Service Near Me Delps Pa .
Find Ductless Air Conditioning. Search Faster, Better & Smarter at ZapMeta Now!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.859612
Retrieved Text: Search all for sale homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD. The listings gathered on our site are streamed directly from the Maryland MLS and updated throughout the day. You’re able to search homes just like we do 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!
Homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD are in the heart of Harford County and provide you with easy accessibility to main thoroughfares such as, Route 543, Route 1, and Interstate 95 making the homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD a dream for commuters traveling in any direction for work. Just North of downtown Bel Air, Southampton Middle School is close enough to be convenient getting in and out of Bel Air within minutes. The homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD are a great place to call home with easy access to parks, walking trails, biking, shopping, dining and so much more. Homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD are only 10 miles from Aberdeen Proving Ground, providing great housing opportunities for our military members stationed there. To find out what you home near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD is worth, please complete this simple form.
The data being used in this market report is consolidated from several sources and includes active listings, sold listings and past market trends. Whether you are looking to buy or sell in Bel Air MD, this report can be a great resource in researching your area. Use the community Info tab to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.817955
Retrieved Text: Scorching heat during summers can exhaust your energy level. That is why, coming after a hard day’s work at home, your Air Conditioning unit is something that makes you feel comfortable and relaxed. Some would say that central air conditioning may not always be possible then it is wise to look for window units. But in case both the options are unmatched in your case, you can always find more cool air in your home with split air conditioning system. But before you jump into any conclusion of split system installation you better look through some general information like what and why would you choose it?
In any split air conditioner system, you will find two main parts, the outdoor unit, and the indoor unit. This outdoor unit is installed near the wall outside or even in the room where you want it to be cool and the indoor unit is the sleek part of the appliance. The outdoor unit has the condenser coil, compressor and expansion coil. The indoor unit has the cooling coil, an air filter, and a long blower.
Before figuring out the process of split system installation you should know that this type of air conditioning system is different from other types of AC units. The main cause is that this system does not require any ductwork. Both the outdoor and indoor units only require some electrical wiring and tubing.
Why Choose Split Air Conditioner?
It has a R410A refrigerant that is used to cool or heat the area. It is very environmental-friendly.
In most of the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.769032
Retrieved Text: We Are Hiring For Ticketing Executive in Kolkata Airport.
Salary : 15000 to 25000/- Per Month.
FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD recruiting Air Hostess candidates nearby Kolkata.FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD vacancies for Air Hostess is recruited through Written-test, Face to Face Interview etc.
FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD Company recruits a lot of candidates every year based on the skills Computer Operater. The candidates with 12th Pass (HSE), Any Graduate are selected to full fill the vacancies in Steward / Hospitality job field. The candidates nearby Kolkata can apply for Air Hostess position in FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD. All candidates should have a degree or post-graduation in the required field based on the requirement mentioned. The jobs are available in Full Time basis. When it comes to the FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD recruitment, candidates are mostly chosen for the department of Steward / Hospitality . To learn more about the current jobs and other details, it is better to go through official site of FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD and Freshersworld. Find the latest jobs near you and near your home. So, that you don’t need to relocate. The Freshersworld is a leading employment portal that researches the official site of FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD and provides all the details about the current vacancies, the application process, selection process, interview test details, important dates and other information. Search and apply for the top job positions in FLYINSKYAVIATION.PVT.LTD and near your city and get a secured career.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.743317
Retrieved Text: At www.airconditionerrepaircontractor.com browse helpful DIY project resources on ac system damage repair, while you explore details on suggested solutions for bad attic insulation issues & fact sheets on energy efficient electric forced air heater. Quotes on installation of ductless air systems for your house, as you research home improvement & maintenance tips by using our website for btu calculations and read mmanuals for help with how to fix problems related to ac unit not cooling. Refer to informative online journal on heating and air systems by certified local specialists in your town. Review ratings on the best service pros near you for residential or commercial projects. Directory listing of driers, refrigerant, safety equipment, ventilation fans, hvac tools, fiberglass insulation. What makes us unique is we tailor our business to what our customers want and need. And that's exactly what all the contractors and suppliers on our website believe in. Our product listing pages will help you find copper lineset, heat pump filter driers, hvac transformers, relays, evaporative coolers, ventilation, control boards, motor mounts, power gable fans supplied by local contractors and dealers. If you have additional questions, contact the selling company and they would be happy to provide you with all the information you need to know prior to buying roof, wall & eave caps, fuel pipe, switches, pressure controls, motors, indoor air quality, box relay, t-bar lay-in, dryer vents & hoods.
Browse advertisement and local business directories of Air Conditioner Repair Contractor In Montana City MT for bad grille. Search and buy home air conditioner system,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.645533
Retrieved Text: There are many possibilities that could lead to your air conditioning smelling when in use. However, a common issue as to why your AC may be smelling when it’s on may just be problems with your ducts. Often times, your ducts can have build up from dust or mildew sucked in from the outside because of bad airflow.
It could be a number of issues, so the best and most accurate thing to do is to call a professional to come and check it and see what’s going on. We can do a full test on it for rust, mildew, or buildup, whatever it is and it would help to determine if it’s something simple or if you’d need to replace all of your equipment.
We also offer a lot of high end products that help to rid your home of airborne pathogens and particles such as the AirScrubber Plus. These additional products help with cleaning your air and may fix your smell issue all together.
Would Changing a Filter Help?
If you get a better filter, yes, because you are actually cleaning air. The higher the MERV rating for the filter you are using, the better the air quality is in your home. If you have pets at home or if you live near a dusty area or near a field, you may get more allergens due to your geographic location. It is a good idea to have the best air cleaners and filters so you can breathe healthy, pure air all year long.
The more buildup you have in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.566622
Retrieved Text: Since smoke rises, install smoke alarms on or near the ceiling.
Smoke alarms are your first line of defense against a fire in your home. Here’s what you need to know about smoke alarms, including which type to choose and how to install and maintain them in your house.
Optical Detectors: Less prone to false alarms and will react faster to smoldering fires.
Ionization Detectors: Better at sensing flaming fires but prone to false alarms.
Combination Detectors: Use optical and ionization sensors in the same unit to provide protection from both types of fires.
Place an alarm in or near each bedroom of your home.
Write the replacement date on each battery and change batteries as needed or every 6 to 12 months.
Clean alarms yearly by gently vacuuming or blow detectors out with canned air.
Replace the alarms every 10 years.
where are national guidelines on how know when detector has expired?
Are there detectors that do not expire?
I have the same problem. Electrician wants 75.00 for service call and I have to go out and buy the smoke detector for him to install.
Your film clip was grossly misnamed in that it did not include any instructions at all pertaining to how to install a smoke detector. How to choose, where to place, what to expect, etc., but not how to install. As what I was trying to find out at 1:30 a.m. was how to uninstall one which keeps beeping about every 15 minutes, it was a waste of time. It would be a mercy if you would recommend to landlords that they install

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.5439
Retrieved Text: Commonly referred to as Detroit Metro Airport it is an international airport that has a large global presence.Book a hotel near Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County airport for the ultimate convenience and comfort. Compare discount rates for Romulus hotels and motels near Merriman Road in our Romulus, Michigan MI hotel guide.Use the links below to read detailed information about Detroit Wayne County airport: location, route maps, live departures and arrivals etc.
Find cheap flights from Greenville-Spartanburg to Detroit Wayne County with Skyscanner.
Yet, despite being in the downtrodden Detroit metro area, DTW has a lot to offer.
Detroit Metropolitan-Wayne County Airport (DTW) The primary gateway to Asia, Detroit Metro Airport makes travel accessible for all visitors.
Book a room at Howard Johnson Romulus, Detroit Metro Airport hotel off Interstate 94 near Detroit Metro Airport for comfort you can count on.
Maps, phone numbers and directions to businesses around the airport in Detroit, MI 48242.Detroit Airport is a primary airport, aka DTW - Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, that serves Detroit, Michigan.Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW) is almost 5,000 acres (2,023.4 hectares) in size, making it one of the largest air transport hubs in the USA. DTW Airlines Parking is the largest Detroit Airport Parking facility at DTW Airport.
Hotels near Wayne County Airport, Detroit on TripAdvisor: Find 4,718 traveler reviews, 14,342 candid photos, and prices for 30 hotels near Wayne County Airport in Detroit, MI.Take the train or walk to enjoy a variety of restaurants and high-end shopping.Travel the world better at one of many top hotels close to DTW airport.Find a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.458935
Retrieved Text: There’s nothing better than clean carpets. They look better, feel softer, and smell fresher. Carpet cleaning can also improve your indoor air quality. Carpets and rugs are excellent dust magnets, especially in newer homes. Traping more dirty air than most air ducts, like all filters they need cleaning. That’s why 50% of Americans clean their carpets yearly, while 34% of homeowners clean their carpets every six months! A1 Sparkles is the smarter, cheaper, and better carpet cleaner near you. Now you can always have rugs that sparkle!
You want local Philadelphia Suburbs cleaning services professionals with great reviews and friendly technicians. Most importantly a certified cleaning company you can trust. No tricks, just excellent service, and guaranteed best rates.
We understand your carpet is a considerable investment. We work hard to clean it and keep it healthy for years to come.
We offer everything you need for the safest carpet cleaning in the Philly area. We are carpet manufacture compliant and endorsed. From the time, you contact us to the arrival of your carpet cleaners you’ll notice we focus on exceeding customer expectations.
100% Satisfaction Guarantee. After your cleaning and before we pack up for the next job if you are not 100% satisfied we’ll re-clean the area for free.
If You Find a Better Price, We’ll Beat It! Our rates are so competitive if you find a similar cleaning service we will match or beat their cleaning rates.
The secret to a healthy carpet is removing the dirt you can’t see. Used for all Rug Spa rug cleaning, pile-lifting is the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.43253
Retrieved Text: Whether it be Philly, Boston, or the one near and dear to my heart, Manhattan, every city has so much to offer. Going to college near a city reminds you that a learning experience is not contained within the walls of a classroom and that there are always better dining options than your cafeteria. Since I went to college in Riverdale, NY, NYC was only a few stops away on the 1 train. And yes, while the subway at times seemed more like a burden than a blessing, I never took for granted the twenty-minute ride that transported me from the stillness of Van Cortlandt Park to the liveliness of Columbus Circle.
New York City gave me the opportunity to intern at places I would have never imagined. I was able to intern at The United Nations for six months and enjoy the view of the East River and the Pepsi-Cola sign. Internships at PEN America and Penguin Random House allowed me to explore the streets of Soho. If I had not been near the city, I would not have been able to work with these organizations based in the heart of Manhattan. The city opened doors I didn’t even know existed for a college student and allowed me to network, building professional and personal relationships with people for years to come.
Is there anything else I really need to say about this? When I was tired of eating chicken fingers and fries, I knew I was only a subway ride away from Korean fried chicken, halal food,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.40236
Retrieved Text: At www.airconditionerrepaircontractor.com find ultimate DIY resources on ac unit restoration, while you browse through suggested solutions for bad register issues & expert report on energy efficient natural gas furnace. Get free estimates on replacing old ductless air conditioners for your house, as you analyze house renovation consumer guide by using our website for btu sizing and troubleshooting problems related to ac won t turn on. Refer to informative online journal on hvac products by proficient local consultants in your city. Review ratings on the top 10 service pros near you for home or business projects. Consumer products reviews and ratings on soldering supplies, heat pump filter driers, refrigeration products, hvac aftermarket supplies, compressors controls, copper lineset. What makes us unique is we tailor our business to what our customers want and need. And that's exactly what all the contractors and suppliers on our website believe in. Our product listing pages will help you find chillers, hvac compressors, heating components, hvac thermocouples, solenoid valves, freon, ignitors/reignitors, coils, air quality products supplied by local contractors and dealers. If you have additional questions, contact the selling company and they would be happy to provide you with all the information you need to know prior to buying non-programmable thermostats, sight glasses, gas valves, liquid line filter driers, fan motors, uv filters, roof, wall & eave caps, suction line filter driers, registers.
Browse listings of Air Conditioner Repair Contractor In Ashburn VA for bad diffuser. Browse through cyber deals on home ac & heat system, replacing forced heating, troubleshooting ductless heating and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.400728
Retrieved Text: How Can I Find the Right Car Detailing Services near me?
Your car is one of the most precious things you possess, which is why you would want to take the best care of it. A small dent or scratch is all it takes to ruin its beauty, but there are a lot of other things that could adversely affect your car. Most of these things are not known to a casual car owner, but comes to haunts him/her if not taken care of. So, if you have the question in your mind “How Can I Find the Right Car Detailing Services near me?”, then this post will help you to get the right solution.
Cars are one of the finest examples of human engineering, as they are made up of a huge number of machineries. These parts require regular maintenance, else they lose their efficiency. Car detailing is one of the best ways to tackle the situation. That's what I would do, starting from finding car detail services near me.
The reason why I would opt for car detail services near me is because it increases the chances that I would regularly go for car detailing. Kentucky doesn't lack for good car detailing service providers, so you have ample options to choose from. The closer it is to your home, the better it will be for you.
​The next thing I would look for while I chose car detail services near me is the trust factor. You would surely want to go for a person who would care for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.39942
Retrieved Text: Welcoming passengers travelling on board and directing them to their seats.
Alliance Air operates air services to 53 destinations with a fleet of 16 ATR 72-600 (70 Seater) and 2 ATR 42-320 (48 Seater) aircraft.
Flights are operated mostly to Tier-2 and Tier-3 Cities or those which link these cities to the metro hubs. Alliance Air has 800 flight departures per week and 114 flight departures per day.
Alliance Air Services pvt ltd recruiting Cabin Crew candidates nearby Hyderabad, Guwahati, Silchar, Pune, Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Paradeep, Puri, Rourkela, Agra, Ghaziabad, Asansol, Durgapur, Haldia, Kharagpur, Kolkata, Siliguri, Brahmapur, Bhatpara, Maheshtala, Kamarhati, Bardhaman, Gopalpur, Panihati, Baranagar, Nagaon, Sambalpur.Alliance Air Services pvt ltd vacancies for Cabin Crew is recruited through Written-test, Face to Face Interview etc.
Alliance Air Services pvt ltd Company recruits a lot of candidates every year based on the skills . The candidates with BA, Certificate Course (ITI), MA, 12th Pass (HSE), 10th Pass (SSC) are selected to full fill the vacancies in Others job field. The candidates nearby Hyderabad, Guwahati, Silchar, Pune, Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Paradeep, Puri, Rourkela, Agra, Ghaziabad, Asansol, Durgapur, Haldia, Kharagpur, Kolkata, Siliguri, Brahmapur, Bhatpara, Maheshtala, Kamarhati, Bardhaman, Gopalpur, Panihati, Baranagar, Nagaon, Sambalpur can apply for Cabin Crew position in Alliance Air Services pvt ltd. All candidates should have a degree or post-graduation in the required field based on the requirement mentioned. The jobs are available in Full Time basis. When it comes to the Alliance Air Services pvt ltd recruitment, candidates are mostly chosen for the department of Others . To learn more about the current jobs

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.279943
Retrieved Text: >would you hold it near as it were your own?
>perhaps they're better left unsung.
>let there be songs to fill the air.
>that was not made by the hands of men.
>that path is for your steps alone.
>if you should stand then who's to guide you?
>If I knew the way I would take you home.
(which are similar to Prashant's) but he also gave me some tablature.
sent by "John Lockney! (bs cmsc)"
Grave um vídeo tocando Ripple e mande pra gente!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.26616
Retrieved Text: I can not recall anything just north of Omaha on I-29. I would think that the best bet is one of the nice newer hotels near Bass Pro Shops and Actually , your best bet near the Zoo is just across the river in Council Bluffs, Iowa, there are a lot The hotel is The Homewood Suites by Hilton Omaha is conveniently located near Eppley Airport, the Old Market District, Durham Western Heritage Museum, Holland Performing Arts Center, the Qwest Center, and Henry Doorly Zoo. In recent years, downtown You can purchase tickets at ticketmaster.com for show jumping or dressage, charge by phone at 1-800-745-3000 or at the CenturyLink Center Omaha box office. You can find a list of hotels petting zoo for kids. Lauritzen Gardens is located near the Find Henry Doorly Zoo accommodation deals here on Expedia.com.au Book your South Omaha hotel with our easy booking widget Save money on Henry Doorly Zoo hotels with the Expedia Finding your dream hotel near Henry Doorly Zoo is easy when you search The SAS was once known as the Strategic Air Command Museum, before it relocated from near Offutt Air Force Base Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium is home to several exhibits. The Omaha zoo isn’t just for summertime. With its indoor attractions, including July 16, 2010 - PRLog Zoo Bucks, Two complimentary drink tokens for the Firewater Grille, and Two (2) Adults and Two (2) Children's passes to the Henry Doorly Zoo The Comfort Inn & Suites Omaha is conveniently located off I-80 at 72nd

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.252998
Retrieved Text: Check the air quality forecast in the morning. Limit exercise or strenuous activities outdoors when the Air Quality Index (AQI) is orange or higher. Exercise indoors and save yard work for a day when the forecast is better.
If you or your child has severe asthma, you may also want to limit outdoor activity if the AQI is at yellow.
If the air quality is at red or purple, avoid outdoor activities.
If your child is going to someone else’s home, walk the supervising parent through your child’s asthma action plan.
If your child has been outside, have him or her change clothes to avoid bringing outdoor allergens into the home, then wash those clothes in hot water.
Always avoid exercise near high-traffic areas. Areas within a third of a mile of a busy highway are likely to have much more pollution even when the rest of the community has a green air quality forecast.
Find out more from the American Lung Association.
Get more tips for managing asthma.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.217766
Retrieved Text: Ground Staff Jobs in Arrah,Bhagalpur,Biharsharif - Redcrew Air Services Pvt. Ltd.
About Redcrew Air Services Pvt. Ltd.
Redcrew Air Services Pvt. Ltdfirst time in india Redcrew brings free training for candidatesEver in the pursuit for excellence, Redcrew Aviation Services strives to bridge the void between you and the global arena. Capitalizing on its in-depth domain knowledge and expertise in the field, the organization grew from a mere Aviation Srvices provider to a diverse business conglomerate, which now is parent to various Institutes that offer a plethora of services.
Redcrew Air Services Pvt. Ltd. recruiting Ground Staff Experienced(0 to 1 Years) candidates candidates nearby Bhagalpur, Patna, Aizawal, Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Paradeep, Puri, Rourkela, Gangtok, Asansol, Durgapur, Haldia, Kharagpur, Kolkata, Siliguri, Arrah, Purnia, Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Brahmapur, Bhatpara, Maheshtala, Kamarhati, Bardhaman, Gopalpur, Panihati, Baranagar, Gaya, Munger, Biharsharif, Katihar, Hajipur, Sambalpur, Namchi.Redcrew Air Services Pvt. Ltd. vacancies for Ground Staff is recruited through Written-test, Face to Face Interview etc.
Redcrew Air Services Pvt. Ltd. Company recruits a lot of Experienced(0 to 1 Years) candidates candidates every year based on the skills . The candidates with 10th Pass (SSC) are selected to full fill the vacancies in Others job field. The candidates nearby Bhagalpur, Patna, Aizawal, Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Paradeep, Puri, Rourkela, Gangtok, Asansol, Durgapur, Haldia, Kharagpur, Kolkata, Siliguri, Arrah, Purnia, Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Brahmapur, Bhatpara, Maheshtala, Kamarhati, Bardhaman, Gopalpur, Panihati, Baranagar, Gaya, Munger, Biharsharif, Katihar, Hajipur, Sambalpur, Namchi can apply for Ground Staff position in Redcrew Air Services Pvt. Ltd.. All candidates should have a degree or post-graduation in the required field based on the requirement mentioned.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.20285
Retrieved Text: Madman Entertainment :: View topic - Near, L or Mello?
The Madman Madboards > Death Note > Near, L or Mello?
Posted: Thu Oct 08, 2009 9:10 pm Post subject: Near, L or Mello?
Which detective do you like more?
Personally I like Near his personality is similar to mine and I like how he sits.
L by far is the better of the three.
Damn right! L had his own 'air' of awesomeness, he was such a brilliant, enigmatic creature. Love his weird habits too.
"Every great battle is preceded by a keyboard solo"
L is definately one of the best characters in the whole series. I wouldn't mind seeing some kind of background story about him, such as some of the other cases he worked on before the "Kira" case and maybe some more personal history. Not that this is likely to happen but it would be interesting to watch or read, a quality OVA would be good.
Have you read the BB Murder Cases yet? There is some information about L I'm there. It's really hard to find and costs alot. I imported mine from America.
No, is it a novel? Can you post the ISBN number and the full title on here or PM it to me please?
I'm ordering the Death Note Live movie boxset to watch now that I've finished the anime. And I've got the 1st volume of the manga to read still so I may get the rest depending on whether I enjoy it or not.
Sure. It's really good do you want a synopsis for it as well? Oh

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.201506
Retrieved Text: Finding homes for sale in Spokane for incoming military personnel is becoming easier with advances in technology and communications. Sometimes, though it can be a tough decision choosing between official government housing and searching for Spokane real estate. Does one prefer the convenience of military housing or perhaps investing in a home and commuting to the base? At many bases, military housing is limited and not available for quite a long waiting period, usually after one is settled in to some other neighborhood. If you do decide to live on the economy, the next task becomes finding a Realtor that understands the military lifestyle, what a military family is looking for in a new home.
If you are transferring to FAFB and would like to know the BAH rates you can find them here.
Serving in the United States armed forces poses many unique challenges. One of those challenges is frequency of finding suitable, affordable and comfortable housing for yourself and perhaps your family each and every time new permanent change of station (PCS) orders moves you to a new location somewhere around to the globe or here at home in the U.S.
Fairchild Air Force Base (FAFB) is Spokane County's second largest employer. More specifically, the 92nd Air Refueling Wing is the county's second largest employer. This, of course, includes all the tenant commands at FAFB not just the air wing itself. Reportedly, as of November 2007, there were 4,960 full time employees at FAFB. Of this total, there were 3,723 active duty military and 1,327 civil service

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.159498
Retrieved Text: Have lived in both places, Beaches and Mountains have good and bad points. The beach can be warm, wonderful, then cold miserable, high waves. The mountains can be absolutly gorgeous, Springtime come to mind, more to do than on the beach. Yes it gets cold windy, snow, in the mountains. Both places are great to visit and live. Be prepared for a great titme at either.
Beach!!! I have ocean water flowing through my veins.....!!! The smell of the ocean makes me happy. I love the mountains and have enjoyed many wonderful times there, but no place could come close to the beach!!! Even as crowed as it can be......the beach, the beach, the beach!!!!!
I would choose to be near the coolness of mountains! Beaches are nice vacation places, but long term, the fresh air and cool breezes win out!
Well, you can climb the mountains, hunt in the forests, fish the streams, hike and see some breathtaking views, snow ski in the mountains, drive/bike some really curvy fun roads in the mountains, and it is always cooler in the mountains than at the base.
All that being said, I prefer the ocean any day. I am a consumate beach walker, a shell seeker, a snorkeler, a swimmer, and a picnicing-adult-beverage-drinking, people watching machine. I have a toast for every sunset, a sand auger for my umbrella, & a taste for salt on my skin & sand between my toes. Nothing is better than the sound of surf to lull you to sleep, and no one sleeps better than

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.130651
Retrieved Text: When you are in a plane of a light plane flying near a mountain range, it is quite tempting to shoot a few landscape photos; But the conditions will stay very difficult for the photographer. There are many traps and the results may loose a lot of quality compared to what you expected.
First, you must be seated near a window (and on the right side) and you must avoid the presence of the wing and/or an engine which could reduce the view. Choose your seat wisely at check-in time or politely negotiate with the passenger better seated.
The engines of the plane produce a lot of air turbulence that is very perceptible just behind them. Seat sufficiently in front (unfortunately, the more expensive seat are often in the front of the plane).
Air moisture and dust are less problematic at high altitude than at ground level, but you will probably shoot your landscapes from very far. Only when the sky is very clear can you try a flight. Then you would limit the atmospheric veil to its minimum. It’s even better to fly early in the morning (the light is nicer and the air moisture is still mostly on the ground). Chance must fly with you (or you will have to compensate with perseverance).
Then, a plane shakes a lot. Even more when it’s a small plane. Not as much as a helicopter, but it is definitely not stable! So, choose a fast shutter speed. Worse: Those vibration frequencies are not well compensated by the image stabilizer of your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.125107
Retrieved Text: Here are some photos of my FUELATV intake with complete aluminum air box. Once the box is installed it will add more area then the stock box. This intake uses the same oversized billet adaptor, NEW intake tube and inverted cone filter as my air box eliminator intake. The box has a front, bottom and sides ..... no lid. The air box version and the air box eliminator version made the same HP numbers on the dyno.
We ride, test and use all the products we sell. No drop shipments, No broken promises, No BS, Just Top quality proven parts at a great price. PM me for the best prices, best service and best delivery. Everyone else talks the talk we walk the walk. FUELATV is always testing to make better products and more HP for you ........ its just the way we do it.
FUELATV Bumpers, Cooler Racks, Anti-Vibe stems, DASA Exhaust Systems, i-shock supension, Yoshimura, Power Commanders, Custom Graphics kits, Gripper seat covers, Flexx bars, Precision Stablizers, and More.
hey fuel, i was just wondering when these shipped out. i ordered one a few weeks ago and i just want to know a rough day i might get it by.
All air box kits on order have shipped out. These kits are instock now and ready to ship. UPS Quantumview Notify e-mails were sent out with the tracking numbers to the e-mail address on the paypal payment. PM me with the name and address on the payment and i can get your tracking number if you have not

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.102995
Retrieved Text: Search all for sale homes near Bel Air Middle School in Bel Air MD. The listings gathered on our site are streamed directly from the Maryland MLS and updated throughout the day. You’re able to search homes just like we do 24 hours a day. Homes near Bel Air Middle School in Bel Air MD are in the heart of Harford County and provide you with easy accessibility to main thoroughfares such as, Route 22, Route 1, Route 543 and Interstate 95 making the homes near Bel Air Middle School in Bel Air MD a dream for commuters traveling North, South, East or West for work. Just north of downtown Bel Air, Bel Air Middle School is close enough to be convenient getting in and out of Bel Air, but just far enough where you can find a little more rural atmosphere, larger home lots and somewhat less hustle and bustle of downtown Bel Air. The homes near Bel Air Middle School in Bel Air MD are a great place to call home with easy access to parks, walking trails, biking, shopping, dining and so much more. Homes near Bel Air Middle School in Bel Air MD are only 14 miles from Aberdeen Proving Ground, providing great housing opportunities for our military members stationed there. To find out what you home near Hickory Elementary School in Bel Air MD is worth, please complete this simple form.
Free Market Report for Homes Near Hickory Elementary School in Bel Air MDThe data being used in this market report is

================



======= Instance Index 1269 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are slow or fast ):

The more energy the particles in matter have, the faster and more strongly they vibrate.


Someone that has a lot of energy will be slow or fast?

Target Text: fast

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.243912
Retrieved Text: If you are a business owner, you re no doubt always trying to find new ways that you can further improve your business. Everyone who is searching for this will definitely have a look around themselves, and try to see what big businesses are doing. It is certainly a very good idea for people to do this so that they can get some great new ideas on how to further improve their business.
Someone who has a look at what other big businesses are doing to improve themselves will find that a lot of these businesses have got bookkeeping services. The reason why this is so is because business owners who have gotten bookkeeping services have discovered that there are so many advantages that they can enjoy from it. Someone who has never had bookkeeping services before might be curious to find out what exactly the benefits of getting bookkeeping services actually are. Today, we are going to have a quick glance at some of the really many benefits that everyone who is a business owner will definitely enjoy when he or she decides to go and get bookkeeping services for his or her business.
When you get bookkeeping services, you can save yourself a lot of time and energy. People who are business owner certainly have a lot of things that they will have to do in their business. And people who are business owners certainly do not want to have to spend their time doing the bookkeeping of their business as well. Everyone should know that

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.516848
Retrieved Text: Stress is an inevitable part of life. Whether you’re someone who is sensitive to stress or someone who has a lot of stress to deal with, healthy coping is what makes the difference in our ability to function and carry on. I take time to assess behavioral patterns, functions, and together we will discuss your current coping and effectiveness. You may realize that you’ve been spending a lot of time and energy focusing on everyone else’s needs and finding that you have little energy and time for yourself. For you, self-care may be about bringing back pleasure and joy via hobbies or activities. Or we may find that your self-care actually means, having to say “no” more often and putting boundaries so that you don’t feel so overwhelmed and over-committed.
Remember, an empty lantern provides no light. In order for you to be effective in managing your multiple responsibilities, you must take care of yourself. Together, we can come up with meaningful ways for you to replenish and nurture yourself.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.963419
Retrieved Text: At this point in our ascension there are MANY spiritual teachers to follow and many more are emerging every day. It can be tough to figure out who and what information to trust. When you are first awakening this can be especially difficult as you are still learning how to read out someone’s energy to determine whether they are coming from a place of love and light or not. I’ll share some points below based on what I have observed and experienced so far.
This was one I noticed very quickly after my awakening, especially on YouTube and videos. When someone has put a lot of work into themselves their energy becomes very magnetic and you can feel that divine loving presence strongly. This is great of course, but this also has an effect that you should be aware of. The first time I noticed this was watching a female on YouTube that was sharing information. Her energy was very loving, bright, and magnetic and found her to be attractive with a great smile as well. What I ended up coming to awareness of was that all of these factors were essentially hypnotizing in a way to the point that I was agreeing with a lot of the information that was being shared, without really processing the information and reflecting on it myself to see if it resonated. I don’t watch a lot of videos anymore because of this, there is just too much that I pick up that can interfere, to see if what is being

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.96253
Retrieved Text: If you are a homeowner, you no doubt want your home to be the best that it can possibly be at all times. All people that want this should definitely see to it that their house is always very well maintained all the time. People should have a look at their house, because they might find something such as their walls not being painted very well. Everyone that finds that this is the case in their house should definitely make sure that they go and do something about it right away. The best thing that you can do about this is to go and get residential painting services. When you get residential painting services, you will find that there are a lot of benefits that you will enjoy. Someone who has never done this before will certainly be wondering right now what exactly the benefits that come along with residential painting services are exactly. Right now, we are going to have a quick glance at a few of the plentiful advantages that all people who go on ahead and get residential painting services for their house will most certainly enjoy when they do so.
When you get residential painting services, you can enjoy the fact that your house will be very well painted indeed. Everyone today should know that painting is actually a difficult job, a lot harder than it might look at first. That is why when people attempt to paint their house on their own, they will discover the hard way that it is a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.697836
Retrieved Text: A lot of individuals have adopted the healthy way of taking food; however, sometimes it can be confusing on how to know the right calorie intake for any lady. A person must channel that energy into looking for a diet plan that works for your body because your system and that of someone else who is giving the diet are not the same, and there are some things that will clash; therefore, find what works for you and go for it. When people are wondering how to balance calorie intake in a woman’s body; there are a couple of tips that can assist an individual in hitting that target as discussed in this article.
Women who walk regularly and exercise for about 30 minutes or more, are considered active, and the number of calories taken by such an individual is different compared to someone who is inactive. Such a person is in the position to maintain their weight considering that they exercise a lot and are in a position to burn the calories after consuming as much as much calories as possible. An active lady should consider having a balanced meal full of healthy and organic foods, so that it is easy to balance your workout sessions and ensure that a person does not use all the energy accumulated and at the same time there will be no accumulation of bad calories in your body.
Someone who walks for about two miles and has a workout session going for around 25 minutes is a moderate active woman but,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.683878
Retrieved Text: Excess Capacity is the ability for a person to cope with additional stresses every day. People with an auto-immune illness, like Lupus, generally have very little excess capacity.
Airline pilots have an expression – ‘excess capacity’. Excess capacity is the ability for anyone to cope with additional stress and pressure in their lives.
Someone who is stressed and having difficulty dealing with their normal everyday life has very little excess capacity, very little ability to cope with any new stresses that might come their way. Most, if not all, of their ‘capacity’ is used to deal with their day-to-day life – their job, their co-workers, their family, their commuting time, etc.
Someone with a chronic illness, like Lupus, generally starts their day with less ‘excess capacity’ than the average person would. Dealing with the symptoms of a chronic illness, like Lupus, requires a lot of effort and uses a lot of energy leaving far less capacity for that person to easily deal with everything else in their life. The less capacity a person starts their day with, the less capable they are at handling additional stresses that come their way. It’s easy to see why a person with a chronic illness will often find themselves struggling what they have to deal with on a day-to-day basis is often far more than their capacity to cope.
Christine Miserandino describes this ability to cope as the Spoon Theory. Every day, a person with a chronic illness has a limited amount of energy to spend on their daily tasks. Ms. Miserandino uses spoons

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.611225
Retrieved Text: However, even if someone is not consciously aware of what is going on, it won’t stop them from taking evasive action. Thus, as their body has picked up on what is taking place, it won’t matter if their mind hasn’t.
If someone was to spend even a few minutes in the company of someone who has a bad energy, they may soon start to feel as though their life force is being sucked from them. Spending an hour in this persons company is then going to greatly damage their wellbeing.
This person is not going to need to say anything to have a negative effect on others; they will simply need to show up. They could then wear smart clothes and expensive aftershave/perfume, yet it won’t make much difference.
What this illustrates is that when it comes to being able to connect to other people, it is not just a case wearing the right clothes and having a smart hair cut. Being in the right place internally is also important.
In fact, if someone’s appearance is not as good as it could be but they have a good energy, it might not matter. Another person will simply enjoy being in their presence, causing them to overlook the aforementioned aspects.
Ultimately, when someone has a negative energy, they are going to be like an energy vampire. Instead of having something to give to another person, they will only be interested in taking their energy.
Unconsciously or consciously, or both, the other person will realise this and feel the need to get away to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.492977
Retrieved Text: Even with today’s rising energy costs, most things do not cost very much. This is a good thing. Food, as a percentage of income, is still at historic lows. In real dollars, gasoline is just where it was at the birth of the modern car in 1908. For most people, switching to a more fuel efficient car will not pay back the initial capital outlay in the next five years. Local energy generation just doesn’t pay back its installation cost quickly enough.
A penny saved may be a penny earned, but today, everyone leaves their pennies by the cash register. Gas prices do not come down because no one wants to make a left turn against traffic to get a better deal. (See also many articles on the front page of Knowledge Problem this week. The New York Times recently indicated that a load in the washing machine might cost $0.53. Who is going to personally manage that? Who is going to miss their $4 coffee on the way to work to reset when the dishwasher runs for this type of gain?
Life cycle does more than lifestyle to determine energy usage. Homes with small children have different energy profiles than empty nesters. Life-cycle trumps life style in energy use except in the most extreme cases. Extreme energy savings are not ever going to be a mass phenomenon. People would rather get to the beach an hour earlier, and get the complaining kids out of the car and in bed on time than they would drive for greater

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.492361
Retrieved Text: Polarity Therapy for stress relief.
Polarity therapy is a great cure for stress relief. Polarity therapy was first used by Randolph Stone that published a total of seven works by 1954 that talked about what he found in his research into using energy in the healing art form. Randolph Stone found that touch, diet, movement, sounds, attitudes, and relationships as well as the things that happen in life experiences affect the human energy field. Randolph Stone used his findings and theories during his medical career in Chicago and had a great deal of success with the majority of the patients. After treatment, some of Stone’s students that carried on his work and in 1984 the American polarity Therapy Association was discovered and since then, Polarity therapy has became an used a lot in the form of medicine and has been more diverse than when it was first thought of.
Polarity therapy is something that is used off of the human energy process. Polarity therapy is comprised of the electromagnetic patterns that are used in mental, emotional, and physical responses. When someone is sick, it is said that they human energy is in poor condition and it needs to be repaired with the polarity therapy process. When using the energy that is based in bodywork, exercise, dieting, and being aware, polarity therapy is going to give the body a stronger human energy field. This will in return make them healthier.
A person’s energy is supposed to flow smoothly and clearly. When it does a person is gong to be thought

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.489708
Retrieved Text: On days when I'm dragging, it helps me to listen to someone who has a lot more energy than I do. My go-to energy guy? Woody Herman, of course.
This 1945 hit is one of my favorite Woody Herman tunes because it combines all the virtuosity and thundering zeal with all the the goofiness that endears me to the Herd. If you're having a slow morning, I hope this will help.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.280931
Retrieved Text: We just bought this house with all Frigidaire appliances; our side by side fridge works perfectly, with even temperatures, a well working ice maker, etc. very good. It is probably 8-10 years old, but I like it a lot.
The only problem is that it seems to run a lot, and often there is hot air coming from the removable grate located at the bottom front. I have moved it out and vacuumed all the coils which were not that dirty.
PS - Our stove, microwave oven and dishwasher are all Frigidaire and working great too! I would definitely recommend buying Frigidaire appliances just so long as fixing this problem doesn't cost me an arm and a leg.
Thanks so much for your imput/time; I really appreciate it.
You are probably right about it not being an Energy Star---don't know if that was even begun in those days??
So, unless someone else tells me I should just junk it, or has another idea of what the problem might be, I'll see it through until it gets cooler here (Arizona), and maybe the weather will solve the problem.
Sounds like your fridge is just running warm. The warm air at the bottom is actually a vent that gives off all of the warm air that comes off of the fridge in the cooling process.
The fact that it is a ten year old refrigerator does make me think that there is a pretty good chance that it isn't energy star rated and in turn using more energy.
You are more than welcome to have someone

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.240242
Retrieved Text: Find nutrition tips to get more energy, lose weight, lower blood pressure and cholesterol and more. The less ingredients in the foods we eat, the better. Always eat real fruits, vegetables, fish and lean meat as opposed to processed foods that have a long list of ingredients.
Does your practice offer customized nutrition plans based on individual lifestyles?
Dr. Edward Camacho: That is something we can absolutely do for someone. Our practice is newly into the nutrition realm since I’ve joined this office. It’s a passion of mine and we do have the ability to go over with new patients an extensive intake form that gathers a lot of information to help me better suit their needs. Individually, I think nutrition is something that needs to be attacked in a customized manner because not one way works for everybody.
For someone who is looking for more energy during the day, what nutrition tips do you have?
Dr. Edward Camacho: For more energy in the day, I guess my approach is always to keep it simple in the beginning. Hydration. Most people don’t drink enough water and that can definitely be a sign of dehydration when someone has low energy. People who have too much carbohydrate intake or too much sugar, it has a little bit more of a sluggish energy expenditure. Some tips I give normal people is to eat a little bit more fruits and vegetables. Clean up your diet. Get some more water in your body and definitely get some more rest. I think those three things together

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.14914
Retrieved Text: If we are aware of the effects of conflict, then we will understand the dangers of doing so and avoid getting into clashes in the first place.
Your entire day gets ruined when you get into a clash.
When you clash, although the solution is right before you, you are unable to see it. Anger, pride, attachment, greed all arise as a result of your inability to see what lies in front of you and these aggravate the misunderstandings, disagreements, arguments, inappropriate behavior and frustration.
When you clash with someone you start to create divisiveness due to differences of opinions with that person.
By clashing with your family and friends, your love for each other will decrease.
Not only do you suffer, but so does the other person. Just like when you get into a car crash with someone, both of you get hurt and so do your cars.
The opposite person will get irritated and they will not leave you without causing you harm.
Not only your mind and the intellect, but the entire internal mechanism will be affected and its effects will be seen on your body too. Many difficulties arise because of clashes.
If you hurt someone by clashing with them in order to get your way, you will inevitably suffer pain at that moment.
You will lose your common sense if you clash with anyone.
You hurt the other person in whom the Lord (Pure Soul) is residing. There is grave danger in clashing with living beings because the Lord resides within them.
If the other person makes a mistake, it has no

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.095516
Retrieved Text: Depending on whom you trained with, you may have been given quite a long list of 'situations where you should not use Reiki'. It seems that the only restriction that Mrs Takata taught was that you should not treat a broken bone with Reiki, but many other restrictions have been added in later on in Reiki's Western history. I thought I would spend a little time talking about these 'Reiki contraindications'.
Firstly, I would like to talk about the 'broken bone' restriction. This is made on the basis that Reiki accelerates the healing process, so you do not want Reiki to set the bone before it has been put back in the right position. Now while Reiki is an amazing energy, and has done some wonderful and breathtaking things, I think most people's experience is that Reiki gently supports the body's natural healing ability, and that while it may accelerate the healing process, the effects of Reiki generally build up cumulatively. I do not believe that Reiki will set someone's bone like fast-acting Polyfilla, so that they will have to have the bone re-broken and re-set when they get to Casualty a few hours later. Breaking a bone is a shocking and painful experience (I know this from first hand experience!) and Reiki could make a real difference to someone, so I would not hold back from giving it, and I would not hold back from treating the area where the bone is broken. Suggesting that you could Reiki someone, but keep well away from the broken

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.06917
Retrieved Text: The connection between health and energy consumption is an area just beginning to be understood, but when some people are forced to choose between paying their energy bill and paying for food or medicine, it becomes critical. The Health Impact Project has just released a new health impact assessment (HIA) of a pilot program run by Illinois' largest electric utility, Commonwealth Edison. The HIA looked at the health effects of implementing "smart metering," which replaces existing mechanical meters with digital meters that record customer usage in 15-minute increments. The new meters are coupled with a new two-way communication system that allow a utility company to remotely connect and disconnect service, as well as get real-time, detailed customer usage. The purpose of this HIA was to evaluate the potential health impacts of smart metering for residential customers in the ComEd service territory in Illinois.
NewPublicHealth spoke about the new HIA with lead researcher, Megan Sandel, MD, MPH, who is the interim executive director of the National Center for Medical-Legal Partnership.
NewPublicHealth: Why is energy a health issue?
Megan Sandel: Understanding how energy and health are connected is a burgeoning field. We understand that the cost of energy can sometimes be particularly important because families may have to make tradeoffs, such as trading off between paying for their heat and necessarily eating enough. Or they’re trading off between paying for their heat or their electricity bill and being able to pay for medicine. And while some people may see the potential concern for some users over heating costs, they may not

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.04757
Retrieved Text: If you’re a business owner, or someone who works in the commercial or industrial space, you’ve probably thought about your energy consumption and how much it’s costing you. If you’ve had these thoughts, renewable energy and the peace of mind that goes along with it has probably popped into your mind too. We recently spoke to Justin Schmidt, Head of Renewable Energy Africa at Absa, and got him to answer all of those pressing questions around this ever-changing source of energy.
According to Schmidt, the first thing you need to know is that this technology is not as expensive as you might think, plus it will also last a lot longer.
Before we explain why it’s a cost-effective option, it’s important to define exactly what is meant by ‘renewable energy’. Schmidt explains that this is any form of energy generated through natural processes (like sunlight) that can be replenished over a period of time. In contrast, energy that depends on finite resources such as coal or gas are called non-renewable.
The technology is tried and tested and has been massively improved over the past few years.
Over the past few years, the price of solar panels has decreased in leaps and bounds.
Climate change is affecting rainfall and climate around us. The more we move toward renewable energy sources, the more we’re able to take strain off the environment.
The Treasury has introduced tax incentives (section 12B) to allow for solar PV installations less than 1 Megawatt to be depreciated in the first year. This benefits the cash flows of the project

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.010578
Retrieved Text: Metabolism might be the least understood and most misused health topics that exists. By misused, I mean that many people blame their “slow” metabolism for being overweight, or a “fast” metabolism for being skinny. While there are some genetic factors involved, these kind of statements about the metabolism couldn’t be further from the truth.
Your metabolism is primarily based on the amount of Fat Free Mass (FFM) you have. This only differs slightly from Lean Body Mass (LBM) in that LBM also includes some essential fat that is mostly around and in your organs.
If you have had a an accurate body composition test done then your Basal Metabolic Rate with be an amount closely related to the amount of your Lean Body Mass percentage. Basically this means that the more muscle mass you have the higher your metabolic rate will be in relation to someone your same weight, height, and gender.
Before we move ahead let’s go back and examine what your metabolism really is, before we worry how high or low it is, and if you can change it.
The majority of your metabolism revolves around simply staying alive. Your organs use up anywhere from 60-75% of the daily energy you consume. Men generally have bigger organs than women which accounts for their slightly higher metabolic rate. That and the fact that men generally carry more muscle mass than woman. Your body also has to stay within an optimal temperature range to function well. These factors make up the vast majority of what we call a metabolic rate.
When

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.993748
Retrieved Text: Aries: Some of you are holed up in your fortress making battle plans for a love life you don’t have. You like to do this when you want to avoid lust and romance all together. You desire love and affection but you have not been moved enough to make an effort. Why not do a trial run? If you want to remain in your sweatpants for this experiment go on and do so but get out and about and revive your relationship with the world. Many will look and admire you but one will make a move. You will not want to ignore this person. If you are attached be careful of the mood swings you will likely endure. Now they will swing erratically so be prepared for anything to fall apart in a moment’s notice. Don’t get upset, just let this energy pass.
Taurus: It is all falling into place for you right now and you will soon be celebrating. If you are attached all that negative energy is beginning to dissipate. That cloud is floating away and taking all that is bad along with it. You and your sweetheart will find your balance again through giving and receiving as well as talking and listening. He or she will appreciate the effort you are making and meet you more than half way to put this all behind you. If you are unattached, you are will likely become powerfully attractive to someone who feels just as strongly about you. Once you get over the shock, don’t be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.991367
Retrieved Text: It is very important to know where the Moon sits on your natal chart. The positioning of this star is what determines how you deal with your emotions and intimacy. Get to know more about how Moon in Scorpio influences your relationships.
Moon in Scorpio is ruled by element water (just as Cancer and Pisces) and the planet Pluto. Maybe this combination makes this Moon the most intense in the Zodiacs because the Moon itself is already of great energy and Scorpio is the most visceral of the signs.
When someone who has Moon in Scorpio feels, it is like a volcano. They do not explode easily like Moon in Aries, but their emotions are connected with the center of their being and they go through several layers until they are exposed to the world.
Dealing with emotions will be hard work for those who have this Moon. First, because you have to understand them and then try to control them in a way that does not hurt others and yourself.
Yes, because as facts and relationships shake their deeper structures, they can react at the same intensity and become very spiteful and even vengeful.
Moon in Scorpio makes very loyal people to all that they relate, and they demand in the same way. If this does not happen and they feel betrayed, their ability to forgive is attained. These people tend to hold sorrow for many years and remember with all the details of the suffering that caused them.
Maybe that suffering they carry through life will become the way Moon

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.977444
Retrieved Text: "Fitness is not about being better than someone else, it's about being better than you used to be."
So weight loss is not only about reducing your weight, it's about transforming yourself into the best version of yourself. Your health improvements, your nutritional requirements, your inch loss ... everything matters a lot.
She just not reduced her weight but also gained her health.
The issues which she was facing like Bad skin, energy levels etc has improved a lot now.
We hope she will successfully maintain her weight & health.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.920376
Retrieved Text: Just how much are the costs on your own company? Are you currently the owner of a small company with minimal work space or the director of a large organization that has at least one building? Categories of charges for both these firms might be very similar however the bigger one has obligations that the less significant size enterprise might not have, like the repair of a structure, a security team, a whole bank of solicitors possibly, but generally the costs will just be greater.
Its not tough to think that small scale or extensive, one of the charges that worry business owners the most is power bills.
This is actually even the concern of heads of faculties, council officials, operators of sporting activities buildings and many types of community facilitators. Unlike other commodities you do not see discount, end of period or closing down prices for power.
The easiest way out of this in the long run would be to develop better properties with high quality modern self- producing energy add ons like solar panels and wind turbines.
Brand new structures have the capability to be energy safe guarding with closed loop methods like rain water collecters that waste absolutely nothing and even old buildings can be much better insulated.
Are you aware of exactly where a large part of our own energy expenditure for heat control is lost? This fact can be found and verified should you step down to the reception of your place of work. If you take a few minutes within the reception of your building

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.905077
Retrieved Text: As you begin to attend festivals you'll also start to notice that there's a lot of psychological and spiritual drama that occurs at these events... typically in the last day or two of the gathering. Why is that? What can you do to protect yourself and help decrease the overal psychic clutter laying about?
Beginning with the first question, people attending festivals have a lot of divergent reasons for being there. Some are anticipating enjoying the drumming, others come to see friends, others want to listen to key speakers, and others still just want to be around those with a like mind. Any time you have more than 10 people in one place (and sometimes it doesn't take that many) you're bound to have different agendas, needs, goals, and visions. Among Pagans this is even more true. Now raise those group dynamics both spiritually and mundanely for hundreds of individuals and just consider how much random energy that generates. Talk about static!
Now, among the individuals gathered there are bound to be those who are not good at controlling personal energy, those who don't know how to shield, and those who haven't figured out grounding. And even those of us who should know better, often forget about these three key principles until something happens and we say - oops! By then, however, we're no longer preventing disruption - we're just doing damage control. So, let's consider some proactive measures for the second question - how can you protect yourself and help keep Psychological and psychic dramas to a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.875603
Retrieved Text: Many people experience the fear of commitment and all its tangles. Commitment spells have offered one of the most powerful ways to deal with commitment phobias! For many people commitment problems occur when someone suggests marriage, while others it has to do with being in a serious relationship all together. Everyone has unique occurrences of fear of commitment.
Commitment spells have been able to address the root energy of these issues. They don’t require a specific formula for a single looking for casual issue and then another for marriage commitment problems. Although there are commitment spells that are specifically designed towards marriage commitment problems called marriage commitment spells, they are just referring to a customized spell that works towards that particular issue.
Fear of commitment is a resultant of a bad experience when someone has committed to a person, else because they have found it hard and full of pressure to care about a person in this way. Either scenario involves irrational fears. There is no win for any long-term relationship at this point. Unless resolve to commitment fear occurs, the relationship is bound to be full of hardship and recycled hurt.
You have isolated the problem. It is that simple – you need commitment from your lover! I’m sure there are a lot of hobbyist spell casters out there, but this is your life and you care about results. This exclusive commitment spell provides authentic energy customized towards your individual commitment problems.
This commitment spell is tailored towards impulses and habits that start the disloyalty! Few can offer a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.823153
Retrieved Text: Mr Coffee - Manchester, England!
"I clearly remember when I first heard about English-To-Go.com, about nine years ago. Someone handed me a postcard with a picture of a cup of coffee on it. It advertised English-To-Go.com, and the link between me, teaching, coffee and English-To-Go has continued from then on!"
"Even back then I was known as 'Mr Coffee', which is why I got given the postcard. A lot of teachers drink a lot of coffee, but I drink more than any other teacher I've worked with!"
"For me teaching is about energy and energizing. While students being excited about what they are learning creates energy and motivation in the classroom, it remains my job as the teacher to initiate that energy. Sometimes I'm jumping around the groups in the class just being excited about the topic and even the grammar point. If they see my interest and excitement, it rubs off on them. Maintaining my energy isn't always easy. Interesting topic materials and strong coffee help me maintain that energy!"
"English-To-Go.com's lessons cover so many topics that I can always find one that will excite a particular class. Sometimes each group is doing a different English-To-Go.com lesson. Each group has a different topic, one that appeals to that group. They then tell the other groups about the lesson, or do a combined worksheet, and because they are interested in what they have just done, they really communicate with energy."
"A coffee when I get up, a coffee before class, a coffee at each break... I read somewhere - perhaps in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.811838
Retrieved Text: Green energy is becoming more popular now. Some say it’s a better alternative, and you will save money and the environment simultaneously. Is there truth in this? Continue on for some helpful green energy tips so you can see for yourself how beneficial it is.
Simply lessening the amount of daily energy consumption can save lots of energy. If you have appliances that are not in use, keep them unplugged until you need them. Try turning off the TV and lights when they’re not in use. This helps to save money without much effort.
Do you have your own farm? Farms are the perfect place to put a wind turbine. If you don’t have a farm, you might be able to rent from someone. The energy generated can benefit your entire area without taking up much room.
Biodiesel fuel might be an option if your current heat source is fuel oil. Many heating systems can be switched over to run on biodiesel without needing extra modifications or parts. When you use biodiesel it burns a lot cleaner than conventional petroleum, which reduces the impact your home has on energy during the colder months of the year.
Use window coverings when you’re not at home. These help your home remain cool and keep your energy bill down when you are not there. Pay particular attention to covering the windows on the south side of your house. They typically admit the most sun. Think about covering all of your windows with different types of shades and curtains.
Find out what energy options your

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.797218
Retrieved Text: Mass Bulking Supplements are best known to bodybuilders and to those who do intensive workouts since these will help in recovering their energy and gain calories that help on gaining muscles. For those people who want to gain muscles then can take these supplements to make it happen. Mass bulking supplements have protein, fat, and carbohydrates that help a person to gain muscles faster. These supplements have a lot of advantages when taken since it could help you become muscular.
One of the benefits that you could get from taking mass bulking supplements is that you will gain muscles faster than usual. These supplements are known to perform better in stimulating muscle protein synthesis which helps in gaining muscles since it has creatine that helps in increasing muscle hypertrophy with protein and carbohydrates.
A lot of people likes to do exercises that will wear them out easily but if you take the mass gainer then you can be sure to recover your energy and continue in doing the exercise. Usually, bodybuilders like to do intense exercises that is why they take these supplements especially if they are a participant in a contest or training for a competition.
You can also perform more exercises than what is necessary. When you take these supplements, you can exceed your energy limit which is totally important to people who wants to gain muscles. A study in 2007 in the Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research that protein and carbohydrates improve cycling performance. This is why supplements like this are beneficial to those people

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.785563
Retrieved Text: This is simply put, feel good music, created to make you feel positive energy.
This particular album was created to make you feel positive about life and your personal state of being. Some of the songs has a steppers groove to it which is rarely used with spoken words but tailored towards positive emotions, producing a life of the party atmosphere that everyone can take part in. Also introducing Isis Lourdes a R&B singer with a blessed voice who is soon to be a house hold name with her debut on this album titled "You don't know me" from a woman's perspective on dating someone new, and the soulful sounds of Tim Branch with his live saxophone recordings on "Are you livin your life" . I put a lot of my heart and soul into this album and I believe everyone will feel the goodness and positive energy in my music and go away feeling that much better.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.773096
Retrieved Text: A lot of men wants to be needed by a woman but a needy woman will send any man running for the hills. There are some women who need a lot of caring and attention. They want to hear from the man several times a day which is annoying and they need constant validation from him. They also need flowers and gifts very often.
There is nothing wrong with needing or wanting attention, however a needy woman yearns for it in excess. Some women have the belief that being in a relationship requires a lot of sentimental attention all the time, all day every day.
If a woman finds herself getting sad often because the man in her life is not giving her constant attention, she is a needy woman and a drain to any man she has in her life.
There are underlining factors behind that neediness and how the man interprets it is far different from the woman who is being needy. To understand how a man translates the actions of a needy woman read on.
We all seek and need positive validation from our partners. We want to know that we are admired, loved and supported. However if your man needs to tell you that you are beautiful everyday this could become an issue.
Beneath the surface, what the man hears from you is that you don’t feel good enough about yourself. He will soon enough begin to question himself for being with you in the first place. He will wonder why he finds you attractive if you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.754774
Retrieved Text: This is a product review site provide useful information regarding the top best products.
The use of essential oils for the purposes of energizing a person is not that new. More and more people are finding that the use of these in their life is able to give them amazing results for a fraction of the price that they would pay if they went to a doctor to have their lack of energy addressed. So what are the best energizing essential oils? The following are a list of the top oils that are able to give you amazing results for boosting your energy and giving you that much needed shot in the arm for getting the things in your life done.
Cheer up Buttercup is a mix of several oils from fruits and flowers that can be found in a large part of the country some of the oils that are used in this blend are orange oil, lime oil, grapefruit oil to name a few. The result you get with this is a citrus scent that naturally helps to calm your nerves and gives a sense of peace and helps to calm you down. This will allow you the chance to relax and get your mind back into a peaceful place.
The scent of beechwood is something that has been proven to have a dramatic effect on the mental health of a person. More and more people are quickly discovering the helpful effects of beechwood in their day to day life and this kit includes both a blend

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.744644
Retrieved Text: At a certain point in your spiritual development you start looking for shortcuts to growth.
It’s often here that you discover why forgiveness is the ultimate personal growth tool to have in your arsenal.
When you’re dealing with any situation that you need to work through, you always have to reach forgiveness at the end, whether you’re forgiving someone else, God, society or yourself.
By skipping to the end you shortcut the amount of time you’ll spend on an issue, and the energy you’ll waste trying to understand it and figure it out.
When you really forgive someone or something, understanding the ‘why’ of the situation and what really happened won’t matter to you anymore – the act of forgiveness relieves the relevance for you.
So this means you don’t have to waste hours, days, weeks and months running it over in your head and trying to understand: the moment you let go it won’t matter to you anymore.
In addition, forgiveness is a spiritual tool, and like all spiritual tools it will relieve the issue at all the levels below it.
In every pyramid model that you see, the general rule of thumb is that it takes a lot of movement and energy on a lower level to create one small change at a higher level. The reverse is also true: a change made on a higher level will clear away blocks and issues on lower levels.
By changing the energy of the situation purely on a spiritual level you take away the problem behaviors, beliefs and identity issues on lower levels. Even

================



======= Instance Index 1914 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are bigger or smaller ):

If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you.


When we see something close it looks bigger or smaller?

Target Text: bigger

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.287348
Retrieved Text: Ghost Riders try to attack the lacrosse team. Lydia frantically looks for Stiles, and more.
Hey, "Teen Wolf" peeps. We got some new spoiler intel for the upcoming episode 4 of season 6 in the form of a brief synopsis and a promo clip (below) from the MTV folks. The synopsis is pretty short, giving us just two storylines for it, but the clip shows a lot more and it looks intense as hell! It turns out that things will get very interesting and highly drama-filled when the lacrosse team gets rescued from a hefty Ghost Riders attack attempt. Lydia is getting pretty close to finally tracking down Stiles, and more.
MTV also revealed the producers are calling this episode: "Relics," which is a pretty short and simple title. According to the official description, we learn that the Ghost Riders are going to, at some point, try to launch an extreme attack on the precious lacrosse team. However, they're going to fail in their attempts as Scott and Liam, show up to make sure the attack doesn't play out.
Elsewhere, it's revealed that Stiles will still be missing in action.
However, we get some hope that his absence won't last for too much longer as they reveal that Lydia's frantic search for him, has served up some clues that are leading her closer to finally locating him!
In the new clip (below), we see Lydia doing something that totally freaks out some lady, who tries to ask her what the hell is she doing? Malia is spotted, saying there never was

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.230156
Retrieved Text: This is not a food blog; let me clarify that right here. I should also mention that I have seen WAY too many Facebook pictures of people’s food. The problem I find with most of them is that the food often looks like what to avoid at a restaurant rather than something that makes me salivate and check my watch to see how close dinner is. I’m not a “food photographer” but when something looks delectable there’s usually a camera close by.
I never drank coffee until my honeymoon. We were in Rome Italy and the waiter offered us an espresso after our meal. Trying to appear as an accomplished world traveler I agreed. Turns out, I love espresso. I usually order one after a nice meal whenever I am out, and I’m actually a little saddened if the waitress offers a coffee instead. Thinking back to that first tiny cup of vibrancy, I wonder about the decision. I wanted to experience Italy. I wanted to see it, hear it, and embrace its wonders. I wanted to taste it like an Italian would after a grand meal. It changed my life, that little cup of joy. Many of the foods I eat here in the states taste very different when prepared far from home. The seasonings, the soil, the latitude, and the government regulations all influence fine food, so when I travel, I try to soak up the local cuisine. Places known for their palettes often light up tastebuds I never knew I had. So don’t forget

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.720722
Retrieved Text: Wonder what it looks like when you fail to carry through with proper safety measures? These 10 GIF’s accurately sum it up.
4. When you don’t know what to do during a fire.
5. When your coworker tries something unsafe…but it works.
6. When you see a close call of an accident.
8. How you feel during most safety meetings.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.601725
Retrieved Text: When the weather cools down we, as a family, often look for fun things to do in our great state of North Carolina. We love to take day trips, go to festivals, zoos, museums, fairs and more. One place we have always wanted to go to is the Annual NC Renaissance Festival located in Huntersville, North Carolina.
Growing up I attended and participated in my local Renaissance Festival which was so much fun but on a smaller scale. I have always wanted to go to the big one. I have seen commercials, brochures, and have heard people tell me how much fun it is. My favorite thing is the costumes. I love all the bright colors and beautiful dresses. The atmosphere was always happy and there was something fun to see around every corner.
This year we are going to take our kids and let them experience the fun, pageantry, food, and learn what is was like to live in that time period. Not only will it be educational but so much fun. I'm super excited about this. I can't wait to share pictures of our day!
My readers get to save with your visit! FREE Child Admission! - Receive one FREE child admission for children age 5 - 12 with purchase of one full price adult ticket at Festival gate. Children under 5 are always free. Coupon is valid at the Festival ticket booth! Visit the US Family Guide to get your coupon.
The Renaissance Festival looks really fun, something I've been wanting to go to!
I've never heard of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.50568
Retrieved Text: - This week on The Practicing Photographer we're featuring my nose. All right, if anyone has ever done this to you, gotten real close to you and taken your portrait with a wide angle lens then you know how unflattering this is. I actually volunteered for this, believe it or not, and I did that because I think there's something really valuable you can learn about this perspective. And that is that you see that perspective much more than you realize and it's that much more than you realize part that I want to talk about. I want you to do a little experiment.
You need to grab a friend so I'm going to call in Brittany here who has already agreed to do this very generously. It's a really easy thing to do. All you have to do is stand real close to each other and look at each other and I will give you one piece of advice here. Try not to keep them in focus the whole time you're coming in because you'll get a headache real fast. So we're going to stand right here and I'm seeing four eyes right now so I'm not focused directly on her. I'm focused a little bit behind. But I'm really paying attention to my whole field of view and as I do that I realize it looks very similar to what you were seeing through that camera.
I'm seeing a lot of nose and I'm seeing a pretty high forehead. If I step back her features flatten

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.33028
Retrieved Text: Тours to Ustyrt plateu Kazakhstan.
Vicinities of the Western cliff of Ustyurt are located in east part of Ustyurt in Mangystau Region in the west of Kazakhstan. In the neighborhood of the valley Manata ata at the highway Aktau - Beyneu. It is the area ideal beauty, here the nature is created by two paints - white salt, white limestone, white clouds and the blue sky in good weather.
And a landscape of yellowy-brown color strengthen a salt whiteness. That place has magnificent landscapes, it is made of white salt, white limestone, white clouds and sometimes when the sky is blue all that makes Saline march Tuzbair look surreal.
Those brown blotches in the mountains there make salt look even whiter. If you drive to Saline march from west then the view of it that you will see is very unexpected, suddenly you see something totally different from the previous landscapes in front of you.
The view depends on the time of the day when you see it. You realise what an amazing creation it is when you see it. From the West part of plateau Ustyurt you see cascades of clay-limestone "stages", at the base of which lies the salt marsh, that locals call " Saline march" there.
It is not easy to find out about the beauty of that place just by looking at it from a distance, because all you see are just two outlier-mountains that lay close to the main plateau. You have to drive forward to them so you can see that creation of wind and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.197218
Retrieved Text: Yep, this scarf again. You should know by now though; when I find something I love I wear the ever-loving crap out of it. What got me about this scarf though is that it can be a little tricky to style. It's huge and rather thick, so I'm going for looks that say "What a cute, cozy scarf!" rather than "Did you just grab the throw off the back of your couch and wrap it around your neck?"
Do you have any scarf-tying tips or tricks?
Such a gorgeous look. I love to see how close and accessories are restyled again and again in new looks, that inspire me the most.
when I find something I love I wear the ever-loving crap out of it. - that sentence rings so true i feel like i coulda written it myself. and that is exactly why i can't be a fashion blogger! i'm pretty sure every comment would be something like 'you wear this allll the timmmme"
Haha thanks Jennifer! Yeah, that's why I stopped posting daily outfit pics and started doing a combo of lifestyle, style, and food stuff. I would have too many repeats if I just did style posts and people would be like...geez we're so bored!
I love everything about this outfit and the way you tied the scarf looks really good. I'll have to try that.
Thanks Megan!! This scarf really is forcing me to try to get creative with my tying! All my usual ties look funny with this big ol' thing!
I love how you tied this scarf,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.17049
Retrieved Text: Hey y'all! Welcome to week two of the collaboration series I am doing with 1998 Beauty. I am super excited about this weeks looks just because I really feel like they match, I tried something a bit different, and then they eye look is just perfect! If you missed last weeks check it out here. Now let's go take a look at this weeks!
First up here is a look at both looks and then we will get started with the details!
For this look 1998 Beauty used Rex, and Dance Party by Colour Pop. I used Willa, Mosheen, and Mimi by Zoya. I do have close ups of those for you to see real quick too!
I feel like the purple matches perfectly to the eye look! I am obsessed with it! So so gorgeous!
Now here is like the official nail look photo! I started with a black base, then I used an eyeshadow applicator and sponger on a stripe in the middle of Mosheen. Then the same with Mimi on the tip. I am now pretty obsessed with this look! I had never done with type of thing on black with translucent polishes and I feel like it came out super neat. Definitely has a galaxy vibe to it.
Hey guys! I am absolutely in love with how this weeks looks turned out! They are both so fun and perfect for any event. One of the reasons I love ColourPop is the eyeshadows are so pigmented and the glitter in the shadows are gorgeous. I really wanted this

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.14816
Retrieved Text: Yet again this weekend, “Saturday Night Live” trotted out Alec Baldwin doing a Donald Trump impression for its cold open. And yet again, that wasn't even close to its harshest political sketch.
That distinction this week was reserved for “Complicit,” a faux Ivanka Trump perfume ad that is liable to really ruffle some feathers.
The basic idea is pretty clear: As an outspoken woman known to be very close to her father, she is complicit in the things Trump does — and for not doing something about them.
And: “She doesn't crave the spotlight, but we see her. Oh, how we see her,” as she looks in a mirror and sees Baldwin-as-Trump looking back at her.
And the grand finale sums it all up.
SNL last week ran a very similar sketch about Republicans being unwilling to stand up to President Trump. But the decision to go after Ivanka Trump is certainly an interesting one — and one that her father is very likely to take notice of. Back when Nordstrom dropped her line, Donald Trump tweeted about it and Kellyanne Conway appeared to break ethics rules by telling people to buy Ivanka Trump's products.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.014807
Retrieved Text: It doesn’t matter who we are, we probably all have one particular thing in common; the fact that we love to eat. Some of us may enjoy eating a nice steak and others might enjoy having a big bowl of vegetables but regardless of our taste, we rarely ever want to give up the food that we truly enjoy. In fact, there are many of us who would admit that we have been hangry in the past and scientists have even shown that it is a real thing! Apparently, cats have similar feelings to us.
Cats may be finicky as far as food is concerned but when they are hungry and ready to eat, there is nothing quite like it. In fact, you probably wouldn’t want to get between a cat and their food, unless you wanted to have some type of trouble. They will often exert themselves in order to ensure that they are able to finish the bowl of food that is in front of them but what if it was taken away by an unusual circumstance? You are about to see the results.
The progression of pictures that you are about to see show something that is rather amazing and quite humorous as well. It starts out when a cat was given a bowl of food on the front porch and they were probably really excited about the opportunity to have something to eat. It wasn’t long, however, before they had an unwelcome visitor and that visitor came up and started eating the food without

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.904066
Retrieved Text: Not truly living in the present moment & later regretting is like closing your eyes when a peacock..
Be vigilant on what is attracting your eyes. For most of our downfalls, regrets and sorrows come..
If your eyes are real, you will always realize who is faking or not, real eyes realize real things..
We gracefully dance! We joyfully sing! We each take a glance At the other's ring! I look in your..
When you close your eyes and thoughts you are already on your way to failure..
Death is the only moment you can experience only once, so enjoy it to the fullest, not by closing..
See the Future with your eyes, Use the hands in present , crush your past with your feet and I..
If everyone looks like stars to your eyes, definitely you are the only moon in the sky!..
The heart feels what your eyes can't see ..
Your heart searches beneath the skin and goes deeper than your eyes can see, your eyes will judge..
Close your eyes, realize, like you want to visualize..
I breathe your freshness, I inhale air of your love, I Dream with your eyes, I desire your presence..
To love your face, To love your eyes, To love your Dreams, To love you in Dreams, To Desire your..
Your silence says something is there hidden in you, your smile tells nothing is hidden in you, your eyes tell sea of water is hidden in you, your..
When you close your eyes and have thoughts you are already on your way to failure..
When your eyes are glued to the screen,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.879244
Retrieved Text: Cocktails With Whales is a fun, unique experience at the Mystic Aquarium!
I am not ashamed to admit that I LOVE the aquarium. One of my favorites is the Mystic Aquarium in Mystic, Connecticut. I like the layout and I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that they have beluga whales. They are such beautiful creatures and Juno, the younger of the 2, has quite the personality. He poses for selfies, photobombs, and starts trouble with the patrons. I recently went to an adults only evening that they have periodically called “Cocktails with Whales” and it is every bit as amazing as it sounds.
First of all, it’s only $10. That gets you in the door to socialize with your friends, coworkers, strangers, and the whales. There is a cash bar and prices are average priced. I nursed my $8 drink the whole 2 hours we were there. People, as a whole were friendly and courteous. Of course everyone wants to be near the tank and get their selfie with the whales but most were pretty considerate of others and moved along after a few minutes so others could have their chance.
Juno did not disappoint. He entertained everyone for 2 full hours. Coming up behind people and smiling, splashing us, and at one point, looking like he wanted to fight one woman. In talking with one of the employees, I learned that Juno loves attention and has quite the personality, He is 16 and is very much “a punk teenager”. The other beluga, whose name escapes me, was content to swim

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.868242
Retrieved Text: Is this a fungus of some kind?
Yesterday I cut my lawn and cleaned up around the plants. This morning I noticed this cornmeal looking thing around the potted plant. Up close it looks just like yellow cornmeal. Its about 6" long and 2" wide and sits on the rim of the pot. My husband want to wash it down with the hose but, I am afraid that might spread the subject. Any ideas?
This photo was taken this afternoon. I am beginning to see some holes with reddish stuff inside. It looks like it is going into another stage.
I saw this same stuff around a couple of our trees, in the bark, the day after a large turkey "visited" us so when I saw it I thought it was bird pooh.
Can't really see it well enough to ID.
Four Seasons, it looks just like yellow cornmeal. I just took a look at it again and it seems like it is getting a little darker color. I don't like looking at it because it gives me goose bumps....uhh. I'll try to post another picture if I can. Maybe I should spray it with some pesticide or something.
Thank you KMS. That is exactly what's in my yard. We have since washed it down with the water hose. Hope it did not spread it any more. I'll keep a watch for any more.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.844515
Retrieved Text: I’ve used a Close carrier for a long time – with Ben, Chloe and then Amy but found that although you could carry them as older babies / toddlers it was a bit of a pain as the sling tended to work lose as you were walking. I’d been hankering over something more structured for a while, something which would spread the weight more evenly and stay where I put it. Having suffered quite a bit with my back I also liked the idea of the weight being more on my hips.
Enter the Beco Soleil (Version 2) . . .
We have been using the carrier for a couple of months now and let me just put this out there – WE LOVE IT! Not just me, Dave loves it too! I’m not ashamed to admit there has even been the odd squabble over who gets to wear Amy!
The first time I put the Beco Soleil carrier on I didn’t actually look at the instructions (not that I’m suggesting you fly by the seat of your pants of course) but it was just so obvious and intuitive.
Despite Dave being slightly out of the upper height range at 6ft 5 he is able to wear it comfortably – the first time he wore it he described it as “remarkably comfortable” and said he could have worn it all day. Indeed we have both worn it for up to a couple of hours with no discomfort. The only slight issue is that you, and baby, can end up feeling

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.771044
Retrieved Text: Miley Cyrus is rocking new ink courtesy of Kat Von D.
While the tattoo maven is undeniably and immeasurably talented in her craft, this piece seems like a bit of a waste when you see it.
Von D took to Twitter, the same medium with which she got engaged to Deadmau5, to show off her work.
The tat is supposedly a Native American symbol of friendship. It's just two arrows criss-crossing one another on Cyrus' elbow. While we don't doubt there's some significance there, it still looks like something a third grader would doodle on a homemade Valentine.
Hopefully it was worth it, because elbow tattoos -- since they're so close to the bone -- don't exactly tickle. But obviously it was, because it's like, so totally edgy. Take a look at this badass.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.736713
Retrieved Text: In 3 Days. Only on RonovanWrites.
If you’ve never written Flash Fiction then you are missing a great opportunity to learn what Literary Agents and Editors are looking for, ‘Show Don’t Tell’.
As writers we make a major mistake when we first begin writing, we look at word count and page numbers. I advise you to either turn off the word count on your program, or put something over it so you can’t see it. Also don’t format for page numbers to show. Just write.
Let the story tell the story. Your first draft is just that, a first draft, a blueprint to build upon.
Sure, the industry looks at word count often but it’s the story that sells. Writing Flash Fiction does something great for your skills. Write a scene as you normally would, then strip it down to under 600 words or 300 words. If you can do this and still convey everything the reader needs to know and feel, then you have accomplished your mission and saved your Agent/Editor and yourself a lot of work later on.
We think more is better but in reality, it’s what you say and not how much you say that matters. Choose your words wisely. Close your eyes and just begin to type what you see of the scene and then come back and work it.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.705496
Retrieved Text: The covers for Kikkawa Yuu’s 2nd single titled Happy Wrapping ~Sunrise~ have been released.
For the most part, the covers are all pictures taken of Kikka in the same outfit and in the same setting, which seems to be a garden with many greeneries and with an astonishing daylight, and I have to say that I’m impressed with how original each cover looks since they’re all different while having the same theme.
Regular Edition cover is the one where we get to see Kikka smiling happily while looking at the camera in a very close-up shot, and I’m amazed by how well she looks since her smile is amazing and the light that’s coming towards her seems to add a nice touch to the cover since it’s not appearant in the Limited Edition’s covers.
In the Limited A Edition, we see an equally happy and smily Kikka as in the regular cover, but she is pictured holding both her hands up her head where we get to see her colorful bracelets, while having a tree branch between them, and I love how she looks since she seems extremely happy and confident.
Limited B features a different setting from the 2 first covers since Kikka is standing next to a colorful surfboard as I see it (or probably a parasol), and the angle isn’t too upclose since it’s slightly rotated and we get to see her striking a beautiful smile while looking calm and peaceful, and I have to say that I really like the addition of the colors from the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.61443
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Photojournalism, Candids and Street Photography' started by biggstr6, Jun 14, 2005.
It was very hot , I feel sorry for those guys in the wool uniforms . The red faces are not all nikons fault ,I removed some of the red.
Being the first year they held this, access wasnt what I had hoped for, but I still had a good time . My family however were hot and wanted to go,so we didnt stay too long.
Looks like you had pretty good access to me. You were able to get a lot of close-in shots. Looks like everyone was pretty much into character on most shots as well.
Well done. I know it was terrible hot that day, I am surprised the characters held up to look this good. You did an outstanding job depicting the action.
I would love to see something similar, LIVE !
Really nice job...I can see that it looked blazing hot...but you got some terrific shots...#5 is my favorite of the whole series. Would love to see something like that myself sometime. Thanks for sharing.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.565313
Retrieved Text: Each year, my parents have a tradition that we always do in preparation for the holidays!
It's so fun to see how we all change and grow through the years. This year, it was the first year we were all married (Jul & Matt were married in July) and we all picked out our own trees together.
J, Kel, Ryan... and Baby O!
We ended the hunt with a big lunch together. It was perfect weather!
Can't wait to get my tree up on Wednesday... can you believe the holidays are here?!
What a cute and beautiful family you all make together! Looks like a super fun outing...love getting a Christmas tree!
What a fun tradition! I wish I lived somewhere where we could actually go but down trees. Can't wait to see pictures of it up and decorated!
Such a cute family tradition! I love this!
Such a fun tradition! My family use to do it when we were kids!
It was a wonderful day! We are so incredibly blessed!
Thats such a great family tradition!!
What an awesome tradition!!! I wish my family did something like that.
Maximus/ Zeus (I couldn't tell from the bum) are just adorable running alongside little Ryan!
That is such a great tradition! And it looks so fun to pick it out! I'm allergic to real Christmas tree's so I'm not sure if when Brian and I get married we will have a real or fake one. Real ones are always so much prettier!!
that is the most adorable family tradition! Can't wait to see it when it's decorated!!!
That's a terrific tradition! you

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.5125
Retrieved Text: Feast your eyes on this bad boy. Looking like something straight out of Mad Max (or any other dystopian futuristic tale, depending on your frame of reference), this is an incredibly creative piece of customization. On its own, as a standalone original design, this beast is an exciting thing to behold.
However, it is when you realize that this is not an original piece, but actually a customization, that this monster looks even more incredible. Especially when you consider that it began life as a classic Kawasaki Ninja 650!
Yes, that’s right! Droog has taken a stylish street bike that is more at home on the racetrack and transformed it into the Moto 12. Sometimes when we look at customized bikes, we need to take a very close and considered approach to spot the differences. However, with the Moto 12 and original Ninja side by side, it is easy to see what has been done.
The radiator, exhaust, and entire subframe have all been upgraded, but the most striking features are the handlebar and front-end work. While the Ninja was a bulky and meaty, but relatively safe-looking speed demon, the Moto 12 just kinda looks like death on wheels.
This masterpiece is finished with completely new inserts for the wheels, a nifty electronic speedometer, vibrant LED lighting and awesome distressed paintwork. And the best thing, it’s actually up for sale!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.46265
Retrieved Text: True, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't or can't talk/complain about this thing that we love so dearly.
Those TK's are falling apart! Someone from the UKG needs to be allowed up there to piece those splitting seams back together. I'm loving the Death Troopers and Shore Troopers. Nice to see the E-11 back again along with lots of cool new boasters.
These new TK costumes remind me of how, with each new superhero movie, they have to change the costume just because they can. Spiderman has a different suit in each movie, Batman and Superman are the same. Heck, even the new Star Trek movies have subtly different costumes in each one. Why? They have huge budgets and a costume designer that wants to show off a little.<br><br> Having said that, I have no problem with making the new TK armor look more 'real' or 'functional.' Make the ab buttons look like they do something, rather than just having the vac formed bumps with a bit of Testors slapped on 'em. Make the tube stripes look like they actually provide a breathing filter or something. Etc.<br><br> My only complaint is changing the design or adding a detail for no apparent, as of yet, reason. The angled join between the ab and the kidney armor...why? The big ugly black plastic girdle joining the chest and the back armor. Why? Rogue One takes place so close to ANH that it seems a design change like these shouldn't be there.<br><br> Does the helmet look like an eFX helmet? In my

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.451271
Retrieved Text: Last weekend we were lucky enough to see Dinosaur Zoo Live at the Theatre Royal in Brighton. I booked our tickets after reading about the show on Mummascribbles. I managed to get tickets in the second row, which we were reliably informed when the show started is actually the ‘buffet’ section! I was a little worried how Monkey would fare with this as although its aimed at children ages 3+ he can be a little sensitive. So I did prepare him a little before hand – which must have worked because at one point when the T-Rex was having a melt down he turned to Hubby and said, ‘its okay daddy there are people in there’ – phew! Anyway back to the show….
Dinosaur Zoo Live was originally born in Australia and has been touring the UK with dates available into next year. The puppetry is amazing, it is truly the only word I can use to describe them. The detail that has gone into each puppet is outstanding and the cast are experts in their field all the way through keeping to character. The show starts sedately introducing three baby dinosaurs including a baby T-Rex.
There is lots of audience participation in the show and at this point the children are invited to go up on stage and meet the babies. Monkey wasn’t sure so remained seated.
Next they moved onto a slightly larger dinosaur whose name escapes me, but they even made noises and calling sounds which sounded really realistic. A child was invited up on stage

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.427567
Retrieved Text: Are we really cutting off that much of the right field corner?
Yeah, they moved the fence in from 335 to 315 down the line last year to put the bullpen out there. I though they would have a taller fence when they replaced the wooden one, but it is the same height.
Hope we’re looking for more lefties that like to pull the ball with above average pop.
Looks like there will be about 2’ from the line to the facility.
Not sure this is a good thing.
clt says compare the softball grass to the baseball grass.
Why? Both teams play on the field. Home team should know how to have a team that plays to the strength of its field.
They’re spending $125k more on softball because site conditions are worse than beisbol.
Thanks. I’m glad we got the building finally but this placement seems odd to me.
Sorry to ask this here but how do I post a shout or capture a quote before I comment in a thread with a smartphone?
I’m guessing that the reasoning for the placement is that it saved money and was more functional where it is located. The area was already graded. They were limited on the one side by the huge retaining wall and the fire access drive, so it was pushed closer to the field.
Their clubhouse is right across the street next to softball field so it makes sense to build it close to their clubhouse. The LF side of the field is very close to a floodplain, which I’m guessing is why they

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.427555
Retrieved Text: The thing that has always touched me the most when I have visited non-Western cultures is the personal stories of people’s lives.
Going into Gaza and and East Jerusalem last year gave me the opportunity to hear some more.
A couple of weeks ago I spoke at church on the idea of blessing, what it is and what it isn’t. We have a major problem in the church with blessing theology, the idea that if you do something, God will bless you or even curse you.
You can read the notes from my talk here and see the PowerPoint presentation here.
On this day we remember Jesus walking the Stations of the Cross, from the place of his trial to the Place of the Skull – his crucifixion. It is a solemn route, a route of salvation through the most intense suffering.
Over the last couple of years I have become more aware of what my heart really desires. In a sense I’ve always been aware of it but growth is a gradual process. It’s a very rare person who has a lightning bolt experience of revelation.
The deepest desire of my heart, and I suspect of all of our hearts, is for intimacy. We long for connection to other human beings. It is the essence of who we are. We are hard wired for relationship.
The image in the above song line is of the way we rush through life on the subway, speeding to make a living but not stopping to make a life. The Stations of the Cross are a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.376574
Retrieved Text: I’ve never liked the Celine Luggage bag. I’ve always thought that it looks like an ugly robot. The handle is too short to carry on your shoulder, and the shape is too long to comfortably carry on your arm without making you look short. But when I first saw the Celine Trapeze, I instantly loved it. It is different, and it looks great both on your arms and hanging on your shoulders from the long strap. And as I started to see more and more of it on the streets of Central, it was like calling to me, and I really really wanted one! So I got one last year for my birthday.
I love contrasting colors, but because light suede gets dirty, and plain leather gets scratched, I ended up with this black duck pressed leather trapeze, with black suede on the side. It looks lovely and classic, doesn’t it?
I don’t change bags very often (i’m lazy), and when I like something I use it everyday for months. So far, in the last year, I’ve used the Trapeze for approximately 5-10% of my time. Why? Because I secretly hate it. It is the most ungainly, heavy (second only to my Chloe Paraty bag), uncomfortable and annoying bag I’ve ever owned. To begin with, I prefer carrying it on my shoulder using the long strap, and because the shape is so wide, I almost always bumping into someone or something. When I’m not bumping into things, the edge of the Trapeze constantly bumps my thighs – and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.31792
Retrieved Text: Here are the three new spots, debuting on different sites across the web.
SOMETHING is wreaking havoc on this small town. A group of friends band together to save their families, their town and themselves.
FIND OUT WHY ITS HERE.
Paramount has just released a very cool Super 8 iOS app that turns your iPhone or other iOS device into a Super 8 camera emulator, and it is totally free. The app, designed by QMx Interactive, is styled after a classic Super 8 camera and comes with choices for seven photorealistic "lenses," including color, sepia, negative, and even infrared. For any of them you can toggle a scratch-and-dirt overlay and a frame-shake effect; the latter literally makes the frame jump based on movement of the iPhone.
Download it now at iTunes while it is still free.
That app- how to make good technology worse.
I’m going outside now to take one of the wheels off my car. Four always seemed like one too many.
Movie looks awesome. Can’t wait to see it.
Movie looks awful, but I’m thinking that’s possibly a trailer thing. Trailers these days have a way of making just about anything look unwatchable.
Super 8 looks intruiging to me, ‘Close Encounters’ is one of my favourite movies and there is some evocation of that. Not entirely sure that Abrams is doing the best marketing job on this film tho (I know secrecy is understandably important to him, but perhaps we need a bit more of a hook for this film?). Oh and cool app.
This movie is going to be awesome!! Can’t wait

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.275354
Retrieved Text: Using happy cows to soothe babies?
I wanted my kids to get some exercise this morning, but after it rained all night, everything was pretty wet outside. So we decided to head to a local indoor playground. These playgrounds actually come in handy in the hot summer sun, where kids can run around in a air conditioned room when it’s over 100 degrees outside.
Yes, it IS a cow head hanging from the ceiling, right above the baby changing table. Here’s a close-up photo so you can see how happy it looks.
1) The playground owners think a smiling cow will keep babies calm while their parents change them.
2) Someone knew I was coming and wanted to play a joke on me.
Previous Post Look for chocolate chips, find cows along the way!
Next Post Why are cow skulls so popular?
Well…newborns only see in black and white for awhile, right? So maybe that’s where the idea of having a cow’s head there came from?
Since I’m not a mommy yet, I’m just going by what I remember my mom and sisters telling me when my nieces were infants. I remember how they had these little look books that were black and white and they would tell me how it takes a little while for a baby to distinguish colors and to really recognize your face. I think that was what they said…am I right?
Hmm, I wonder if you’re on to something… I believe that babies see plenty of colors but may not be able to distinguish all of them. Newborns also don’t

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.256804
Retrieved Text: It’s time to start sharing the wonderful events experienced on the road trip with my daughter last week. I’m going to call this the bug tale. On the last night of our trip we stopped and stayed in Sedona, AZ. It’s a magical place. So much so that I texted my wife that night to say I want to move there when our daughter graduates high school next year. Who knows if we’ll actually make the move, but that is how much I loved it there.
So, I’m sitting out on the balcony enjoying the evening when I look down and see this bug which looks like a cool striped beetle walking in a three foot circle over and over again. As I watch it looks like something is wrong with it. It even knocked itself onto it’s own back unable to get turned right side up. So at one point I helped it and came as close as it had all night. I’ve included pictures of each event with this post. The picture of it in front of my shoe is the moment it came the closest to me after I helped it.
Then it repeats its previous pattern of walking in that same three foot circle. I watch it do this several times before the idea to share healing energy with it just pops into my head. So I place my hand over the beetle and share energy with it for about 10-15 seconds. Then something amazing happened. That little guy walks right between my feet,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.240545
Retrieved Text: so whats wrong at this??
Have you check your device manager for any updates?
First let's try to figure out what he's saying. I think he's suggesting there's a problem with THEM. He's talking about 'recs' and player score.
I think he's saying "Should I report them?"
HEAT we need you to try to be more clear about what your asking or talking about bud?
LOL guys you funny.i mean at they have problems whit card not me when i record they in game i see alot of player who have this in game even i cant do it when i stand close to bed or other things.its looks at they are in at the bed and screen go up and down and sometime they have black screens and you see it its not all player who do this its only player who i think maybe have problems whit the card my card are update and i get 2 gb in that card.)and also when they do it they dont have sound??are that a bug or what??i can rec them when im close to them when i see thers body gos up and down when they are close to wall and at the bed but i will coming back whit that when i see one do it.
I think he means people with flickering screen, looks like standing up and down 100 times during 1 second while aiming. I saw that too, maybe a couple of times, but not recently.
It would be better if you recorded using free camera mode that way

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.209175
Retrieved Text: Is Rihanna getting Botox'd up?
Is Rihanna getting Botox’d up?
We're not saying we're Rihanna experts here on Sandrarose.com. But we do detect something different about our girl Rihanna's mouth piece. Could she be getting regular botox injections like her friend Simon Cowell and half of Hollywood?
Her lips don't look any differant to me. I am feeling that red lipstick though. I think I'll go out and get some to try it out.
Oh Rihanna, not feeling the red lipstick at all!! call me a hater all day I just don't like it!! I never denied the fact that she is a pretty girl but she does things that take away from her looks!! I swear I want to make another comment about her lips but I promised not to be disrespectful anymore(lmao)!!!!
Seems like Botox is use for a lot now, even people with TMJ.But Rihanna lips were never that full so I won't be surprised if it some kind of lip venom or something.
She already had full lips. I think it's just the lipstick.
Maybe she's using that lip plumping lipstick. I just seem to jump on the band wagon with this red lipstick. It reminds my of what my great-gandma used to say "Only street walkers wear red lipstick". I don't even use red polish.
It should say: I can't seem to jump on the band wagon with this red lipstick.
I see you switched up Smokie...nice!!!!
Rihanna still looks the same to me!!!
nah...just bright lipstip overdrawn past her natural lip line.
She looks cute to me. Black women can wear red

================



======= Instance Index 113 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are factory or wooded area. ):

More pollutants mean poorer air quality.


You would find worse air near a factory or wooded area.?

Target Text: factory

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.31854
Retrieved Text: For weather forecasters, air quality remains one of the trickier things to predict. Several factors go into making good air quality forecasts, because so many weather events influence air pollution. As Houston heats up and air quality becomes a greater concern this summer, we wanted to talk a little about what air pollution is, and the part weather plays in it.
Air pollution consists of two types: primary and secondary. Primary pollution comes directly from a source, like car and ship exhaust, power plant emissions, fires, etc. Secondary pollutants, on the other hand, aren’t emitted directly into the air. Instead, chemical reactions in the atmosphere create these pollutants. Ozone, for example, forms when sunlight interacts with nitrous oxide, carbon dioxide, and other “volatile organic compounds”, or VOCs. Ozone in the stratosphere (think of the ‘ozone hole’) acts as an invisible sunscreen layer for earth, preventing UV rays from reaching the surface. However, ozone near the surface, or ‘smog’, acts as a respiratory irritant. The more sunlight we get during a day, the more potential there is for smog.
Knowing where pollution comes from plays into forecasting pollution. For example, we know that, because of car emissions, weekdays are worse than weekends, and pollution is worse during morning and evening commutes. Houston, which already has a regional population of 6.7 million people, also deals with emissions from refineries,factories, and the ship channel.
Several weather patterns and phenomena influence how bad air pollution will be on a given day. Wind is obviously the biggest factor. Strong winds will blow away pollutants

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.923944
Retrieved Text: Pearl City, Hawaii Air Conditioning Contractors Near Me!
Air conditioning systems are designed to work efficiently only if you give them proper timely maintenance and servicing. In case of repairs, have them done by qualified individuals. Often times, homeowners make mistakes of hiring unqualified technicians. Their cooling systems are damaged and worse still, the AC may stop functioning completely.
To safeguard your costly cooling equipment, always call in someone who can repair or install it properly. While AC contractors are many, not all will provide quality services. You want to make sure you check their credibility. Compare their rates and look at the review information. Reading reviews will help you find an air conditioning contractor who has the best interest of clients at heart.
Are you searching for residential and commercial AC contractors in Pearl City? Contractors Today has gone an extra mile to make the process simple. Your job is just to look from our list and choose your preferred AC contractor.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.065441
Retrieved Text: Washington: Tracking the indoor air quality in real time can encourage people to change their behaviour and switch to activities that cause less pollution within their homes, a study has found.
Researchers from University of Utah in the US conducted a study to determine if homeowners change the way they live if they could visualise the microscopic air pollutants in their homes.
"The idea behind this study was to help people understand something about this invisible air quality in their home," said Jason Wiese, an assistant professor at University of Utah.
Researchers built a series of portable air quality monitors with Wi-Fi and connected them to a server. Three sensors were placed in each of six homes from four to 11 months in 2017 and 2018. Two were placed in different, high-traffic areas of the house such as the kitchen or a bedroom and one outside on or near the porch.
Each minute, each sensor automatically measured the air for PM 2.5 -- a measurement of tiny particles or droplets in the air that are 2.5 microns or less in width -- and sent the data to the server.
The data could then be viewed by the homeowner on a tablet that displayed the air pollution measurements in each room as a line graph over a 24-hour period. Participants in the study could see up to 30 days of air pollution data.
To help identify when there might be spikes in the air pollution, homeowners were given a voice-activated speaker so they could tell the server to label a particular moment in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.497728
Retrieved Text: When you are in a plane of a light plane flying near a mountain range, it is quite tempting to shoot a few landscape photos; But the conditions will stay very difficult for the photographer. There are many traps and the results may loose a lot of quality compared to what you expected.
First, you must be seated near a window (and on the right side) and you must avoid the presence of the wing and/or an engine which could reduce the view. Choose your seat wisely at check-in time or politely negotiate with the passenger better seated.
The engines of the plane produce a lot of air turbulence that is very perceptible just behind them. Seat sufficiently in front (unfortunately, the more expensive seat are often in the front of the plane).
Air moisture and dust are less problematic at high altitude than at ground level, but you will probably shoot your landscapes from very far. Only when the sky is very clear can you try a flight. Then you would limit the atmospheric veil to its minimum. It’s even better to fly early in the morning (the light is nicer and the air moisture is still mostly on the ground). Chance must fly with you (or you will have to compensate with perseverance).
Then, a plane shakes a lot. Even more when it’s a small plane. Not as much as a helicopter, but it is definitely not stable! So, choose a fast shutter speed. Worse: Those vibration frequencies are not well compensated by the image stabilizer of your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.445738
Retrieved Text: Looking for mobile auto Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Services near Edinburg Mission McAllen TX? If your AC isn't' working, contact the experts at Mobile Mechanic Edinburg McAllen. We can diagnose and repair most AC systems. Cost of auto Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Services? Free estimates! Call today for pricing or send us an email. Best mobile mechanic, mobile auto truck repair and roadside assistance services near Edinburg Mission McAllen Texas!Mobile Mechanic Edinburg McAllen Car A/C Services & Repair. Trusted car A/C repair & auto air conditioning services, Mobile Mechanic Edinburg McAllen has trained & certified auto A/C service technicians. Open 24 hours 7 days mobile mechanic!
Mobile Mechanic Edinburg McAllen Complete Auto Care Serviced Half a Million Auto Air Conditioners Last Year.
When auto air conditioning systems break down, refrigerant leaks. Not only is refrigerant harmful to the environment, it's also harmful to your car. Leaking refrigerant can damage your vehicle's evaporator and compressor. Getting a car air conditioner service at the first sign of trouble will save you both money and time. Come to Mobile Mechanic Edinburg McAllen for an AC service repair before any damage spreads.
At Mobile Mechanic Edinburg McAllen our mission is to be the company you can trust for any and all of your heating and cooling needs. We are a third-generation family owned business in Edinburg Mission McAllen Brownsville. Mobile Mechanic Edinburg McAllen is a full-service company offering residential and commercial heating and air conditioning services for all makes and models. We have years of experience ranging from the basic maintenance

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.053308
Retrieved Text: Just under two thirds of people with asthma tell us poor air quality makes their asthma worse, which puts them at higher risk of an asthma attack. Air pollution – whether that’s traffic fumes, smoke or dust particles – is an asthma trigger that’s hard to avoid, which is why it’s so important to manage your asthma well. If you’re taking your preventer medicines regularly every day your airways are more likely to cope with high pollution days.
Pollution: what’s the risk to people with asthma?
What’s Asthma UK doing about air pollution?
Asthma UK's in-house GP, Dr Andy Whittamore shares his top tips for managing your asthma during high pollution days.
0:00 I’m just as concerned as anybody about the effect air quality has on our health.
0:04 And as a GP especially, I see that pollution as a trigger for people with asthma is really, really important.
0:11 Our survey shows that it affects more than two-thirds of people with asthma.
0:15 So, it’s really, really key to make sure that we’ve got people aware of what to do and how to help control their own health.
0:22 There are five key things that we suggest you do to help reduce the effect of pollution on your asthma.
0:30 Always carry your reliever inhaler with you. This can be a lifesaver.
0:32 You never know when triggers such as pollution can really affect your asthma.
0:37 Check air quality alerts.
0:40 Nowadays, we see on the weather reports, on our phones and in particular, on the Asthma UK Facebook and Twitter feeds - they tell you

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.021236
Retrieved Text: KENDALL – Effective immediately, the Northwest Clean Air Agency is canceling a Stage 1 air quality burn ban in the Columbia Valley urban growth area in the Kendall area of Whatcom County.
NWCAA urges residents to limit burning as much as possible to avoid another burn ban in the near future.
During a Stage 1 burn ban, all burning in fireplaces or uncertified woodstoves is prohibited unless you qualify for an exemption from NWCAA. (See http://nwcleanairwa.gov/wood-heating-exemption-forms/ for more information.) No outdoor burning is allowed, including residential, agricultural and forest burning.
Burn ban violators could face fines and other enforcement actions. In addition, remember that it is always illegal to emit excess chimney smoke that impacts your neighbors. It is also illegal to burn trash.
Burn bans are based on weather forecasts and current air pollution from small particles. They are called when air quality is predicted to be worse than the national health-based standard for at least 24 hours.
Fine particles in wood smoke are harmful because they can be inhaled deeply into lungs and damage delicate tissues. Smoke pollution can trigger asthma attacks, cause difficulty breathing, and make lung and heart problems worse. Air pollution is especially harmful to children, people with heart and lung problems, and adults age 65 and older.
Check www.waburnbans.net or NWCAA’s website (www.nwcleanairwa.gov) for up-to-date burn ban information.
Local air quality information: Northwest Clean Air Agency.
Statewide air quality monitoring: Washington Department of Ecology.
The Northwest Clean Air Agency is responsible for enforcing federal, state and local air quality regulations in Island, Skagit, and Whatcom counties. In addition to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.899467
Retrieved Text: Make sure your condensing unit isn’t covered. This will damage the cooling system . Remove all items near or on the condensing unit. Also, resist the urge to temporarily storing or planting any thing near the condensing unit. This could become a permanent habit that could cost you thousands of dollars.
Always turn on your air conditioner before summer starts to make sure it’s working. Turn it on and let it run for a few minutes. There’s nothing worse than finding that your air conditioner isn’t working during a heat wave.
Regularly changing air filters is the best thing you can do for your air conditioning. Filters that aren’t clean reduce efficiency and block air flow to your home. Keeping your filters clean helps to reduce the amount of repairs on your air conditioner and prevent freeze ups.
Routinely check to ensure that access panels are in place and properly secured and clean.
Remove all observable impediments near the exterior of the unit or the supply and return vents.
Make sure your thermostat is set to cooling or heating mode, and the fan to auto mode, and change the batteries about every two years.
Turn it down a few degrees. This can save 5 % or more off your heating bill. Also, turn down the heat whenever you leave your home for a few hours.
Turn down your water heater a few degrees. For example if you turn it down to 120 degrees from about 140 degrees, you probably won’t notice a difference in your hot water, but you will save money.
It’s worth

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.859612
Retrieved Text: Search all for sale homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD. The listings gathered on our site are streamed directly from the Maryland MLS and updated throughout the day. You’re able to search homes just like we do 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!
Homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD are in the heart of Harford County and provide you with easy accessibility to main thoroughfares such as, Route 543, Route 1, and Interstate 95 making the homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD a dream for commuters traveling in any direction for work. Just North of downtown Bel Air, Southampton Middle School is close enough to be convenient getting in and out of Bel Air within minutes. The homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD are a great place to call home with easy access to parks, walking trails, biking, shopping, dining and so much more. Homes near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD are only 10 miles from Aberdeen Proving Ground, providing great housing opportunities for our military members stationed there. To find out what you home near Southampton Middle School in Bel Air MD is worth, please complete this simple form.
The data being used in this market report is consolidated from several sources and includes active listings, sold listings and past market trends. Whether you are looking to buy or sell in Bel Air MD, this report can be a great resource in researching your area. Use the community Info tab to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.799915
Retrieved Text: Air pollution is now the fourth biggest killer in the world after smoking, high blood pressure and diet. It causes more than six million deaths every year. Mostly they are in poorer nations. Unfortunately, air quality may become increasingly worse with rapidly expanding urbanisation.
More than half the world’s population now live in cities. In the near future, this will reach two thirds. This is because more people move from rural areas to cities. There will be more cars on the roads, more traffic near homes and workplaces, and less green space.
City inhabitants are already suffering from fumes and smog on their daily commutes. It’s healthier for some people to stay inside rather than walk outside and breathe polluted air.
Nation, political leaders, experts and campaigning organizations want to reduce air pollution to improve people’s health. This problem might be solved by rethinking the way cities work changing how to design cities in the future.
Air pollution is considered “the silent killer” because it is a major environmental risk to health. By reducing its levels, countries can reduce strokes, heart diseases and lung cancer.
Nowadays there are different efforts to reduce emissions or develop cleaner and more efficient fuels. Lawmakers apply taxes and ban older cars on cities. The car industry is producing hybrid and electric vehicles, which are more environmentally friendly.
What if we rethought the purpose of our streets? Are they really just meant for cars, or we can see them as a place to walk and cycle, where children play and neighbours meet.?
Researchers in London studied the impacts

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.743317
Retrieved Text: At www.airconditionerrepaircontractor.com browse helpful DIY project resources on ac system damage repair, while you explore details on suggested solutions for bad attic insulation issues & fact sheets on energy efficient electric forced air heater. Quotes on installation of ductless air systems for your house, as you research home improvement & maintenance tips by using our website for btu calculations and read mmanuals for help with how to fix problems related to ac unit not cooling. Refer to informative online journal on heating and air systems by certified local specialists in your town. Review ratings on the best service pros near you for residential or commercial projects. Directory listing of driers, refrigerant, safety equipment, ventilation fans, hvac tools, fiberglass insulation. What makes us unique is we tailor our business to what our customers want and need. And that's exactly what all the contractors and suppliers on our website believe in. Our product listing pages will help you find copper lineset, heat pump filter driers, hvac transformers, relays, evaporative coolers, ventilation, control boards, motor mounts, power gable fans supplied by local contractors and dealers. If you have additional questions, contact the selling company and they would be happy to provide you with all the information you need to know prior to buying roof, wall & eave caps, fuel pipe, switches, pressure controls, motors, indoor air quality, box relay, t-bar lay-in, dryer vents & hoods.
Browse advertisement and local business directories of Air Conditioner Repair Contractor In Montana City MT for bad grille. Search and buy home air conditioner system,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.73217
Retrieved Text: National Heating and Air Conditioning understands the importance of keeping your home cool and comfortable during the hottest months of the year. There’s nothing worse than your air conditioner going on the fritz in the middle of a Maineville heat wave!
For over 80 years, our home comfort experts have been helping homeowners in Ohio beat the heat with some of the best air conditioning systems on the market. Our professional team will take a look at your entire space as a whole and recommend the perfect air conditioning system to suit your specific needs.
Never ask “Where can I find reliable AC service near me?” again! If you need an AC contractor in Maineville, OH, call National Heating and Air Conditioning now at (513) 621-4620.
National can help you with all your air conditioning installation needs. Whether you are considering an upgrade to your current system or want to install a new system in an older home, you’ve come to the right place! Our technicians are HVAC certified and highly trained in safety and industry standards in order to complete your replacement on time, on budget, and done right the first time.
Our experts know your new system won’t be worth much without the proper installation, and that’s why we take extra care to make sure our technicians are highly trained so that they can handle any type of installation needs with the experience to resolve any unforeseen issues that may arise along the way.
Just like your car needs routine maintenance and care, so does your air conditioner! By

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.627483
Retrieved Text: Air pollution is disastrious in Ulaanbaatar. It is like suicide. Future generation is ... no words.
Ulaanbaatar's air pollution is really as Deadly cocktail negatively affecting on public health , including foreigners living there! It is really brainless situation! Bad government is unable to find solution for the terrible disastrous air pollution!!!
Right now, I would say it is a little better than February and January. And sometimes we even have to see more pollution in the Summer time.
Pollution may cause cancer so people in Mongolia please wear masks. I heard the pollution is worse when its January to February.
Air pollution is becoming political game of political parties. they don't want decrease the air pollution. even they have posibilities decrease air pollution.
And it depends on combusting coal for heating and cooking. but i think our air is cleared in the summer. Some day it may become good.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.593527
Retrieved Text: There may be generally a number of Rome Baki Writing Desk and Baboon Bookshelf By Ivy Bronx out there. Many of these items can be obtained online. Your selection of the products involves the ones from sizes, styles, and colors. You may find that you can identify the right Rome Baki Writing Desk and Baboon Bookshelf By Ivy Bronx for the condition with a few helpful suggestions.
Furniture Tips And Advice To Keep Your Home Looking Great Finding Desks to suit both your taste along with your pocketbook can be near on impossible. However, whatever you really should do is a bit little bit of studying through to the topic so as to cure that. Keep reading and you will probably discover some good strategies for finding the Desks you need at a price that will not hurt your pocket book. When you arrange your Desks, ensure that you usually do not stick it too all-around any heat sources. This can damage the fabric and shorten living of such items. You should avoid placing Desks near air conditioners likewise, for the reason that extreme cold may have a damaging relation to the content. When purchasing bedroom accessories, measure your bedroom before you head shopping. There is nothing worse than selecting the perfect list of Desks to discover that it's going to unsuitable inside your bedroom after you understand it home. Instead, accurately measure your rooms dimensions before going noting where door and windows can be found. Before setting up a Desks purchase, be sure it is going

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.588724
Retrieved Text: Ways To Find me a air duct Cleaning Services Near Me – There are so many ways that you can improve the air quality within your home. Some people will regularly vacuum and shampoo their carpets. Others will install devices that are able to filter the air. However, one of the better choices, if you have an HVAC system, is to make sure that your air duct vents are cleaned. When done regularly, you can avoid this constant buildup, some of which will become airborne and may cause respiratory problems. At the very least, you are going to see a definite increase in your airflow, making your entire heating ventilation and air conditioning system much more energy efficient. If you are in New York, and you are trying to find me a air duct cleaning services near me, this is how you can find the best company.
What Are The Benefits Of Using These Companies?
There are quite a few benefits to using an air duct cleaning service provider on a regular basis. They can reduce the potential for fires. They are able to eliminate mold that could be growing inside of your ducting system. In fact, as the mold continues to grow, and spores are released, this could lead to respiratory problems or people could start to get sick. In addition to this, you can save money on your heating and air conditioning bill. These benefits are well worth the price of this type of service. You may also want to consider hiring a company that specializes

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.555027
Retrieved Text: It's time to clean the air ducts, and you want to find the right company for the job. Be a smart consumer, and follow these tips to find a reputable air duct cleaning and HVAC maintenance provider.
We've all seen the flyers promising a full house air duct cleaning for $99 or even lower. Don't believe it. No reputable company will work for three to four hours (the average amount of time to clean a home's air duct system) for that amount of money. They can't afford to. So what is that low price about? At best, it's about attracting customers, and it is deceptive. Maybe you'll find out when the technician inspects your system that the price advertised does not include the services that you need. Suddenly, you'll need to pay a great deal more for the cleaning. Or even worse, the technician may spend a few minutes vacuuming out your vents, without giving the full cleaning service that your HVAC system needs for best performance. And it may even make your indoor air quality worse. Reputable air duct cleaners know the worth of their service, and they charge fair and competitive prices.
Sometimes your friends, family or neighbors have gone through this process themselves. Ask for their recommendations. Feel free to speak to more than one company, so you can compare their prices and qualifications before you decide.
All air duct cleaners should be licensed and should carry sufficient insurance to cover damages. Ask for proof of this. One way to check this is to ask about

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.539211
Retrieved Text: When travelling out and about around Walton on Thames and beyond fixing computers and laptops we regularly find that had a user taken some basic precautions then they would have not had to call us, so here are a few more helpful tips and hints on how to prolong your computer’s life; that will help prolong your computer’s useful life and save you time and money.
Tip #1 – If you are using your computer for several hours at a time, all day in the case of a business user, always make sure your computer is well equipped with coolers and exhaust fans. Make sure they work and that the cooling vents are not being blocked by dust, debris and other nearby objects. Laptops vents can easily become blocked by clothing or soft furnishings, so ensure the laptop has plenty of air circulating through it.
We would recommend you install a CPU temperature monitor which will show you if there is a problem; www.techpowerup.com CPUs natural enemy is heat and the hotter a CPU gets the less efficient it is, slowing down and eventually becoming irrevocably damaged. Keeping the CPU cool will prolong its life and keep it working at an optimial speed.
Tip #2 – As we have already mentioned; always keeps your computers and keyboards clean from dust and other dirt, which may cause it to perform slower and will over time cause it to increase the working temperature. Computers have exhaust vents that help keep the temperature of the computer in the optimal operating range. We

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.524202
Retrieved Text: When someone is told they have cancer, it can affect their whole lifestyle. It makes one feel they have lost all hope and depression sneaks in and the person is being smothered by negative thoughts. Treatments in modern medicine can sometimes make things worse for the cancer patient. Severe side effects make things worse and disrupt the patient’s daily routine. Being told that you have cancer can affect one psychologically. There is much hope in cancer alternative treatment.
Relaxation techniques can help you relieve anxiety and stress.
Massage and yoga can help eliminate fatigue.
Aromatherapy and music therapy can reduce pain.
Your cancer specialist can help you find the right balance with integrated medicine. This is the medication you are being prescribed by a modern medical doctor and it is combined with the right alternative cancer treatment. This would provide you with balance for body, mind and spirit. Research and extensive studies have determined that cancer alternative treatment does in fact work. You can find an alternative health doctor in or near your area by looking in the online business directory. These specialists are available to help you online or in person at their clinics. Alternative medicine is all natural and it consists of vitamins, minerals, elements, dietary supplements, essential oils, and herbs that you body needs to regain strength it has been losing from cancer.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.518948
Retrieved Text: Use Cookie Cutter or Mason Jar Lid to make a circular shape into the clay.
Use plastic knife to cut a rectangle big enough for the ribbon to slide through. This needs to be a quarter of an inch near one edge of the circle.
Use toothpicks to draw and create a design onto the clay.
Once dry, use metallic gold spray paint to paint your clay. May need to do two coats. Make sure to do this outside on top of newspaper. Also make sure to have parent supervision.
Let paint dry. Finally, string ribbon through your medal where you cut out the rectangle. Tie the ribbon off and wear it proudly around your neck.
Some solids, like clay start off malleable are easy to bend because they contain water. However, when that water evaporates out because of heat, it hardens and is no longer malleable.
Try using clay that you find outside in the dirt. Does it work the same way that air dry clay works? Better? Worse? The same? Why do you think that is?
Try cutting out different shapes in the clay like triangles, squares, rectangles, etc. Which shape holds the best? Which shapes seem to break apart easier? Why could that be?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.513298
Retrieved Text: Is it better to be too hot, or too cold?
All my life I said that I don’t like the cold. I always said that being too hot is better than being too cold, because when you’re too hot you’re just sweating but when you’re too cold you just die (or at least you get numb and pain at the same time and move slow etc).
Now I have lived for two years in Thailand, where temperatures often rise above 37 degrees. It is impossible to cool off by sweating. If you go outside, you will get hotter, and hotter, and hotter, until you collapse. I don’t understand how Thai people do it, because they don’t even seem to break a sweat despite being overheated. I’m telling you, I spend every moment I can indoors where there is air conditioning. As a tourist to Thailand, I said AC is retarded just use a fan if you’re hot. That may work for a short time, or near the coast where the sea and winds keep things cooler. But inland, where it is like a desert only it rains more often, I could not survive without AC. Even with AC I have heat rashes and various skin infections on a regular basis. The human body is not built for this, at least mine is not.
So give me cold any day. Even -40 degrees, where the air is so cold you can feel the ice crystals forming in your mouth and throat if you breathe too fast, it’s better than 40

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.40236
Retrieved Text: At www.airconditionerrepaircontractor.com find ultimate DIY resources on ac unit restoration, while you browse through suggested solutions for bad register issues & expert report on energy efficient natural gas furnace. Get free estimates on replacing old ductless air conditioners for your house, as you analyze house renovation consumer guide by using our website for btu sizing and troubleshooting problems related to ac won t turn on. Refer to informative online journal on hvac products by proficient local consultants in your city. Review ratings on the top 10 service pros near you for home or business projects. Consumer products reviews and ratings on soldering supplies, heat pump filter driers, refrigeration products, hvac aftermarket supplies, compressors controls, copper lineset. What makes us unique is we tailor our business to what our customers want and need. And that's exactly what all the contractors and suppliers on our website believe in. Our product listing pages will help you find chillers, hvac compressors, heating components, hvac thermocouples, solenoid valves, freon, ignitors/reignitors, coils, air quality products supplied by local contractors and dealers. If you have additional questions, contact the selling company and they would be happy to provide you with all the information you need to know prior to buying non-programmable thermostats, sight glasses, gas valves, liquid line filter driers, fan motors, uv filters, roof, wall & eave caps, suction line filter driers, registers.
Browse listings of Air Conditioner Repair Contractor In Ashburn VA for bad diffuser. Browse through cyber deals on home ac & heat system, replacing forced heating, troubleshooting ductless heating and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.399292
Retrieved Text: We have a super irritating issue that's actually becoming unsafe. For the first two years of ownership our Journey had no issues with the windows fogging up. In fact it de-fogged them way faster than our older cars.
However starting last year, any time the temp drops below freezing, the inside windows start to build up moisture. It's starts off like a regular foggy window, but instead of getting better as the car warms up, it gets worse. It's also worse the colder it gets.
For example, we're a big skiing family, and on out last trip to the mountain it got down into the teens, and there was literally dripping moisture on the side windows, and I had to keep the defrost on full-blast for the entire trip just to keep the wind shield clear.
Needless to say, something about the freezing temps is creating moisture in the climate system. A few weeks ago, the dealer said it was the cabin filter and the refrigerate was low, but that clearly wasn't it because it's still doing it.
well it def inst the cabin air filter and second find a different dealership if he thinks it could be that.from what i know i believe its your air conditioning unit not working properly....i guess you are out of the warranty time period as you give no details on year of the veh, or mileage....... find a good dealership or air conditioning shop.
If it was a coolant leak you'd smell it, so that likely isn't it. But have them check the drain

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.381262
Retrieved Text: We all want air travel to consist of on-time flights out of nice airports, but in these days of sequester you can only have one or the other. And on Thursday evening, the Senate chose on-time flights. The bill passed Thursday, allowing the FAA to transfer $253 billion into its dwindling operations account from other, fatter accounts, is expected to pass the House of Representatives Friday. At least 863 flights were delayed on Wednesday, “attributable to staffing reductions resulting from the furlough,” the FAA said, according to the AP. The legislation is meant to allow it to keep a full compliment of air traffic controllers. But the FAA still has to find money somewhere. According to Huffington Post, “one top aide said airport improvement program funds would likely be used to stop the furloughs.” So your airport won’t get any better, but at least the delays won’t get worse.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.375963
Retrieved Text: Will my near vision be better or worse without glasses after cataract surgery?
I'm farsighted and wear tri-focal glasses. I'm having a cataract removed and replaced with a lens where I won't need glasses for distance. Will my near vision be better or worse without glasses?
I need to see your eyeglasses prescription before any surgery to be able to answer accurately. In most cases, farsighted people will be less farsighted after cataract surgery with a lens implant and most of the time that will make the required glasses for reading and for computer less strong. That would consequently mean that your unaided reading and computer distance vision would be somewhat improved, but not perfect by any means. I suggest you discuss this with your ophthalmologist.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.372982
Retrieved Text: It is always a good idea to use a checklist – either on paper, digital or in your head. – to ensure that you get all the need equipment and accessories with you. I have tried to get to the beach and find out that I forgot the mask! Too bad, if you are far from your hotel! – Even worse if you actually forgot it back home!
Thus, for many years I had a printed checklist near my equipment. And before every trip, I would go through the list to ensure that I had everything in the bag.
You also get a few other good advice – as remembering to apply sunscreen lotion to the back of your legs.
Tagged checklist, prepare. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.321087
Retrieved Text: How would you rate the weather in Canyon Crest? Excellent. Perfectly warm weather and not much rain. Good. Warm days, with a little rain here and there. Poor. Warm summers, but cold winters with some rain. Awful. Cold summers and winters with lots of rain. View resultsWrite a review to give others more information about this area.
How would you rate the air quality in Canyon Crest? Excellent. The air is very clean, virtually no pollution. Good. There is a small amount of pollution. Poor. There is more pollution than I'd like. Awful. Smog and pollution fill this area. View resultsWrite a review to give others more information about this area.
The highest monthly average temperature in Canyon Crest for August is 78 degrees.
The lowest monthly average temperature in Canyon Crest for December is 55 degrees.
The most monthly precipitation in Canyon Crest occurs in December with 1.9 inches.
The air quality index in Canyon Crest is 71% worse than the national average.
The pollution index in Canyon Crest is 350% worse than the national average.
Source: The Canyon Crest, Riverside, CA weather data displayed above is derived from the NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric). Air quality and pollution data is derived from the EPA (United States Environmental Protection Agency). Air quality and pollution levels measured in a particular area may not be representative of the entire county.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.315449
Retrieved Text: The air quality in San Francisco is equivalent to the air in Dhaka, Bangladesh, and is believed to be worse than Kolkata, India.
Schools and tourist attractions in the San Francisco Bay Area were shut down and residents asked to stay indoors due to the smoke from California's deadliest wildfire.
The wildfire air pollution made air quality levels much worse than South Asia's most polluted megacities. San Francisco ordered their cable cars to return to their stations given the Air Quality Index touched 271. This is comparable to Dhaka in Bangladesh and much worse than Kolkata in India.
The AQI was recorded at 271, which meant that breathing that air for a day was equivalent to smoking 11 cigarettes. The San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency wrote on its website, "San Francisco's air quality has moved from red or 'unhealthy' to purple or 'very unhealthy' due to local wildfires and weather patterns."
"The Department of Public Health highly recommends that everyone stay indoors and avoid exposure to the outside air," they continued. Eight more sets of human remains were discovered on Friday which put the death toll at 71.
Mayor London Breed made an announcement that public buses would be free for a day to make sure that people have access to some enclosed transportation.
The iconic and famous Golden Gate bridge was surrounded by thick smog. As reported by Daily Mail, a local resident Melvin Karsenti shared, "It's bad. You have this constant haze over the city. The air feels thicker. I've never seen that many people wear (face) masks."
The list of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.29416
Retrieved Text: Carole has COPD and is supported by Healthy Air Campaign partner, British Lung Foundation. In this blog, she tells us how air pollution affects her health and why she supports our call for a new Clean Air Act.
Until you’ve been through near-suffocation, you don’t know what a terrible feeling it is. My life changed forever after I collapsed because of air pollution. It’s an invisible danger. It nearly killed me.
I was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in 2009. It resulted in me having to take early retirement from the Met Police, ending a 22-year career as an officer at South Norwood Police Station.
I’d always been physically fit, running and swimming. Adjusting to lung disease was a challenge. I was frequently out of breath. Some days were worse than others. I assumed this related to the weather, humidity, or damp conditions. I never made the connection to air quality.
It was beautifully sunny, I was walking the dogs, when suddenly I became very short of breath. This was worse than normal, I felt my chest tightening, couldn’t breathe properly and my heart was pounding violently. I collapsed on the pavement.
No-one else was around. Eventually I managed to stand and started walking, hoping help was around the corner. I couldn’t take more than three-steps at a time, before needing to stop, panting for air. It took me two hours to struggle home, a walk that normally takes 20 minutes.
I had to keep indoors for 2 months while I recovered, on antibiotics and steroids, in the care of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.284573
Retrieved Text: How would you rate the weather in Huning Castle? Excellent. Perfectly warm weather and not much rain. Good. Warm days, with a little rain here and there. Poor. Warm summers, but cold winters with some rain. Awful. Cold summers and winters with lots of rain. View resultsWrite a review to give others more information about this area.
How would you rate the air quality in Huning Castle? Excellent. The air is very clean, virtually no pollution. Good. There is a small amount of pollution. Poor. There is more pollution than I'd like. Awful. Smog and pollution fill this area. View resultsWrite a review to give others more information about this area.
The highest monthly average temperature in Huning Castle for July is 79 degrees.
The lowest monthly average temperature in Huning Castle for January is 37 degrees.
The most monthly precipitation in Huning Castle occurs in July with 1.9 inches.
The air quality index in Huning Castle is 3% worse than the national average.
The pollution index in Huning Castle is 112% worse than the national average.
Source: The Huning Castle, Albuquerque, NM weather data displayed above is derived from the NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric). Air quality and pollution data is derived from the EPA (United States Environmental Protection Agency). Air quality and pollution levels measured in a particular area may not be representative of the entire county.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.26616
Retrieved Text: I can not recall anything just north of Omaha on I-29. I would think that the best bet is one of the nice newer hotels near Bass Pro Shops and Actually , your best bet near the Zoo is just across the river in Council Bluffs, Iowa, there are a lot The hotel is The Homewood Suites by Hilton Omaha is conveniently located near Eppley Airport, the Old Market District, Durham Western Heritage Museum, Holland Performing Arts Center, the Qwest Center, and Henry Doorly Zoo. In recent years, downtown You can purchase tickets at ticketmaster.com for show jumping or dressage, charge by phone at 1-800-745-3000 or at the CenturyLink Center Omaha box office. You can find a list of hotels petting zoo for kids. Lauritzen Gardens is located near the Find Henry Doorly Zoo accommodation deals here on Expedia.com.au Book your South Omaha hotel with our easy booking widget Save money on Henry Doorly Zoo hotels with the Expedia Finding your dream hotel near Henry Doorly Zoo is easy when you search The SAS was once known as the Strategic Air Command Museum, before it relocated from near Offutt Air Force Base Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium is home to several exhibits. The Omaha zoo isn’t just for summertime. With its indoor attractions, including July 16, 2010 - PRLog Zoo Bucks, Two complimentary drink tokens for the Firewater Grille, and Two (2) Adults and Two (2) Children's passes to the Henry Doorly Zoo The Comfort Inn & Suites Omaha is conveniently located off I-80 at 72nd

================



======= Instance Index 168 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are low energy or high energy ):

Faster-moving water has more energy.


When a car is going fast it has low energy or high energy?

Target Text: high energy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.52165
Retrieved Text: when a car is going super fast, it makes the noise, "NEUW"
that car is going super fast! It&apos;s making the noise, "NEUW"!
Get a neuw mug for your guy Günter.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.318943
Retrieved Text: You've got a fast car. Better get in insured right before you drive away.
I write a lot of insurance policies. “That’s great, braggart”, you say, “But what does that mean to me?” Most people buy insurance 8-10 times in their lives; I buy that many policies every week, so my knowledge of insurance tends to be more up to date, and that makes it easier for me to help customers maximize their insurance dollar. Some people call me an insurance “salesman”, but I prefer to think of myself as an educator; I do much more teaching than selling. Porsches, Lamborghinis, Ferraris, and other “fast” cars present a bit of a challenge when it comes to insurance, because the same car can be a daily driver for one person and a dedicated track machine for someone else. In today’s blog, we will address how to cover a car that you do not run on the track, whether it’s a daily driver or a weekend only sunny day car.
If your fast car is your primary mode of transportation, you probably have it on your regular auto policy, which is great when it’s a new car, and easy to value, but not so good when it gets a few years old and value becomes a little more subjective, according to the “market”. (Cars have value markets as well- early Porsche 911’s are gaining value daily – and they are worth 2x what they were just a few years ago.) Most standard every day driver policies are based on an

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.993595
Retrieved Text: 2013 Nissan 370Z - I love my car more than my life!!!
I like the stylish look of my car. It has the sporty racing look to it with a drifting bar in the back. Its only a two seater so that's not really adequate for people like me who own dogs. Not to mention the actual spot for a child seat is in the trunk. It does not do well in snow and ice. IT gets up to speed fast and I mean fast. I have gone 140 in this car and it feels like floating on air, smooth ride and easy to handle.
love taking this car to the beach and to the mountains. Its a great race car actually two, already have cars on the notch having beaten them at a race at some point. get a lot of looks and hey can I drive t or can I trade cars with you. Lots want a picture so im cool with that.
My favorite features are the drifting bar in the back and the room for another one, it stabilizes the car very well, especially on turns. The sound system is amazing, load and clear. I also love that you can switch between automatic and manual, it also gets u to speed incredibly fast and feels like your floating on air almost, but it handles extremely well.
The cons of this car were the price, its a 43,000 car and the monthly payments honestly kill me. The property tax is outrageous per year because of the level

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.593039
Retrieved Text: The 2018 Dodge Challenger combines the sleek muscle-car flavor of a V8-powered 2-door coupe with the surprising utility of a 5-passenger car. Comfortable and quiet, especially in V6 models, the Challenger is thoroughly modern despite its retro styling. Yet with various V8 models available -- including the 707 horsepower Hellcat -- the Challenger takes no prisoners against its Ford and Chevy competitors.
Beautiful car new tires great fast performance acceleration from 0 to 60 mph in 2 seconds, the sound of engine is loud outside but inside it sounds dull - it is kind of loud too a little annoying the engine is aggressive. Computers onboard have been upgraded. There is an indicator of a car in the blind spot. Comfortable seats but uncomfortable for long distance 3 hrs. drive. Smell of new rudder and fabrics is unbearable for first 3 weeks later is ok. Car is fun fast and stands out. It has radio in built and GPS but does not CD player. It has automatic gear very fast cooling cold ac and darkened windows.
V8 model, grippy summer tires, upgraded brakes are outstanding.
The brake pedal feel is medium- firm and well-suited to everyday driving. During panic- stop testing, the portly challenger needed just 104 feet to stop from 60 mph. This is a great results, but keep in mind it had the benefits of summer tires. The challenger has decent small-item storage all around, and the moderately sized center console is useful for holding a variety of items.
My 2018 Dodge challenger is smooth, fast, and comfortable.
My

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.429668
Retrieved Text: Welcome to ESLpod.com&apos;s “A Day in the Life of Jeff,” part seven: The Commute Home and Running Errands. I&apos;m your host, Dr. Jeff McQuillan, from the Center for Educational Development.
In part six, we were at work, we took a break, and we went to lunch. Now, our work is finished and we get to go home. Let&apos;s get started.
It’s five o’clock and it’s quitting time. I put a few files into my bag, grab my mug, and say goodnight to the rest of the people in my area. I go to the parking garage and get into my car. I signal my turn onto the street and drive toward the freeway onramp. I merge as best as I can onto the freeway, which is always a bit of a hassle at this hour. Traffic is stop-and-go all the way from downtown. I hear on the radio that there’s a stalled car in fast lane near La Brea, backing up traffic all the way to Hoover. I decide to get off the freeway and to take surface streets for the rest of the trip.
I need to make a stop on the way home. I know that the fridge is empty, so I decide to stop by the market. I get there and I pick up some French bread, a bag of apples, a few bananas, some pasta, tomato sauce, and a cooked chicken. Luckily, they have a lot of checkout stands open, and I get through the line pretty quickly. I thank the cashier and the bagger

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.305439
Retrieved Text: Scrap Car Setchey will collect in and around Setchey, Norfolk free of charge, fast response. Old scrap cars, if on the road will still need to be taxed, even if you are not using the vehicle, this is the law. Don't pay to have your old vehicle collected Scrap Car Setchey will take away your scrap vehicle free of charge in Norfolk!
As well as offering a completely free collection, we are also currently able to offer cash for scrap cars in Setchey depending upon the weight of the vehicle!
Here at Scrap Car Setchey we have many happy customers and considering we have been trading for a while now we are still going strong. We are proud to offer a fast response we can do this as we know the area so well. At Scrap Car Setchey, our service also includes a very fast response and we will always be with you in your specified time slot. We are able to collect vehicles day or night, seven days a week, even on bank holidays, and we will work round you.
We make sure that you vehicle is correctly disposed of. There are some companies out there that will not even scrap your car the will sell it and not notify the DVLA. This can cause you to receive fines, legally the car is still registered to you. When we collect a scrap car in Setchey we always ensure that the DVLA have been notified that the car is going to be scrapped, so that should keep your mind

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.252525
Retrieved Text: I Need A Fast Car That Doesn't Look Fast! What Car Should I Buy?
Mark is an attorney who’s looking for a fast ride that can stay under the radar. He has a pretty healthy budget and needs something with a bit of practicality. What is the best sleeper he can buy?
I need to buy a car before the end of the year for a variety of reasons. I love to drive fast, but don’t want something that looks fast like a BMW M4 or 911. I need four doors and a decent sized trunk (preferably with rear seats that fold down) so I can carry stuff. A manual transmission would be preferred but not required.
While I can wrench on my cars I just don’t have the time, therefore I’m looking for something new or relatively new like a certified pre-owned model. I can spend up to $70,000, so the options are pretty wide open.
Doesn’t want: Something that everyone knows is fast.
Mark, I can understand where you are coming from. You do pretty well for yourself so you want to buy a nice car, but showing up to the courtroom with a Porsche or something is not the message you want to send—not to your clients or a judge. Not that I think there is anything inherently wrong is driving a flashy car, but some folks want the fun without the attention.
Few people will look twice at a modern Cadillac, especially one with a supercharged Corvette V8 under the hood. It’s not that Caddy’s sedans aren’t any

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.243101
Retrieved Text: Transmission: Automatic Color:Red Interior Color: Tan Average Vehicle Review: (4.563 reviews) This sx turbo optima is fast and fun to drive. Plenty of room for our 4 person family. The dash and high end interior attracted me to this sedan over others. It handles well with very response steering and a sporty feeling suspension. Not a good car if your looking for a very smooth ride. The low profile wheels look good but do little to smooth out bumps. But this car loves a stretch of smooth highway where you can step on the gas and it's going 90 in no time. Good sedan for the price range and gets good mpg!
Transmission: Automatic Color:Black Interior Color: Black Average Vehicle Review: (4.546 reviews) This car is good on gas but also has the power when needed. Love all the options such as heated steering wheel and rear heated seats. The cooled seats are a bonus in the warmer weather also! I love that you can change between normal, eco and sport drive.
This car is good on gas but also has the power when needed. Love all the options such as heated steering wheel and rear heated seats. The cooled seats are a bonus in the warmer weather also! I love that you can change between normal, eco and sport drive.
This sx turbo optima is fast and fun to drive. Plenty of room for our 4 person family. The dash and high end interior attracted me to this sedan over others. It handles well with very response steering

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.226501
Retrieved Text: Quote 2662 If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
Quote 7879 Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars.
Quote 8243 I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.
Quote 8367 I had never been able to get a car that said how much I cared about the environment until I drove electric.
Quote 8404 When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough.
Quote 8493 Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.
Quote 8918 I liken myself to Henry Ford and the auto industry, I give you 90 percent of what most people need.
Quote 8937 There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.
Quote 9113 Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.
Quote 9331 The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.
Quote 10291 I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.
Quote 10650 You talk about German technocracy and you get automobiles.
Quote 10824 Not having to own a car has made me realize what a waste of time the automobile is.
Quote 10855 I would have probably stolen cars - it would have given me the same adrenaline rush as racing.
Quote 11353 But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time.
Quote

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.191515
Retrieved Text: Mar.17 (GMM) Red Bull's competition director Helmut Marko told the APA news agency that the development of Pirelli's tyres this year will be crucial.
"There are going to be a lot more tyre pistops this year and when the safety car comes out at a bad time, the middle class teams could benefit," he said.
The Austrian acknowledged that the teams and Bernie Ecclestone pushed for more tyre degradation to improve the show, but he said Pirelli has "not yet found the right balance".
"From the middle of the season they will get it under control, so it should not be decisive for the entire year," he added.
Fernando Alonso agrees that the Pirelli factor has perhaps been overstated recently.
"The best and fastest car will still win the title," he is quoted by Autosprint.
"Strategy is going to be important, and a couple of times it will happen that maybe the fastest one has the wrong strategy.
"But over 19 races, the most important thing is to have a fast car," added the Ferrari driver.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.053253
Retrieved Text: A Cambridge student has spoken of her shock after she was just inches away from being hit by a car being chased by the police.
A man hunt is now underway for the car thieves who led police on a dramatic chase through Cambridge earlier this week.
Police spotted a grey Audi S5, which was suspected to be stolen, in Chesterton High Street at about 6pm on Monday (March 27).
After following the car for more than an hour, police used a stinger to try to stop the car which eventually crashed in Water Lane at a site due to be turned into flats.
But the occupants of the car got out and ran away and they are still at large.
Isabella Miszk, a biomedical sciences student, is lucky to be alive after she was just inches away from being crushed.
The 25-year-old, who lives in Enniskillen Road, Chesterton, was walking home on Water Lane when she heard a loud noise coming from what she thought sounded like an engine.
“I was walking home when I heard a high pitched engine noise I assumed was someone on a scooter or motorbike going too fast,” she told the News.
“The noise got unusually loud. I crossed the road and as I did the car came around the corner and lost control narrowly missing me, luckily I reacted fast enough to get out the way.
Isabella said she was lucky not to be have been hit by the car which she saw crash into the fence in front of the properties.
"I am very lucky to not have

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.050049
Retrieved Text: Skelotonized the chassis, same powerful motor and One crazy Front end that alone has 13 total pieces. The wipers are easily changable and give a good surface contact with a spring shape.
One of the major developments on this model is the guide flag. This is what I consider a leap forward in the controlled chaos of gravity style racing. This allows for a gliding directional surface without too many spinouts. going pedal to the metal fast!, but still requiring a competent driver and concentration. thoughts?
This is one of 13 lead slead cars built by Doug Morris in 2012 based on a Car Model article in the 70s. It was built with a metal flag originally. Doug discovered that these were a full one second slower per lap than a plastic flag - he changed them all over despite all the work he had done to creat a custom metal flag.
Those look great. Thank you for sharing. Do you have any photos of the original metal flag? Here is my thought process.
I'm trying out some experimental models with some bigger motors to go extremely fast. The n30 being one of them.
The difference with the guide flag in this model, it is not a drop arm configuration which pushes the guide flag down biting into the track, but is instead pivoting with the front end to remain parallel to the chassis. So when approaching into the corners its gliding and guiding the car. While there is less friction with a pin, it is slamming into the curve and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.014719
Retrieved Text: Porsches have never been inexpensive — but they’re about to become more so. You could call it the electric surtax — because that’s what it amounts to.
Porsche corporate — the company — just announced that it will expect all 190 of its U.S. stores to install high-voltage fast chargers at a cost of $300,000-$400,000 per store as part of the company’s “commitment” to “electrify” half its product portfolio by 2025.
The problem — which Porsche openly concedes — is that while electric Porsches are fast, they’re slower than a ’72 Pinto with a slipping transmission when it comes to recharging.
Electric cars can’t go as far as gas-engined cars, even very thirsty ones. A 911 Turbo averages about 20 MPG (19 city, 24 highway) but it can still go between 340 and 429 miles (city/highway) on a full tank — which is at least 100-150 miles farther than the longest-legged electric car currently on the market, a Tesla S.
And the range touted by Tesla and other EV advocates should always be taken with two big spoonfuls of salt — because it’s much more variable than the range of a gas-engined car. For example, electric cars are more affected by heat — and cold — in part because power-using accessories such as AC and heat are powered by electricity and take a lot of electricity to power. Use these accessories and your range decreases.
Electric batteries also lose efficiency in extremely cold weather — just like the 12V battery that starts a gas-engined car. But once a gas-engined car is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.886057
Retrieved Text: A duck will make a circular pattern of waves as it sits on the pond.
When it swims it is moving away from the waves behind and towards the waves in front. The waves in front are bunched up, the wavelength is shorter.
In the same way the noise from a stationary car will spread out symmetrically in all directions. If the car is driven fast then the sound waves behind are stretched out and those in front are bunched up. If you listen to a fast car going past you then the note changes. It is higher as it approaches and slightly lower when it has passed.
This diagram is exaggerated. The car would have to be traveling very fast for the sound waves to bunch up this much.
Early last century astronomers examining light from distant galaxies noticed that in most cases the patterns were shifted into the red end of the spectrum. The characteristic lines of absorption spectra stayed in the same pattern but were shifted into different colours. They concluded that the longer wavelengths meant that these galaxies are moving away from us. They have to be moving very fast to cause this change to light waves which travel at 300,000,000 m/s. We can see this shift in the colour spectrum of stars in our own galaxy particularly in binary stars rotating fast around one another.
The explanation we use for red shift between galaxies now is not quite the same. The change in colour is the effect of space between the galaxies stretching as the Universe

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.86542
Retrieved Text: I remember when Bentley launched the Continental GT. It was blindingly fast without sacrificing any of the trademark brand luxury.
Now there is an even faster version, the GT3-R, with all the makings of another Bentley superstar.
Over the past year or so, Bentley has been immersed in the development of the GT3 racing car. The program has already had huge success in the worldwide sportscar scene, with a great transfer of technology that benefits us. That race car is the genesis for the GT3-R that you and I can go and buy.
Power again plays a central role with a twin-turbo V-8 developing 572 horsepower. What makes it even more potent is a 220 pound weight loss and shorter gearing to get things going faster. When you think about it, 0-60 mph in 3.6 seconds is mind-blowing for a car of this size but you can thank the all-wheel drive-system and torque vectoring for that.
I love the interior, it is somehow still very Bentley and stylish but with a cool racing flair, which is pretty much the perfect combination.
From the duPont REGISTRY 2015 Exotic Car Buyers Guide.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.849535
Retrieved Text: "David Jubermann has written an excellent novel about motor racing and the boy racer culture that surrounds the sport."
When Leon meets Simon, a champion driver, at a drift racing competition, he has no idea his new friend is going to take him into a fast paced world - a world of fast cars, lots of humour, relationships, parties and high-speed races.
This is a new book from the author of Shiftlight in which he gives the reader, once again, a story packed full of energy on a subject about which surprisingly little has been written.
I didn't hesitate in reading Drift Race, after enjoying David Jubermann's previous novel Shiftlight, which is constantly issued at our secondary school library. I found this book to be another great read with all things teenagers enjoy; friendships, relationships, humour, parties, and fast cars.
I enjoy David's writing, he manages to capture anticipation and suspense and transfer it to the reader effortlessly. All the characters have their own story to tell, and become connected through their passion for 'drifting'. A book with appeal for both female and male, I found it very realistic.
David Jubermann has written an excellent novel about motor racing and the boy racer culture that surrounds the sport.
Leon and his friends and rivals have a passion for cars that is all consuming. They spend all their money and time on cars and they drive fast and often without control. A split second can cost a life and wreck a car.
Leon is a level headed boy whose Japanese father was killed drift

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.803238
Retrieved Text: Have you driven a 2007 Chevrolet Monte Carlo?
Displaying 1 - 10 of 20 2007 Chevrolet Monte Carlo reviews.
Pros: Chick magnet. great looks fast car and they don't make them anymore which will make them an instant collectible and rides on 4 cylinders at highway cruising speeds although it a v8.
CarGurus has 695 nationwide Monte Carlo listings starting at $2,500.
Incredible Sports Car — This car is an awesome fast stylish car. It is a head turner and it has great acceleration and is engineered extremely well. It is fun to drive and the leather makes it luxurious. I highly recommend this car to those who like sports cars with power and style.
Fun Car — This car has a great sporty look. Good feel on the road makes it fun to drive. It actually gets good gas mileage even though it has the power of the V8. Too bad GM decided to discontinue making these great cars.
Pros: Looks great and awesome acceleration.
Why Would You Buy Anything Else? — Has pretty good power, wish it had a little more. If you have big corners like a highway entrance or exit ramp you can confidently take the corners at 50-60MPH, which is quite a lot of fun. Exterior is clean and simple which is what makes this car so appealing in my opinion, Interior is pretty nice comfortable seats lots of head and leg room, even in the back seat. Fuel economy, well its a V8. I average 20.5MPG with a lead foot. Comfortable + fast + consistent handling =

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.763182
Retrieved Text: Well, it has finally happened. I’ve done it. I have passed the speed limit. Tomorrow marks my 56th birthday, and since most highways (except for maybe the turnpike system) have a speed limit of 55 miles per hour, I think it’s finally time for me to slow down.
Not that sitting in my car for nearly three hours every day, travelling at an average speed of 27 miles per hour is going fast. I know that because my car can tell me my average speed. It can also tell me my average miles per gallon, an approximation of how many miles are left in the current tank of gas, who is texting or calling me, and what color underwear I have on. This is part of what I’m talking about. Life is going too fast. Information is flying in and out of my world as fast as best friends did when I was seven.
I’m tired. I have done my time. I’ve raised two children to adulthood. I have been working full time since I was twenty-one. I’ve maintained a home, the finances, the health, the kitchen (including a table full of teenagers every night for a span of about six years), and a not-so-demanding husband.
When I first felt the very painful effects of an empty house, less errands, laundry and cooking, and an eerie quiet all of the time, except for maybe the drone of television sports emanating from the man-cave, I suffered a deep depression. I didn’t know what to do with myself. Everyone around me

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.746744
Retrieved Text: The 2014 Cruise Night schedule includes Aikahi Park Shopping Center, March 1, May 3, June 7, July 5, Aug. 6 and Nov. 1; Windward Mall, March 15, May 17, June 21, July 19, Aug. 16, Oct. 18.
When talking about cars, “cruise” generally means “going for a drive.” Among Hawaii’s classic car buffs it has another meaning: parking with your friends and talking for hours about each other’s 1972 Dodge Chargers, 1964 Volkswagen Beetles, 1945 Ford pickup trucks or whatnot. On any given weekend, there’s at least one “classic car cruise night” happening somewhere on Oahu. Shopping mall parking lots are the preferred locales. Fast-food restaurants are the default.
WHAT IS A "CLASSIC CAR"?
NO LOUD MUSIC. Softly played Hawaiian music is fine.
NO DRINKING. At least not flagrantly.
NO SAVING PARKING PLACES. It’s first come, first park.
NO TABLES. This rule encourages eating out rather than picnicking, as a courtesy to the malls and fast-food restaurants that lend their parking lots to the cruisers.
RAIN. Every square inch of gleaming aluminum, chrome and stainless steel needs to be cleaned and re-polished after a classic car is caught in a shower. The first hint of rain sends car owners fleeing for a covered garage. A few cruisers, however, stand their ground. One jokester likes to say that his car has “water paint”—the kind that won’t come off in the rain.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.736267
Retrieved Text: Renault's main focus in the years to come is going to be fast growing Chinesse market.
Paris motor show 2018 may not be as interesting and spectacular it once was. Just like in previous years, many manufacturers have decided to cancel their attendance in French capital. However, none of the three major French car brands decided to do so. Instead they are bringing all of their novelties, but when it comes to electric cars, Renault is going to top them all.
While the French car manufacturer already has a fully and purposefully developed electric car in portfolio, ZOE, they are now presenting, what could be called ‘entry-level’ electric car, the K-ZE, this A-segment SUV-like city car is going to provide a muscular look, combined with a fairly decent range of 250 kilometers on a single charge. Considering it is going to be a city car, this is definitely enough for everyday use of majority of its potential buyers.
“Groupe Renault was a pioneer and is the European leader in electric vehicles. We are introducing K-ZE, an affordable, urban, SUV-inspired electric model combining the best of Groupe Renault: our leadership in EV, our expertise in affordable vehicles and in forging strong partnerships”, said Carlos Ghosn, Chairman and CEO of Groupe Renault.
However, even thou Renault is European car brand, this new car is at first only going to be available to customers in China, where the market for electric car is biggest. On the other hand, K-ZE is only the first step towards additional electrification at Renault. French brand is planning

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.708612
Retrieved Text: Buying a car is a fun and exciting experience. However, many people struggle throughout this process because they do not know the type of car to look at. Over time, finding a quality vehicle can save you a lot of time and money later on. With that being said, looking at different variables in your search is essential. There are many people who are excited about what the Ford Mustang has to offer. Although this car is not cheap, it is a good value based on what you get out of it. In addition, getting this vehicle on a lease is a great way to save money versus a car loan.
People who love to drive fast are going to love this model. The Ford Mustang has a high top speed, and some drivers love the feeling of going as fast as possible. With all of the changes that the Ford Mustang has made to its technology over the years, now is the time to invest in it.
The Ford Mustang is the type of vehicle that a lot of love to show off at a party or family gathering. If you want to have the best car possible for the price, the Ford Mustang is the way to go.
One of the biggest issues with buying a new car is that maintenance and repairs must be taken into account. Although one model of car may be less expensive with a low purchase price, if you look at the required maintenance over a lifetime it is actually more expensive.
One

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.688608
Retrieved Text: We’re celebrating these milestones of performance motoring at The Fast Car Festival in our ‘Power to the People’ paddock.
Want to experience going sideways in an iconic British super-lightweight sports car? You’re in luck! BookaTrack Caterham, will be at The Fast Car Festival at Donington Park on July 30th-31st.
The Fast Car Festival is celebrating a time when rallying was simpler, faster and more dramatic! Donington will be popping and banging to the sounds of the Peugeot 205 T16, Toyota Celica and Ford Sierra Cosworth..

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.6362
Retrieved Text: At Cambridge Centre Honda, we pride ourselves on transparency throughout the car buying process, especially the financing process. Because buying a car is one of the biggest purchases of your life, it’s important that you have all the facts when it comes to deciding how you will pay for your new car.
Another important consideration during the financing process is going over the many easy and affordable ways to protect yourself from unexpected car repairs. Choosing the right custom warranty package will not only take the cost factor out of the equation, but many warranties also cover rental cars for when your vehicle is being serviced, as well as emergency roadside assistance if you become stranded on the side of the road.
The Cambridge Centre Honda Financial Services Team has served the people of Cambridge and surrounding areas for over 30 years. That’s given us plenty of time to build a financing process that’s fast, competitive, and tailored to meet the needs of our customers.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.632303
Retrieved Text: Volkswagen opted for a court settlement with the California Air Resources Board and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency following the Diesel Gate scandal which revealed that the company was cheating on emissions tests for its diesel cars. Aside from providing compensation to affected owners and agreeing to invest $2 billion in electric car infrastructure in the United States, Volkswagen is going to build a “nationwide 150kW+ fast charging network” in the country.
It was reported last month that Volkswagen was going to install super-fast 320kW chargers for electric cars in California. The latest plan released by VW and the EPA shows that the company is also going to install chargers throughout the country.
VW is going to set up a nationwide 150kW+ fast-charging network for electric cars along highways. This is going to take the pain out of long cross-country journeys for most electric car owners who may suffer from range anxiety when they set out on a long road trip without knowing for sure if there will be charging stations along the way.
For this purpose, VW is going to set up a new subsidiary called Electrify America which is going to built this network independent of the automotive giant. The chargers are not going to be proprietary to VW and will rely on Combined Charging System (CCS), CHAdeMO and open protocols such as the Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP).
The first fast-charging stations being set up by Electrify America will be operational by Q2 2018.
How Did Singer Of Soundgarden Die?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.616829
Retrieved Text: Anker makes plenty of accessories for mobile devices, mainly battery packs and chargers of various types, and this is one car charger that you won't want to miss out on as it's really more than just a car charger. The Roav VIVA by Anker is a car charger that the company placed on sale earlier in the month for $50 down from its original price of $70, and it appears that Anker has kept that sale going, though there is still no telling when Anker plans to end it so you'll want to pick one up as soon as possible if you want to take advantage of the nearly half off price.
In terms of what the car charger offers over regular car chargers, it's Alexa-enabled so you can use hands-free voice-activated features just like you would with an Echo or Echo Dot. You can do things like ask for directions if you need them, or even re-up on orders for things that you buy from Amazon, all with your voice and all from your car on the drive to work or wherever else you're going. In addition to having Alexa inside the charger comes with two ports so you can charge two devices at once, with PowerIQ technology so it can detect how fast of a charge your device is able to accept.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.524403
Retrieved Text: This car is bent. Very bent. It looks like this was a bad day for someone. This body came up for auction in Japan. Not too sure what its good for, but I have seen worse looking cars here in the states going overseas.
Just a little ding, that will probably buff right out.
All the windows, all the wheels gone. Probably all the driveline gone.
Just so wrapped up, so bent. This car was going very fast when it hit something solid.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.495157
Retrieved Text: There are very many services that are being provided for auto maintenance and people need to get these services done for them by professionals who use genuine accessories to maintain and repair their vehicles. It is a good idea for people to consider replacing their windshield as soon as it breaks, gets corroded or even when it has got cracks. Get ideas from this website about these replacement services and see how important they are going to be to you. The replacement accessories are perfect and they are going to match well with the brand and model of your car. Get reviews from this website about these replacement services and see how significant they are going to be.
Replacement of windshields needs Windshield Repair experts who work using original accessories only. It is therefore a good idea for people to consider looking for a place where they can get windshield repair services near them. Get ideas from this website about these services and see how significant they are going to be in bringing the original looks of your car. There are auto glass repair services and they are very important to people who utilize them. Any broken glass on a vehicle can get replaced as soon as possible under the services being provided here. They have genuine accessories to fit and match to your car description.
Windshield replacement is a good idea when it is not in good shape. There are windshield replacement services near you who can help you get what you want with great ease. It

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.4891
Retrieved Text: So, a couple of things first at what speed do the cars have this much force? Whats the minimum speed that they could travel at? If The cars have to go over 150 Miles per hour just to hold on to the roof then the cars might fall off the celling when they come around turns. Any sources on the data for how fast the car needs to be going to provide 1G of downward (towards the pavement) force?
Second, it occurs to me that one reason the cars want so much down force is that they need if for the additional additional traction. I doubt they accelerate at greater than 1G when already going 100 plus mile per hour, but they might well need it for evasive maneuvers. running upside down, cars would not be able to turn as sharply. It the car only provide 1.1 Gs of Down force, the tires would only be held on with 0.1 Gs while the car is running upside down. This would probably make for a very slippery car.
Third, so if the driver is upside down most of the time blood runs to his head. If he sits upside down to the “right side up’ car, then he has to start the car upside down., My personal favorite , a gimbled driver seat, does solve that problem, but adds more weight to the car and presents a serious visibility problem for the driver. ( his feet are on the floorboards against the road near the tires ) This could

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.47628
Retrieved Text: Get cash for your junk car in Columbus today!
We are Columbus's top junk car and truck buyer.
We pay cash for junk cars in Columbus and give instant offers up to $10,000!
Do you have a junk car you don’t want anymore? Instead of looking at it in your driveway or letting it take up space in your garage, why don’t you get paid cash for cars in Columbus, MS from The Clunker Junker? We buy junk cars without all the hassle and tow them away for free. Why bother with shady junk yards in Columbus, MS with their bait and switch tactics when you can sell your junk car to a company with integrity and the best customer service in the industry? The decision is a no-brainer!
Schedule a time with our Columbus, MS junk car buyers to pick up your junk car.
How easy is that? Our goal is to take the hassle out of getting cash for junk cars in Columbus, MS. After all, why sit around staring at a car that can’t be driven when you could earn money for it? And just think about what you could spend your cash on? Vacation, date night, add to your collection of bobbleheads? The possibilities are endless. We make it simple for you to get rid of your junk car once and for all. Plus get cash for it.
You have options when it comes to getting cash for your junk car in Columbus, MS, but you won’t find a better junk car buyer. We provide a fast, no-stress

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.460693
Retrieved Text: Safe Communities of Wright County (SCWC) is working to change the odds of crashes and the resulting injuries and fatalities. Safe Communities of Wright County wants drivers to know traffic crashes are not “accidents.” An accident is defined as chance, luck, or fortune. Crashes are predictable and preventable. When a driver is not paying attention and runs off the road, that is not an accident. When a driver is going too fast for conditions and runs into the car in front of it, unable to stop before hitting that car, that is not an accident. When a person stops off after work for three, four, or more drinks then drives home, it is not an accident when he crosses over into oncoming traffic.
Safe Communities has created or participated in several programs to help prevent vehicle accidents. Explore the programs, listed in the navigation above, about how you can put them into use in your community.

================



======= Instance Index 2128 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are healthier or less healthy ):

Breast cancer is rare in teens but becomes more common as females get older.


When people are younger they generally are healthier or less healthy?

Target Text: healthier

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.686596
Retrieved Text: People’s cellphone use has injected itself into public spaces. This has blurred the line between private and public as often-intimate and occasionally blustering phone conversations have now become a common part of the background noise during bus rides, grocery shopping excursions, picnics, sidewalk strolls, waits in airport terminals and many other public venues.
To see how people are responding to these changes, people were asked about their views on general cellphone etiquette in public. About three-quarters of all adults, including those who do not use cellphones, say that it is “generally OK” to use cellphones in unavoidably public areas, such as when walking down the street, while on public transportation or while waiting in line. At the same time, the majority of Americans do not think it is generally acceptable to use cellphones in restaurants or at family dinners. Most also oppose cellphone use in meetings, places where others are usually quiet (such as a movie theater), or at church or worship service.
It is important to note that the survey did not specify what “using a cellphone” meant, and so the question was open to interpretation. It is possible that people who use their phones more often and in more diverse ways may have wider definition of what “cellphone use” entails, including less intrusive or more social activities such as sending a text message, checking email or taking a photo. Clearly, less frequent users and non-users may more strongly associate the idea of “cell use” with voice calls, which may be seen as more disruptive.
Roughly three-quarters (77%)

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.582138
Retrieved Text: btw, i had my first a few months after my 19th bday, my 2nd when I was 23, and my last when i was almost 28.
and like other said, many moms, especially first timers, feel left out/odd girl out in groups.I felt out when I had my first, but that was because everyone else was having "average babies" and I had a micropremiee who had a whole different set of milestones then my friends were going for.
I had my first child when I was 22 and truthfully every parent event or playgroup or church function I've ever been to where my child can be involved with kids her age I am ALWAYS younger than the rest of the parents. Even now I'm 28 my child is 6. I have always felt like these somewhat older parents who had more time to get the nicer house, nicer veichle, nicer whatever, are withdrawn from me. I mean I go up and try to get involved but they always seem distant. I almost feel judged. maybe because they think I'm young I wouldn't know or "not mature" maybe because I don't have that nicer whatever.
I was just wondering if this is common? And even though I'm almost 30, I guess in my daughters age group I will always be the "young parent"
On the flip side of the coin I also have a 2yr old son, and a 5month old son and the parents in of their peers are still a tiny bit older than me, but I fit in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.574526
Retrieved Text: When I first began my business career, I rarely thought about what it might be like for me and where I would be working when I was 40 or older. I was so focused on what was directly in front of me, it was difficult to think too far ahead.
I knew I wanted to advance, but I did not have a vision for exactly what that meant. In speaking with many of today’s twenty- and thirty-somethings, I realized they have a better sense of having plotted out where they are headed. Of course, this is not always the case.
In the last 20 years, society has put enormous pressure on younger people to know from an early age what they want to be doing in their careers. This is incredibly unfair and unrealistic. The decade immediately following college should be a time to explore various career options, travel, and obtain a better sense of your skill set as well as what you like and do not like to do.
By the time you reach your 30s, you have generally settled into an industry which you may or may not be satisfied with. You have also, by this time, hopefully have had an opportunity to work with people who are a variety of ages.
Unfortunately, if you are in the technology industry, you will not see too many people past the age of 50. Over 50, most are either a “C” level executive, or on the software development, testing, and customer support side of the business. Perhaps in non-technology industries

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.474554
Retrieved Text: A robust safety net (i.e. welfare) is better for innovation in society, not worse.
In America, small businesses are often touted as being essential to innovation in society. My argument is that many potential small businesses never come to fruition for fear of failure. If you have an idea for a business/startup, there is generally a high up-front cost, which you're basically hoping to recoup when your business is successful.
In America, small businesses are often touted as being essential to innovation in society. My argument is that many potential small businesses never come to fruition for fear of failure.
If you have an idea for a business/startup, there is generally a high up-front cost, which you're basically hoping to recoup when your business is successful.
However, if your business fails, you will have lost all that money, and at worst, be mired in poverty.
better life for you and/or your family) against the cost of failure (poverty for you and/or your family).
Fear of the cost may be preventing countless potential businesses from ever seeing the light of day.
However, if you could be more certain that you and your family won't starve or basically ruin the rest of your life, you'd be more willing to pull the trigger.
This would increase the pool of new businesses, which would succeed and fail according to market demands, which leads to more overall innovation and benefit for society.
* Currently, younger people are more incentivized to create businesses, in that they don't have a family to worry about providing for.
However, younger people aren't necessarily better at

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.450953
Retrieved Text: Most people living in Chicago generally go to any extent to look younger than their actual age. They assume taking such a step can open up new opportunities for them. Many of these individuals find a number of popular over-the-counter cosmetics in the market. The manufacturers of such products claim their brands can help such consumers achieve their objective. However, in reality, they don’t always get the kind of results they are looking for. At the same time, they are not very comfortable with the prospect of undergoing popular surgeries. They’re not willing to take the risks of such operations and bear its expenses. This is where Botox comes into the picture.
Why are so many people opting to take Chicago Botox fillers?
Before taking a Botox injection, doctors don’t need to administer any oral anesthetic substance to their patients. Many Chicago Botox fillers experts explain this is a far cry from most cosmetic surgical operations. Patients only feel a very tiny prick of a needle. After this, the specialist carrying out the procedure proceeds to disinfect the skin of such individuals. Moreover, it is possible to apply this compound in sensitive areas of their face like the eyes.
People undergoing Botox treatment can expect to get instant results within just 3 days. This is boon for those who have a hectic lifestyle. They can return to their normal activities and get compliments from others almost immediately. Not many cosmetic procedures available in the market can achieve this feat. In most surgical operations, patients need to wait much longer.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.284376
Retrieved Text: Long term insurance is a type of insurance policy that covers non-medical aid that you might need to help you live in your old age. Most policies cover stays in nursing homes or assisted living facilities as well as services to help you stay in your home, such as a home health aide.
Care insurance is generally for older people who because of a mental or physical disability either need help in their homes or need to live in a facility where they can get help with daily living. However, it is a good idea to buy insurance when you are younger, because premiums are more expensive for older people who are likely to use the policy shortly after buying it.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.190247
Retrieved Text: People today generally live longer than they did in the past, but not always with the capability to manage their finances as they did when they were younger. This places a heavy responsibility upon their children, who must be ready to look after their elderly parents’ financial health. What does this entail? What are some of the financial dangers that can affect the elderly, and how can their children protect them? How do you know that it’s time to step in and help? Join Baruch Labinsky and Scott Kahn for an in-depth discussion of this important topic on the latest episode of Finessing Your Finances.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.151321
Retrieved Text: Keichousaurus another small aquatic reptile, lived over 200 million years ago during the Triassic Period. During this period, dinosaurs first started to rule the Earth. Keichousaurus skeletons come from China, a country that is famous for its exceptional fossils. When the people of ancient China first began to discover fossils of dinosaurs and other unfamiliar animals, they believed that they were dragon bones. The Keichousaurus was a very small creature, generally reaching just over a foot in length. We currently carry fossils of Sinohydrosaurus, also known as Hyphalosaurus, which looks like a smaller Keichousaurus. Sinohydrosaurus fossils are also found in China, but are much younger, dating back to the Cretaceous Period about 122 million years ago.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.109318
Retrieved Text: You could have a hard time choosing the type of music you both like during car rides or finding topics to talk about while having breakfast.
The couple have been married since and first met when Sunny was working as a waitress. Hilaria admitted that when Alec met her, he wanted to be with someone who was ready to have kids, and it looks like she didn't object.
Other indices on the site list the celebrities and famous by zodiac sign, year of birth, and many other options to come. An older term for any licentious or lascivious man is a lecher, and that term and its shortening of lech have become common to describe an elderly man who makes passes at much younger women.
The loving Hollywood couple has two children together, Charlie, 21 months, and River, who they welcomed in April of French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte.
Although people say that age is just a number, dating somebody who is much younger or older than you often comes with certain complications that take patience and effort to be overcome.
In reverse, the terms rhino, trout and manther a play on the panther term for women are generally used to label an older man pursuing younger women, and the younger woman in such a relationship may be called a kitten or panther.
Top Synergy's popular Relationships Analyst calculates the intensity of the hey hi hello meekakitty dating, intimacy, passion, and synergy in your relationships.
The younger of the two is similarly called the sugar baby. With thousands of famous

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.01759
Retrieved Text: Younger women dating older men is not as uncommon as younger men dating older women. Cougar dating is however slowly becoming accepted by the society however weird it still might be to some. This sort of dating of course is between willing older women and willing younger men and there are plenty of reasons why older independent women love younger men. In the same line, there are a number of reasons why the younger men prefer dating older women and mentioned below are just a few of the reasons why the men find the cougars so attractive.
Older women are generally more mature and therefore have less drama as compared to young girls and this is something the men find very pleasant. They do not fuss about small issues and neither do they end up interpreting every word or action personally. The older women know exactly what they want; they are actually busy with their lives and therefore have no time for drama and unnecessary fights. It would actually be right to say that the older women are not always insecure about their relationships because they set the terms and know what to expect.
Unlike younger women who may be in their very first relationship, the older women are experienced when it comes to love and relationships. They therefore are in a much better position to handle the relationship and to keep it burning. Apart from knowing how to handle the younger men, these groups of women are also very adventurous in bed and this is something that

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.994745
Retrieved Text: December 11, 2006 By Helen Pearson This article courtesy of Nature News.
Could childhood infections double cancer risk?
Younger brothers and sisters are usually considered pests for their whining and fighting. Now it seems they could also be a factor in whether older siblings grow a brain tumour.
The cause of brain tumours is a long-standing and impenetrable mystery, because they are very rare and it is difficult to collect together enough cases to find a common cause. But one idea is that viral infections are involved, as they are in causing cervical and other cancers.
To explore this, a team led by Andrea Altieri of the German Cancer Research Centre in Heidelberg, studied the number of brothers and sisters a person has as a surrogate measure for the number of infections they suffered. The idea, used by epidemiologists before, is that a greater number of snotty siblings generally exposes a child to more viruses.
The team found that people with four or more siblings (either younger or older) were twice as likely to have developed certain types of brain and nervous-system tumours than those with no siblings.
Sibling count is "one of the highest risk factors we know for nervous-system cancers," Altieri says.
The team analysed more than 13,600 cases of nervous-system tumours in a Swedish cancer database, one of the largest family cancer registries in the world.
Children who had three or more younger siblings were up to 3.7 times more likely to develop certain tumours when they were children or young teenagers compared with those with no younger siblings. Having lots

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.890139
Retrieved Text: Most people in the Detroit area have found that losing weight gets more difficult as they get older, and having bariatric surgery is a great way to get rid of excess weight so they can be healthier and happier for the rest of their lives. Studies have shown that older people who undergo bariatric surgery in the Detroit area and around the U.S. don’t face risks that are significantly higher than younger people who undergo the same type of surgery. They also reduce their chances of facing a number of health conditions that can drastically shorten their life span.
Patients who undergo bariatric surgery dramatically reduce their risks for a variety of health conditions such as hypertension, diabetes and sleep apnea. Older people tend to get depressed more easily than younger adults, and bariatric surgery improves the self-esteem of most patients and reduces their risk of depression. Obese patients who have undergone weight loss surgery generally sleep much more soundly than they did before their surgery and their risk of sleep apnea is greatly reduced.
Another benefit of obesity surgery is that patients who have undergone the surgery are usually able to enjoy many activities that were difficult for them while they were heavier, such as sports and exercise. These patients may rediscover sports that they thought they’d never be able to play again.
One of the benefits of weight loss surgery is the ability to travel. Older patients who are obese may not be able to leave the Detroit area before their weight loss surgery because driving or

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.767841
Retrieved Text: Moreover, if minimum wage increases there will be fewer entry-level jobs than before because firms will no longer hire unskilled workers at higher cost. Entry-level jobs are good for younger and unskilled workers. Eliminating these jobs makes it difficult for the low skilled and younger workers to find suitable employment. As mentioned in Hasset and Strain’s article raising the minimum wage is not the solution to poverty because workers who earn the minimum wage are generally secondary earners like an elderly parent earning some retirement income, a spouse with a part time job, or they are young people living with their parents. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, in 2009, expansion of EITC lifted 3.1 million people out of poverty. In conclusion, earned income tax credit will be a more efficient tool than minimum wage policy.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.73199
Retrieved Text: .action_button.action_button:active.action_button:hover.action_button:focus.action_button:hover.action_button:focus .count.action_button:hover .count.action_button:focus .count:before.action_button:hover .count:before.u-margin-top--lg.u-margin-left--sm.u-flex.u-flex-auto.u-flex-none.bullet. Content Wrapper:after.hidden.normal.grid_page.grid_page:before,.grid_page:after.grid_page:after.grid_page h3.grid_page h3 a.grid_page h3 a:hover.grid_page h3 a.action_button.grid_page h3 a.action_button:active.grid_page h3 a.action_button:hover.grid_page h3 a.action_button:not(.fake_disabled):hover.grid_page h3 a.action_button:not(.fake_disabled):focus.grid_pagediv. The reason is evolution, or instinct, humans are animals like all other animals.The males of the human species, like males of all species, desire to pass on their genes. This is a question that people have been trying to answer for decades.The reason that there are no solid answers to the question is because the reasoning varies from one many to the next.After all, women are more financially independent today than ever before.
Selector .selector_input_interaction .selector_input. Selector .selector_input_interaction .selector_spinner. They feel that dating a young woman can make their peers envious.Dating a younger woman is a status symbol for many older men, and generally, older men that are pursuing younger women for this purpose will pursue more than one young woman.All men desire a strong and healthy heir to pass their possessions onto when the die.
Nature tells men that a young woman is more likely to have the ability to give birth to healthy children.
As they age, many men start to lose their self-confidence, they look in the mirror and start to see grey hair and wrinkles, and this makes them wonder if they are still the man that they used to be.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.557035
Retrieved Text: How do Older Women and Younger Men Get along Well with Each Other?
Currently, in the concept of love, the love between older women and younger men is no longer a strange thing. In the eyes of love supremacy, the label of love is only love; it has no relationship with age. But in real life, the relationship between older women and younger men may have some problems because of age gap. So how do older women and younger men get along well with each other?
Older women are older than younger men. Therefore, some of older women will take care of their boyfriends as their own son. It’s not right. The age gap and such moves are easy to make younger men think that they are younger, and older women should take care of them. It will lead to unequal pay from both sides. Therefore, in an older women younger men relationship, older women should also be loved. And they should not always take care of younger men then ignore themselves. Meanwhile, older women should not be so tired but should act like a spoiled child boldly. If this man grows up and tolerates you all, then he must be the one you’re waiting for. If he cannot accept your spoiled, then you will be more and more tired in this relationship.
Because of the love between older women and younger men, the work and economic situation of younger men may be not very good. Then older women should make him face saving and support him at work.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.510765
Retrieved Text: The pathological Aurum condition usually arises in people who possess a serious and introverted character. They are generally closed people, responsible and quite refined. At the early stages of pathology one can sense that they avoid superficial contact and tend to remain rather aloof or sell-contained. Generally they are very disciplined and highly ambitious. They seem to have the fundamental conviction that they are destined for a superior and esteemed position in life.
Aurum people pray as a result of different psychological states and for different reasons. In certain cases they themselves have difficulty explaining and understanding their need for prayer. It is usually manifest in younger people: they pray and pray for hours, being unable to stop without really knowing why. The fact of the matter is that they are unconsciously depressed, dejected, and disappointed by life. If one inquires about the possibility of prayer with seriousness and concern, they may confess their need. They find that praying diverts their attention from their background depression, enough to almost provide them with a deep sense of relief and joy. The compulsion to pray in such a fashion – for hours on end without stop – occurs several years before the deep suicidal depression appears. These patients will confess that they like to pray, and they find nothing wrong with their praying apart from the fact that it consumes too much time and they cannot stop themselves. This excessive praying usually occurs when they have established contact with some religious group. Apart from this habit, they behave rationally

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.462729
Retrieved Text: Advertising is a powerful tool. Given the amount of money that is spent on this marketing medium by the major corporations, advertisers obviously feel that they can influence consumer decisions and thus behavior. Advertisements these days promise or seem to promise all sorts of things. They also rely on implications. Car advertisements generally use beautiful, successful looking people with the implication that buying the car could have the same effect on the target market. Beauty adverts are another example, many adverts for beauty products promise things, generally to make the consumer look younger. Do these really have an influence on the consumer’s decision to buy? How does the advertiser decide how to approach this area? What are the influences on the consumer?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.401121
Retrieved Text: Last week I talked about the different generations and what their needs are and how they can contribute to the workplace. This week I thought I’d explore what you can do as an employer to build teams that work well together and are engaged with the business.
Demographics are very general and create stereotypes to understand what the tendencies are, rather than specifics. We need to remember that although you could have been born in the era, doesn’t mean you will show the behaviours expected.
1. As the Employer, you need to understand the makeup of your business and how is it changing. What is the predominant generation currently and where will be in 2 years, 5 years and 10 years and plan accordingly using the knowledge out there?
2. You need to understand the communication methods for each generation and create a hybrid that works and that encourages communication across the generations. For example, as a Baby Boomer, I like having a team around me. Later generations are more independent.
Generation X started the home working trend, creating an environment where daily meetings just didn’t work. While Millennials are so used to technology they would think nothing of Skyping for an interview. And they communicate via the written word or visual pictures – I.E. a text or Instagram or snap chat. But generally not verbally.
We need to find a cross communication structure that works. It’s often thought that Millennials work better with Traditionalists as they are both generally exhibit independent behaviours.
Finding common ground will make the workforce a happier

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.239954
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's is not just a disease of old age. Younger-onset (also known as early-onset) Alzheimer's affects people younger than age 65. Up to 5 percent of the more than 5 million Americans with Alzheimer’s have younger onset.
Since health care providers generally don't look for Alzheimer's disease in younger people, getting an accurate diagnosis of early-onset Alzheimer's can be a long and frustrating process. Symptoms may be incorrectly attributed to stress or there may be conflicting diagnoses from different health care professionals. People who have early-onset Alzheimer's may be in any stage of dementia — early stage, middle stage or late stage. The disease affects each person differently and symptoms will vary.
Have a comprehensive medical evaluation with a doctor who specializes in Alzheimer's disease. Getting a diagnosis involves a medical exam and possibly cognitive tests, a neurological exam and/or brain imaging. Contact your local Alzheimer's Association for a referral.
Doctors do not understand why most cases of early-onset Alzheimer's appear at such a young age. But in a few hundred families worldwide, scientists have pinpointed several rare genes that directly cause Alzheimer's. People who inherit these rare genes tend to develop symptoms in their 30s, 40s and 50s. When Alzheimer's disease is caused by deterministic genes, it is called “familial Alzheimer's disease,” and many family members in multiple generations are affected.
If you have early-onset Alzheimer's you are not alone. There are many ways to get help, stay active and involved.
Call our 24/7 Helpline anytime: 1.800.272.3900.
Join an Alzheimer's Association support group. Some groups are just for people with early-onset

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.189552
Retrieved Text: In recent years, the United Kingdom has seen a marked increase with regards to proportion of immigrants at workforce. While we find only 8% of the people working in UK were immigrants in 1995, the figure had jumped to 17% by 2014.
-Most major policy concerns in UK, is immigration.
We find immigrants are better educated and younger when compared to UK natives. People from EU15 are twice as likely to be graduates as the UK born population. Also , the immigrants are most found in either professional or elementary occupations.
As per the research, Immigration does put downward pressure on the wages of the low skilled workers , while increase those for high skilled ones.
The Impact of immigration on employment, this does depend on the time period analyzed and whether the focus is kept on short term for long term effect. Another factor is, which particular end of the labour market workers are competing in.
Turning to the effect of migration on the welfare system and contrary to the popular belief, research does show that migrants do contribute to their fair share.
Research conducted by Tomasso Frattini and Christian Dustmann conclude that immigrants from Europe do pay more in taxes when compared to the benefits received from the government, while the opposite is true for the immigrants from the European nations.
As per the authors this particular effect can be explained by the fact that migrants from EU are younger and they are more likely to return to their home nation at the end of their careers. So they are less

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.121258
Retrieved Text: According to research by PwC, only 64% of people aged 55-64 in the UK are in employment.
Given the lack of candidates available in the current job market, in tandem with the growth of job vacancies, isn’t it time this changed?
Here at Red Berry Recruitment, we think it is. That’s why we want to promote the older workforce.
Older workers want stability. They are less likely to look to switch jobs. They’ve acquired experience, skills and maturity over the years that help grow your business. According to research from Capita Resourcing, 94% of employers believe that older people could be key to bridging the skills gap. So why are only 23% actively seeking to recruit people over 50?
The recruitment industry, whether consciously or not, is filled with underlying ageism. Younger people are generally looked for when people are looking for jobs. But we want to help end that. Have a read of Helen Lacey’s recent blog explaining the benefits of employing older staff.
We believe that older workers can be the answer to filling the UK’s talent gap. And we want to help. If you are an older worker looking for a job, contact your nearest office today to see how we can help you.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.11493
Retrieved Text: We are a week out from Thanksgiving. This is a good time of year to think of gratitude generally and what you are thankful for specifically. At the same time, it’s a great time of year to spread good feelings, which you can do by letting others know when you appreciate something they have done for you.
Those of you who have younger children (or older ones…) know that you end up reminding them to say “thank you” all of the time. That is because thanking someone or showing gratitude is a learned behavior. If it came naturally or from observing others we wouldn’t have to teach children to do so.
Hopefully you remember to thank people as appropriate in your daily life. In my day, this can be thanking someone holding the door for me when I get to my office, for holding the elevator for me, or for making a pot of hot water so I can have tea and get that needed caffeine injection upon arriving for work. Many of these situations are universal to all of us, but I notice when I hold a door for someone and they walk through without saying anything.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.110476
Retrieved Text: Are you confused about life insurance? I don’t blame you. When I first started writing about finances more than a decade ago, my understanding of life insurance was limited.
I knew about life insurance because it was offered through my employer, and I thought a $50,000 policy was a lot of money. I also recognized insurance company names from late-night TV commercials and the occasional bit of junk mail.
1. Life insurance through work is generally NOT enough. Since learning this myself some years back, I’ve noticed that many people never explore life insurance past what is offered through their work. Policies through work are a great benefit to have, but are usually limited to one- or two-times your salary or a fixed amount like $50,000. Plus the coverage typically ends when your employment there does.
How far will an amount like that go when you consider what’s left behind for your loved ones: the loss of your income and mostly likely debts and bills. What about things like rent or mortgage, child-care and education costs?
An easy way to get a working idea of how much life insurance you need is with a Life Insurance Needs Calculator from a neutral source like www.lifehappens.org/howmuch.
2. Life insurance is NOT a luxury item. Many people have not even considered buying life insurance because they’re convinced it’s a luxury. In a recent study by Life Happens and LIMRA, consumers thought the cost of a 20-year, $250,000 level term life insurance policy for a healthy 30-year-old was three times higher than it generally is.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.083426
Retrieved Text: When people think of DUI drug charges, they generally conjure images of illicit drugs like cocaine, methamphetamines, and heroin. Many California DUIs, however, are committed while taking legally prescribed medications or over-the-counter medicine. As long as the medicine affects a driver’s impairment, a DUI drug can be charged. Many times, a drug DUI is spotted by a specially-trained drug recognition officer. They are trained to detect the impairment that occurs with numerous different kinds of drugs.
The Press Democrat reports on a Eureka man arrested on suspicion of DUI drugs.
The accident happened just after 11 a.m. last Wednesday in Mendocino County. 65-year-old Carroll Johnson was driving his SUV north on Highway 101 when he crossed over the double yellow lines. He collided with a Mustang being driven by 24-year-old Kip Ford.
Inside Johnson’s vehicle was a 30-year-old passenger, Amber Younger. The accident caused Johnson’s vehicle to dangle precariously from a bridge. Rescue workers were able to extract both Johnson and Younger from the vehicle.
Johnson’s injuries were severe and required that he be transported by helicopter to the hospital. Younger’s injuries were serious enough to require her being airlifted to a separate hospital. Ford suffered from only minor injuries, but his passenger, 19-year-old Jennifer Ramirez, suffered major injuries and was taken by ambulance to the hospital.
Johnson was arrested under suspicion of driving under the influence of both alcohol and drugs. He was also charged with driving on a suspended or revoked license.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.040796
Retrieved Text: Filipinos are a product of mixed culture and this reflects in their physical features and attitudes. According to Philippines Plus , 5, years ago, Indonesians arrived in the Philippines. One group was tall with light skin, large foreheads, high noses and thin lips. The second group of Indonesians were shorter, darker and has larger noses, and thick lips. After several thousand years, the Malays came to the Philippines. Malays have a medium height, brown skin, dark eyes, flat noses and straight black hair. A number of Filipinos feel insecure with their flat noses, which others find to be just fine.
Mae West. Billy G is correct. I am 62 and i hooked up with an old man friend from the past who is 64 after a few get together s i was curious to see what this old stallion was about at this age AND what a shocker he had a major erectile dysfunction that is not only embarrassing for him but for me as well.
All of this makes dating more and more complex as we get older. Still, most of them fail miserably, for the exact same reasons that I think Penelope is suggesting.
3. They generally do not date women in their own age bracket. “The average year-old woman dates year-old men (and there are very few bachelors still alive and dating in this age bracket).
Now this might make you think that love is dead, but what if we told you that there is a year-old guy in Pittsburgh who is in a relationship with a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.038054
Retrieved Text: MS is a neurological condition which affects people in different ways. Around 65% of people with MS experience mild cognitive symptoms.
Generally people who are diagnosed with MS are between 20 and 40 years of age, but it can affect younger and older people too.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.986742
Retrieved Text: Those working as labourers are more likely to be underemployed than other occupations.
Over the past five years one of the major issues in the Australian economy has been the rise of underemployment given it is strongly linked with the ongoing weak growth of wages. The latest Household, Income and Labour Dynamics in Australia (Hilda) survey undertook a deep dive into the make-up of the underemployed. And while the news is generally bad for younger workers, the good news is that, for most, underemployment is not a long-term situation.
But while it is unsurprising that underemployment rises in time of recession, the rise over the past few years has been perplexing – especially as unemployment was generally falling.
The latest Hilda survey has sought to investigate who is being affected by this rise in underemployment and whether or not it is an issue that has long-term consequences for workers.
Now a big reason for this is that younger workers are more likely to work part-time, and given underemployment is mostly part-time workers seeking more hours (as opposed to full-time workers who are working less than they would like), generally when you have more part-time workers, you will have more underemployed.
The Hilda survey also found that underemployed workers are somewhat ironically more likely to be working multiple jobs than others. Just over 8% of all workers work multiple jobs, however 10.9% of those who are underemployed do so.
Among occupations, those working as labourers, in sales, and in the community and personal services sectors were more likely to be underemployed than you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.93418
Retrieved Text: Home » Do I Have An Anti-Social Behavioral Disorder?
Do I Have An Anti-Social Behavioral Disorder?
I am 16, and from the age of 13 and younger ive shown no signs of having any anti-social behavioural disorders. Lately, however, i have recognised how little i truely care for others or how little remorse i feel in any situation. I must comment that i do feel as if i have a certain love towards dogs and often at times feel anxious and shy in social encounters. This, however is mostly due to the fact that i am uncomfortable being around people and social encounters are often followed by explosive bursts of rage. My speculations have mainly arrived through the fact that i have noticed that i am distinctly socially different from everyone else, and often feel nothing when others around me are crying, laughing or chatting. I also have a strong urge to be in a position of power, always aiming to be in controll of people and their actions and to be ontop of social encounters, remaining one step ahead. This is often made difficult, however due to my inverted personality. I myself find it strange that i feel so jelous and so eager to be in control when i care so little about these people or the things they say and do. Although i have grew up in a loving, stable family, often find myself laughing at jokes and enjoying tv shows, and feel as if i could never hurt an animal (although i have no problem

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.931437
Retrieved Text: Despite its role as a major cause of death and the leading cause of disability, many Americans still do not think of stroke as a major health concern. A survey conducted a few years ago by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention revealed that only 38 percent of the individuals surveyed correctly identified the symptoms of stroke and knew to call 911 if they suspected a stroke in progress.
Stroke is the nation's fifth leading cause of death, and the 4th leading cause of death in Virginia.
On average, someone suffers a stroke every 40 seconds.
A stroke occurs when there is bleeding in the brain or normal blood flow to the brain is blocked. Within minutes, brain cells start dying. Fast diagnosis and treatment of a stroke is critical in saving as much brain function as possible.
Patients who arrive at the Emergency Department within 24 hours of their initial symptoms tend to be significantly healthier and less disabled after a stroke than those whose care was delayed.
Growing statistical evidence shows that older adults aren't the only people who should be concerned about stroke. Stroke occurrence has risen significantly in younger adults in the 20 to 55 age group, making many more people vulnerable. In fact, a little more than one-third of the people hospitalized for stroke last year were younger than age 65.
This increase is generally attributed to a concurrent rise in risk factors like diabetes, obesity and high cholesterol. Other researchers cite changing lifestyles - including hectic schedules and increased stress - as being associated with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.89967
Retrieved Text: Studies are consistently done that yield the same results: an alarming percentage of Americans have not executed all of the appropriate estate planning documents. People of all ages are remiss, but as you might expect, younger adults are less prepared than their older counterparts.
Estate planning is important for all responsible adults. It should be viewed as one of the core responsibilities that you take on when you become a self-supporting adult in your own right. There are things that must be taken care of after you pass away, and it is up to you to leave behind instructions.
Nomination of a Guardian in Cincinnati – Only for the Elderly?
There are those who contend that estate planning is something that is only important for the elderly. Many people fail to plan ahead because they believe that they will have time to do it later on in their life.
Perhaps they will. The average life span is 78 years at the present time.
However, many people pass away due to accidents and catastrophic illnesses when they are in their 20s, 30s, 40s and 50s.
Younger adults may be less likely to pass away, but many of them have significantly greater responsibilities to people that they would be leaving behind if the unthinkable was to take place.
The children of senior citizens are generally going to be self-supporting adults. On the other hand, the children of people in their 20s may still be considered dependents.
Most young families rely on two incomes to maintain a particular standard of living. If a parent was to pass

================



======= Instance Index 2661 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are low energy or high energy ):

Faster-moving water has more energy.


When a car is going slow it has low energy or high energy?

Target Text: low energy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.818409
Retrieved Text: With the production of Tesla’s mass-market Model 3 now underway, and first deliveries due on Friday, electric cars are about to hit the mainstream. For people driving EVs, it means a raft of changes: plugging in at night instead of hitting the gas station, keeping an eye on a battery meter instead of a fuel gauge, and most importantly, a change in the way they drive.
To get the maximum benefit out of driving an electric car, the accelerator (you can’t call it a gas pedal anymore!) controls both the speeding up and slowing down. Pressing the pedal makes the car go, as usual, but lifting your foot makes the car slow down, hard, not coast.
It’s a quirk that takes some getting used to. At first, it can feel like the parking brake has been accidentally left on. But most drivers eventually prefer it because it makes inching forward in traffic much easier than swapping your foot back and forth between pedals.
In a conventional car, brake pads clamp onto a metal disc, with friction converting the kinetic energy of a speeding car into wasted heat. But when electric cars slow down, the electric motor runs as a generator, recovering some of that previously wasted energy to top up the battery. Depending on how much regeneration the software engineers allow when designing the car, the force can be powerful enough to slow the car most of the way to zero, meaning drivers only need to use the brake pedal to come to a full stop.
Nissan will become the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.555994
Retrieved Text: I "upgraded" my 2003 G35 sports coupe to the G37S and could not be more disappointed. Nearly everything about this car is substandard. It handles like my old Camry, bouncing up and down (no longer "grips" the road like the G35) and the power steering has a tendancy to oversteer when going around curves. Braking/accelerating feels like you are trying to stop/start a truck, its about twice as slow to get this car to a stop vs the G35. It is faster, but thats about it in terms of improvement. As for the radio, I sure hope you only listen to AM. Even with the high-end Bose version, sounds sound absolutely horrible. There's a weird range that seems to be muffled and overall it sounds compressed. I'm going to see if the IPL is any better, but so far after 10 years its sad to see Infiniti has devolved their sports car to the state its in now. Very little innovation.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.447302
Retrieved Text: If your car has been acting up almost every time you drive it recently, you may wonder if there could be an issue with the engine. If so, look for the following signs that the culprit is a failing timing belt that needs to be replaced.
One of the first signs you may notice when your timing belt is failing is the presence of loud noises coming from the engine. At first, you may hear a loud shrieking sound whenever you try to speed up going down the highway. This high-pitched noise is likely caused by a worn belt slipping on the pulleys.
As the timing belt wears down even more, it may start jumping off of the pulleys, causing the loose belt to slap against adjoining parts. Each time it hits, you will start hearing a clicking sound coming from under your hood.
The frequency of these clicking noises will change depending on how fast you are going, with high speeds making them heard in rapid succession. As you slow down, the sounds will slow down as well.
If you are hearing the clicking noises, these sounds are an indication that the belt has become extremely loose and is in danger of snapping. If you do not have the belt replaced, you could find yourself stranded if this were to happen going down the road.
Along with loud noises coming from your engine, another sign that your timing belt is failing is when your car acts up each time you try to accelerate. The timing belt keeps all of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.309448
Retrieved Text: It’s a good thing for motorcyclists in many ways and lane filtering also reduces traffic congestion.
So what is this lane filtering and what skills do we riders need to be competent lane filterers?
As defined by the Centre for Road Safety in NSW, lane filtering is when a motorcycle rider moves past stationary or slow moving vehicles in the same lane at slow speeds, up to 30km/h.
That sounds pretty slow, however in a prang and no matter who’s fault it is, I’m normally going to feel more pain as a motorcyclist than the car, bus or truck driver that is involved in the tangle.
The biggest nasty is potentially going under a truck or a car door opening. It doesn’t bear thinking about, but it’s happened in the past to some poor soul.
I would not want to ride into the pointy end of a car door at 30km/h. If 30km/h sounds slow think of it as 8 metres per second.
Always with this self preservation in mind I adjust my speed depending on the dynamic risk assessment that you should always be using when riding a motorcycle.
So, along with the road-craft and attitude adjustment, what actual riding skills do we need to safely lane filter?
We will be riding slowly between stationary or moving traffic, pedestrians and cyclists up to 30km/h, which indicates the need for competent slow-speed riding skills.
These slow-speed skills enable the motorcyclist to balance slow-speed riding with directional stability.
This leads to reduced straight-line stability and this is when slow speed skills really come into play.
They key to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.219849
Retrieved Text: The Ford Crown Victoria was a lot of things: tough as nails, practical, great at getting everyone around you to drop down to five MPH below the speed limit. But was it fast?
Don’t hate until you’ve driven one. Slow? Sure, it was never a performance car. Overweight? Not really, they’re only a little bit heavier than any other full sized car. Turd? Hell no.
They aren’t performance cars, but you can get them to slide in the right conditions, the PI and HPP versions handle quite well for a massive car at that price point, and they’re more than reliable and near impossible to damage. (Cop brakes do make a difference, 4 wheel discs when the Mustang still had rear drums. Cop shocks make a difference, the base Vic rides like a holdover from the 70s, the stiffer springs and shocks on the PI make it actually fun to hustle around a corner. And Cop engine? The only changes were to make it more long lasting (silicone hoses, extra coolers, etc)).
And yes, greasy cop wannabes do purchase them for unsavory purposes (one of the biggest annoyances on the CV forums), I can vouch that the ex-cop looks are more annoying than beneficial. Even my all-white older CVPI model in a town that excusively uses black and whites would slow people down, and pulling in behind someone who is going the speed you want to immediately have them slow down to exactly the speed limit is very annoying.
TLDR: Don’t judge till you drive one, they’re absolutely in the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.063997
Retrieved Text: Can someone explain to me why my rear tires rubs during slow corner turns?
I'm trying to figure this out. I'm running 20x10 ET11 on 285/30/20 for the rear wheels. The rear tires dont rub going straight nor even over speed/bumps but it does for some reason during 10-25mph turns, why?
I would imagine at high speeds for the car to roll and spring/shocks to compress potentially causing it to rub the fender but this is at low speed turns (like speeds driving through a parking structure).
Our cars don't have active rear steering right? Can someone please explain?
You'd be surprised on the amount of suspension travel even at low speeds, especially if the turn has altitude change (like going into a parking lot from the road).
i have a question, everytime I accelerate on a turn, my rear wheels vibrate and kinda grinds on the pavement, is this normal for a rear wheel drive? When I turn slowly it's fine...it's just when I accelerate putting some juice into the car...it grinds on a turn...is this normal?
What you guys might be experience might have nothing to do with 'rubbing' but rather normal rear differential characteristics.
i have a similar sound in the back with 275/35 19"
Same thing I was going to say. I had the same issue when the car was brand new in 2008. Sounded like rubbing on something but I realized its the rear diff. I took it in to service and they changed the LSD fluid and I was good to go. No issues since.
It's literally rubbing. There

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.889889
Retrieved Text: We’ve all done it. The fuel gauge is creeping lower and we remember that pushing in the clutch puts the engine into idle mode, where it consumes a minimal amount of fuel. That’ll hopefully leave you with just enough to get you to the nearest petrol station. So far, so good, right? Wrong… unless the petrol station is a straight stretch with no need to slow down or stop.
This article from Popular Mechanics reveals you’d use less fuel driving in gear with your foot off the accelerator. This is because while your car may use little to no fuel to stay in constant motion while coasting, it actually gobbles up a whole lot more when slowing down or stopping. It’s also illegal, dangerous and can damage your engine. So, just don’t do it, okay? Promise? Good.
Ever drive past an accident scene after a collision between an older car and a newer one? We’ll bet the newer car looked like it took a proper beating. This is because the newer car has crumple zones, designed to absorb the energy of the collision, so the driver and passengers don’t have to. This is clear from the recent Global NCAP Crash Test of the TATA Zest, which scored a 4-star safety rating.
Now compare that crash test with this compilation of older car crash tests from the 1960s. Which car would you rather take a bump in?
Please resist the urge to slow-clap when someone tells you they don’t wear their seatbelts and prefer to drive a car without airbags, because

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.793537
Retrieved Text: By my logic... I am pretty sure car number one (the smash-ee) was in trouble. Why wasn't he on the grass, or at least the apron?
If that is not the case, and regardless, car number two (the smash-er) was going faster than he could see ahead.
I don't do that on the interstate, do you? And let us not make fun of the interstate. I do 50-60 (or less) in driving rain, depending on how far ahead I can see. How much light there is and the amount of rain hitting the windshield are both factors. Additionally, how much water there is on the road and the potential for hydroplaning enter into it. I try to follow someone moving about the same speed and get them to where I can just see them. I don't know if I can always stop, but I try to be able to have room for one move.
When in the rain, the overriding factor is...slow down. If you are in doubt, slow down some more.
Essentially, that track was like an interstate and the turn-in was like a right hander at the end of an off ramp. No big deal. Unless you are going about double the appropriate speed in the name of your motherland and have your pride and your silk scarf thing going on.
You know, at any point in time in the dry you can flip on your "Go Pro", close your eyes and and take a video just like that one! Same same, imo. Pedal down, can't see--still your fault.
Oh,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.744514
Retrieved Text: Slow down. This has got to be the most obvious tip of all. When roads get slippery you must take it slower. It’s surprising how many drivers out on the roads don’t do this.
Increase your following distance. In dry conditions, usually 3-4 seconds following distance will give you time to react to what a driver ahead of you may do. In slippery conditions, increase following time to 8-10 seconds. Many, many accidents on the freeway and other major roads could be preventing by following this simple advice.
Consider changing your plans if the roads are too bad. No one wants to miss a sporting event or a concert just because of road conditions, but it is wise to be flexible enough that you could alter how you get there if the roads are bad. Sometimes, it’s wise just to stay home.
Learn your car’s capabilities. Does your car have power brakes or anti-lock brakes? Power brakes need to be pumped to slow down without sliding. With anti-lock brakes, you push down on the brake and it pumps itself to slow the car down. Understand the way your car handles before you are on the road in icy conditions.
Mentally practice what to do if your car slides. Don’t wait until you are in a crisis to figure out what to do if your car slides. If your car is sliding, turn your wheel in the same direction that you are sliding. You may be tempted to turn it the other way, but doing so could cause your car to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.672031
Retrieved Text: On the 1st of every month, I have decided to answer YOUR questions!
Today, Sarah is our lucky soon to be mum, who get’s her question answered. Her dog needs some help remaining calm in the car. Sarah is nervous about what will happen when she adds a baby into the mix.
Cooper and his friends looking very happy in the boot of my car. This is what we want to happen with Sarah’s dog, Ruger.
“Hi, my husband and I are expecting a little girl in mid June. We currently have a very loved Kelpie cross, Ruger, who has been number 1 in our family for 3 years. He is walked off leash daily but has a very strong personality and some naughty traits we just can’t get rid of, even after much research and trial. He absolutely loves playing with the 6 and 4 year old girls next door. He is horrible in the car. He has never had a bad experience in the car and car rides always end with a positive occasion yet he cries, paces and barks (high pitched) the entire trip. When visiting my family 5 hours away it is pure hell. He does not stop for hours. I have been angry and stern and have tried calm and supportive. Remaining calm seems to help but he never stops. He is harnessed in but tangles himself at times and it becomes so stressful to me, it can be dangerous. The odd thing is that when returning home from somewhere he is generally quiet.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.528671
Retrieved Text: Top Gear’s James May isn’t as extravagant as his colleagues Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond. Perhaps that’s partly because he has the lowest net worth of the three of them. Before you start getting too upset on James’ behalf, you should be aware that he still earns £10 million and has a garage full of machinery.
James May might be a lot more modest than his Top Gear co-stars but he still owns a couple of quick and expensive cars. The man’s West London property is home to 6 motorbikes and 4 cars including a Porsche 911. He may not be as into Porsches as his co-star Hammond, but that doesn’t stop Captain Slow from driving one of the German sports cars.
James doesn’t like to admit that he has loads of money so he keeps his Rolls Royce a little secretive. His Rolls-Royce Corniche cost him £300,000 but what’s that matter when you earn millions from TV presenting?
The next car on our list is far more modest. This Fiat Panda is apparently the one that he drives the most.
Over the years May has owned many cars including this Ferrari F430. Captain Slow may be his nickname but going slow in this machine’s nearly impossible for anyone.
We’re not sure when he owned a Vauxhall Cavalier Mk1 but we’re reliably informed that the BBC presenter once owned this bland hatchback from Vauxhall. We wonder whether he had it in a shade of beige.
The Porsche Boxster S was the first car that James May bought new. The BBC presenter’s only

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.454193
Retrieved Text: Well, it has finally happened. I’ve done it. I have passed the speed limit. Tomorrow marks my 56th birthday, and since most highways (except for maybe the turnpike system) have a speed limit of 55 miles per hour, I think it’s finally time for me to slow down.
Not that sitting in my car for nearly three hours every day, travelling at an average speed of 27 miles per hour is going fast. I know that because my car can tell me my average speed. It can also tell me my average miles per gallon, an approximation of how many miles are left in the current tank of gas, who is texting or calling me, and what color underwear I have on. This is part of what I’m talking about. Life is going too fast. Information is flying in and out of my world as fast as best friends did when I was seven.
I’m tired. I have done my time. I’ve raised two children to adulthood. I have been working full time since I was twenty-one. I’ve maintained a home, the finances, the health, the kitchen (including a table full of teenagers every night for a span of about six years), and a not-so-demanding husband.
When I first felt the very painful effects of an empty house, less errands, laundry and cooking, and an eerie quiet all of the time, except for maybe the drone of television sports emanating from the man-cave, I suffered a deep depression. I didn’t know what to do with myself. Everyone around me

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.435015
Retrieved Text: Hello there, just my van had a problem and I am not sure what is going on, the guy who inspect it, toll me to get my car to the Kia dealer cause he wasn't sure what happens, when I start my car, to prevent the check engine light turn on, I have to wait until the car is warm, if I don't do that the light appear and the esc off too then my car stop working and I have to restart again, is become slow, and I hear a noise when accelerate, when I am on freeway start to shake about 70mph, I'm not sure but I think there something wrong with the transmission, this can be possible if my car is only 92xxx miles?
this can be possible if my car is only 92xxx miles?
When it comes to something that has many moving parts, produces heat, and is subjected to many different types of environmental conditions, anything is possible.
Comment only: 92,000 miles! If you really think about that, that's a LOT of miles. Vehicles that get extraordinary care can and do go lots more without major issues or long gone if neglected by then. Note that is 3 times around the whole world + some!
With the best of care at some point plain upholstery and seat springs have had it along with all the silly things that move not essential like the drivetrain.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.430223
Retrieved Text: Last week I talked about some of the tuning and techniques for drifting FWD cars. Some readers may be asking “why bother?” Well, because it’s a driving skill. And if you can drift a FWD car, it will help you drift a RWD car. Inducing oversteer by dynamically changing the balance of the car is important regardless of which wheels are providing power. I shot the video below on the skid pad at Thunderhill between coaching sessions.
The first part shows an exterior view of some switchbacks. It’s sort of comical how slow I’m going and how little my car looks like a racecar. But even at slow speeds it will slide around corners. In the second part, the camera is inside the car. You can see that I don’t use the hand brake. The car oversteers by changing the balance of the car, not locking the rear wheels. It’s also set up with a lot less grip in the ear. The car has RE-71R tires on front at 26 PSI (cold) and Hankook runflats on the rear at 38 PSI (cold).
The next series of shots are what I’m calling point to point. It’s just going around two cones but with different turn radii. I start with a large radius and progressively shorten it. Which one do you think takes the least time? Back in December, I posted on this topic. See Cones in Theory. If you don’t want to read that whole post, here’s the short version: I make the statement that path A takes less

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.253473
Retrieved Text: Showing 121 through 140 of 5387 matching exhibits.
Two years into the project. Almost finished. It needs rust cleaned up behind the front mud flaps, a really good polish, and possibly a new RMS. The AC leak is quite slow.
As Art has pointed out that the magnets I scavenged from old Sonicare brush heads may be prone to rust, I bought a package of these, super strong and somehow plated magnets at the local hardware store. They offer similar, if not better, holding power and are way better than the cheapo ones sold direct from China that I have seen. These cost $8 for 10 magnets.
This is what the oil pan and its stopper looked like once out of the car. Unbelievable. Imagine this failing going down the road.
Car is actually a 1984.5 model, but has everything that a 1985 came with, equipment-wise. Makes more sense to refer to it as an '85 model. Photo was taken in 2011. Car hasn't seen road time since October 2012, when it was taken for a test drive after a head swap on the original block. Currently sits engine-less. Probably will be receiving the B21FT/M46 combo from the 242 when that car gets the remanufactured B23FT/non-turbo '79-'82 M46 combo that's sitting in the garage. The 245 was originally an Oregon car with an Aw71 behind the B21FT.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.199154
Retrieved Text: Do you have a car that is in need of repair. Even if it doesn't at this moment, you understand the stress that it can cause. You also understand the uncertainty in what to do when your car does need repairs. How can please click the following internet page you be sure? Read on to find out what auto repair choices you have.
Ask any questions you have. Your questions should focus on issues that your vehicle has, as well as what you can do in the future to prevent them from occurring again. Preventing issues can save you a lot of money.
You do not have to call a mechanic every time you are having car trouble. There are a few things that could be fixed very easily. If you wish to take a shot at it yourself, get online and see if you're able to figure out what's going on. You can save a lot by doing small repairs yourself.
You should wash your car often to avoid rust. While cars are going to rust eventually, you can definitely slow this down by ensuring all chemicals are cleaned off your car as quickly as possible. Utilize quality waxes to keep the paint looking new.
You need your records available at all times. Some people keep this paperwork in the glove compartment of their car so it is readily available, if needed. The auto shop will definitely want to see any records. The records can help them figure out the problem.
Finding the right solution to your auto repair needs

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.19791
Retrieved Text: I’ve had the words “pace car” in my head for a while now. Mostly when driving to and from work and usually when there is a car ahead in my lane going less than the posted speed limit on a relatively “good” weather day. This morning was no exception and as I began to switch lanes to go around the slow moving car, the unseen driver also decided to change lanes as I began to pass the car. All is good and no collision occurred, but I began to tune into what I felt Papa had to say about it.
I heard Him whisper “My people think they are not moving fast enough in getting to their next level, but I AM setting the pace. I have set before some a path for which I desire time to travel; I want them to experience every bump, every roadblock and all the scenery along the way. This is not a set up for failure, but designed to strengthen and prepare them for their future. Before they can accelerate ahead, they must be able to handle the adversity of the journey. Others are attempting to move too fast and unless they allow Me to slow them down, they will careen out of control and crash. This pace car is set before them for safety, not a hindrance.
Have an amazing and blessed day!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.178009
Retrieved Text: Authorities in the Keys arrested a Ferrari driver after he sped away from deputies while going 100 miles per hour.
Gabriel Molina, according to the Monroe County Sheriff's Office, told deputies at the time of his arrest, "The car is a Ferrari, and it goes fast."
Molina, 29, faces charges of fleeing and eluding.
It all began when a deputy clocked him going 75 mph just after 2 a.m. in the Upper Keys. The deputy began to follow Molina with lights and sirens. Molina, according to the sheriff's office, accelerated to 100 mph.
The sheriff's office said Molina turned off the lights on the car before pulling into a gas station. A deputy passed the gas station, saw Molina standing outside the car, and arrested him.
Molina denied fleeing from deputies. However, the passenger in his car told deputies she asked Molina to slow down after seeing their lights and sirens.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.16053
Retrieved Text: Question: I’ve had my car for awhile now, and I’ve never given the battery a second thought. Should I?
Answer: A car battery isn’t very different from a regular battery. If the battery in your cell phone dies, you’re not going to be making any calls. When your car battery is dead, your car isn’t going to start.
Car batteries last an average of three to five years, but there are a few factors that can affect that length. The first is driving habits. If you regularly drive for 20 minutes or less, your battery does not fully charge, which will cause it to fail sooner.
The second is climate. Many people associate dead batteries with the winter months, but summer’s heat actually has a greater effect on battery life. According to the Car Care Council, heat causes battery fluid to evaporate, which damages the internal structure of the battery. That’s slow death for a battery.
In hotter temperatures, your car battery requires a higher charge rate, which can lead to an accelerated loss of active material from the positive lead plates, increased grid corrosion and water loss. All of this adds up to a battery that’s on borrowed time.
Your engine doesn’t start immediately or it cranks slowly.
Some electrical components aren’t functioning when you try to start the vehicle.
You need a jump start to get your car running.
Your dashboard warning lights are on.
The battery case is swelling.
There’s a sulfur or rotten egg smell around the battery, which is caused by battery leaks.
If your battery is 3 to 5 years or

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.10438
Retrieved Text: When I bought this love seat at my local second hand store I thought for sure it would fit in my car. The store clerks tried several different ways, but she just wasn't going to make it inside the car.
Left with only one option, I said "Put it on top of the car." They looked at each other, concerned, but did what I asked. They gave me twine and I secured it to the roof of my Saab wagon. My hubby is so tolerant of my adventures, but strapping furniture to the top of my car really pushes him over the edge.
I'm not certain if I was getting glares from other drivers because I looked like someone from the cast of the Beverly Hillbillies, I was going too slow, or they thought the love seat was simply ugly. But, I was happy with my new find. Just wait until you see what it looks like when I'm finished with it!
Now don't even ask me how I got it inside the house, with my bum knee, and one my own.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.024742
Retrieved Text: After picking her up from preschool, a woman absolutely FLEW by me in the middle of an intersection and almost took a slice out of the paint job on the front right side of my car. She then immediately had to slam on the breaks in front of me because the person in front of her was going the actual speed limit. I luckily reacted quickly with my own brakes … right before my internal machine decided to slam on the horn and give her a “slow it down, lady!” motion when I knew we were safe.
My daughter … who never misses the opportunity to ask for an explanation about anything… asked me what had just happened.
I calmly explained that the woman was going way too fast and cut too close in front of Mommy’s car. And that I beeped the horn as a way to alert her that I have precious little people in my car that I need to keep safe and that she should drive a little more carefully.
No response. She just kept her eyes on the woman’s car while my mind stayed focused on what a dumb decision it was for her to almost cause an accident… just to be one car ahead of me at the stop light. “Really got you there faster, lady, didn’t it?!” I thought as I tried to shake off my anger over the next couple of blocks.
Finally her car turned away from the direction that we were going, and within seconds my daughter asked where she

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.997372
Retrieved Text: Josh was one of the many people that i’ve met this year locally while going to car meets/shows and through mutual friends. I remember when I first saw the car (which was also, the first time I met Josh) and I remember thinking that it could look pretty clean if done right. Nowadays there seem to be people that really like that low and slow look and others that still go for performance. Josh is a guy that goes for performance with a clean style. Although its only a few pictures, i’m honored that I was the first one to get these pictures of his Mazda 3 and with the way its going, it won’t be the last you see of it!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.950317
Retrieved Text: If you’re driving defensively it means you’re ready for anything that comes along, which allows you to react more quickly when other drivers do something unexpected. If you can make these basic tips part of your daily driving routine, you’ll have a much better chance of staying safe on the roads and keeping your car running smoothly.
Try to watch what’s going on a few cars ahead of you. If you notice tail lights a block away, you’ll be more ready to slow down when you get there, even if the car in front of you hasn’t started slowing down yet.
It may be surprising, but slow drivers can be just as dangerous as fast drivers. Any time you are on the road, pay attention to the general flow of traffic around you. Try to maintain a speed that keeps you moving along comfortably with the other cars.
Be aware of where you are in relation to the cars around you. A good rule of thumb is that if you can’t see the eyes of the driver beside you, that driver probably can’t see you. Staying in their line of sight will keep them from changing lanes into you or cutting you off unexpectedly.
According to Groth & Associates – Car Accident Injury Lawyers, you should always have at least a half car length between you and the car in front of you. When you’re following too closely, a sudden surprise slowdown or stop could end in a collision. Give yourself room to slow down comfortably no matter what happens.
Watch

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.83097
Retrieved Text: Not a lot of people know what a rig shot is....its when you place the camera on a long arm, and drive the car at a slow speed and use a very long shutter speed so the car LOOKS lil sits going 100 mph when in fact you are doing less than 5 mph. Most automotive photographers have a rig that they build and they NEVER divulge how it was done. Its like a magician telling the key to his tricks. So I built a rig and here are a few shots from it. They came out pretty good! Not bad for some parts from home depot and a title bit of ingenuity.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.828556
Retrieved Text: Big Jimmy's Motorcycle Forum > Welcome to Big Jimmy's Forum > Just gettin' started > What's The Worst Part?
yup, when getting hurt didn't hurt that bad.
Definitely the worst part when I started was just turning the bike. Leaning over and "pressing" the bars seemed to go against the nature of things. I had someone ride my bike home fromt he dealer, so the first time I got on it I made the mistake of going around a cul de sac. 600+ pound bikes don't like to turn when going that slow.
Yes David, we think about you slowing down too.
How many miles do you think you have logged David, I am sure it is staggering.
I dont remember my first bike it was 46 years ago. But as far as getting to know your bike. Its the same with a new car or boat or etc.. I once read that when you get a new car it takes about 500 miles to really get comfortable with it. If you average 50 mph thats 10 hrs. of driving. I not sure if its the same for bikes, boats etc. but its understandable. Thats one good reason not to let other people try your bike. The mistakes are less forgiving than in a car.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.816212
Retrieved Text: Toyota Prius Review: Is This Small Toyota Hybrid Car a Good Family Car?
Hybrid car prices are coming down and gas prices are going up. This combination has made many families on a budget consider getting a hybrid car and the Prius is one of the top selling hybrid vehicles. In this Toyota Prius review you will learn why this hybrid is considered by many one of the best hybrid cars and how despite its small size, can be the right fit for a small family.
Although the Toyota Prius hybrid car has a sleek and sporty design, it does not seem to have the power of a sports car, or even the power of a similar non-hybrid family car. It does have a slow acceleration. However, once it gets moving the Prius drives like any other small car whether on the freeway or city streets. Eventually you will get used to the slow start and forget that you are driving a car with a different engine system than the standard small car.
The cost savings over the life of the car makes up for any drawbacks to driving and owning a hybrid car. For example, as advertised the 2010 Prius does regularly get 48 miles to the gallon. In addition, it’s not uncommon during long drives on the freeway to reach over 50 miles to the gallon. For families that take regular road trips, the gas savings can make a significant difference in the vacation budget.
Although compact, the design of the Prius interior feels roomy and makes for

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.787727
Retrieved Text: "Drifting - a tyre makers dream."
For drifting you must have a rear wheel drive car or a four wheel drive car which has most of the power going to the rear wheels. Assuming you want to go into drifting on a budget you will need a car you can afford to break and repair easily. You will have lots of crashes, and mistakes when you are starting out so something like a Ford Sierra or an older American car will have a ready supply of cheap parts.
The only essential modifications for drifting are the Diff and suspension. Obviously weight reduction and increasing the power output of the engine would be nice but on a budget and while you are learning these are unimportant.
Patience, steady control and very deliberate slow throttle and steering controls are the difference between hacking a car around and drifting.
Lets look first of all at the Diff (limited slip diff or LSD hereafter) and what it does. Imagine you have a pencil with 2 cotton reels on each end. When going in a straight line both cotton reels rotate at the same speed. But when on a curve the reel on the outside needs to rotate faster than the inner reel otherwise it will just be slipping over the surface and not gripping.
The LSD in a car sends the driven power proportionally to the wheels with more going to the wheel that needs to rotate a greater distance. The drawback of having a Slip Diff fitted is that when one wheel has no

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.718342
Retrieved Text: One of the hardest things is keeping our composure and conducting ourselves with dignity in the midst of thick traffic. During busy times roads fill up with vehicles weighing thousands of pounds, moving at speeds unimaginable until about 150 years ago when trains emerged to help us leap across America. And in the middle of it all there is the human factor. Someone is driving an unmaintained car pumping out a devilish mist shrouding our breathing space in a dark, poisonous cloud, or someone is distracted, impatient, or uncooperative. It is remarkable how well we do in persevering a peaceful atmosphere in spite of these humungous challenges.
Riding my bicycle I have to work a little harder to be safer. Being more vulnerable has been a tremendous advantage. It has awakened in me the capacity to be empathetic to those with less power. When I’m bicycling I especially look out for pedestrians and yield to their situation. Riding on the multi use path is a perfect analogy to driving a car on the road. Ideally I could ride as fast I wanted on the Bosque Trail but sometimes there is congestion, or people walking across the trail, or small children or beginning bicyclists that require me to slow down. The thing I’ve realized is slow is the rule. Sometimes we are taught that we must yield to speed, but that doesn’t create a safe environment. Slow is the rule. If someone is going slower or people are in the vicinity we have to slow down accordingly. Pressure’s

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.718037
Retrieved Text: Welcome to AustinDriveClean.com - home of Austin Hybrid and Hypermiler Club.
Hypermiling is another way to go green and clean, while keeping your cortisol levels down. While hypermilers tend to accelerate at slower rates, you'll find that in using these techniques, you'll get to places at the same time those "fast" drivers arrive (highway driving excluded). You'll also arrive less stressed and with more gas in your tank. Remember, smoother is always better. You cannot drive faster than the car in front of you, and you cannot drive through red lights. So you might as well get good fuel economy while you're waiting.
Here are some tips. Please only use the tips you feel comfortable using, and be aware of others drivers. Hypermiling takes concentration; so practice during off-peak driving hours if you need. This is not an all inclusive list.
Private Driving lessons available to individuals or businesses. Save you and your business money at the pump!
Air up your tires to the sidewall pressure. This is what is on the tires itself. Tires tend to lose pressure over time. Make sure you check your air pressure regularly, and air them up when they are cool (not hot off the road). Properly aired up tires will give you better traction and are safer than deflated tires.
Get an alignment if your car needs it. It probably needs it.
Park far away from entrances in a large parking lot. It will give you time and space to exit the parking lot at your pace.
If there are hills and rises in the parking

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.696009
Retrieved Text: I want to walk you through a few key points and then show you how my brain works when I am setting up a pass on someone - not that it is the perfect way, but to illustrate the thought that goes into it.
The easiest way to pass someone is to get a better exit off the previous corner, drag race them down the straightaway, get a run, pull out of the draft, and pass them in the braking zone. To make this happen, you will most often need to “back the corner up” (be patient on the entry, braking a little early) and focus on trying to get a really, really good exit off the corner (getting to full throttle very quickly) and thus getting a great run down the straightaway.
Let’s take Turn 7 at Road Atlanta, for example. That is a perfect place to really focus on the exit, and it leads right into a great passing area in Turn 10a. Brake a touch early into Turn 7, slow the car in the center of the corner, then get the car lined up straight (rotated), and get to full throttle way sooner than the guy ahead you are racing… don’t get sucked into over-driving the entry to Turn 7 because you want to get past the guy in front of you RIGHT NOW! You often see the classic “over-drive the entry” causing a messy middle of the corner, then causing late-to-throttle, and a poor run down to the next straight! Then you are too

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are decreased or increased ):

More recently, the death rate has fallen because of the availability of more food and medical advances.


When people forgot how to farm the population decreased or increased?

Target Text: decreased

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.92622
Retrieved Text: You couldn’t get a better version of a young Basdeo Panday (sorry Mickela) this week when you heard Mooni talking about ‘Generation Vex’, a slur on Generation Next who is the Panday slate in the upcoming UNC internal elections. Similar to Bas’s penchant of saying ‘corpse’ when referring to the COP, Mooni forgot his party mantra about ‘everyone having the democratic right to seek election into office’ and could only say ‘vex’ and how they have meetings with 10 people under a shed and a few stray dogs.
You see Mooni, unlike many people in Tnt I have a long memory of politics and politicians. And the same way Kamla forgot (or forgave) I didn’t. Your eyes betray the lust you have for power and no matter how much KPB tries to foist you on the population as a ‘future leader and PM’, she must be really confused to think that you ever will… All it does is reinforce the perception that she has bad judgment and makes bad decisions. A recurring theme of this administration. Ever wonder why you never score well in popularity polls Mooni?
So enjoy the next three years as a demigod, as all Ministers of Government do in this hell hole of a country that you and your kind have made it into. Your true calling as Opposition Chief Whip will be here sooner than you think.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.552212
Retrieved Text: This is the time of year when families across the US gather together to give thanks for their blessings and celebrate each other. Over the years, our family has occasionally started out Thanksgiving Dinner with having everyone share something that they are thankful for. Usually it brings about a couple of eye rolls, but everyone begrudgery comes up with something.
In dairy, we spend so much time lately focused on the challenges we face – low milk prices, challenging weather patterns, uncertainty about our future. It’s easy to let our problems overshadow the blessings we do have in our industry. However, I would challenge every one of us who work in dairy to make a list of what you are most grateful for in this industry.
So, what reason do we in dairy have to be thankful right now? There are so many of them. Here are just a few that I came up with.
Our Product. When I was young, everyone knew that milk was nature’s most nearly perfect food. It did not change. It is still the most complete source of nutrients naturally available and one of the most versatile products on the marketplace. Name one other commodity that can be made into as many different products as milk can. I cannot think of any.
A Growing Customer Base. By 2050, the world population is expected to be nearly 10 billion people. The largest growing segment of the population is beyond our US borders, with 90 percent of the mouths we feed outside of the US. As populations

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.535284
Retrieved Text: I'm psyched. The Funky Chicken Coop Tour is today. I hadn't realized how many people here in Austin keep chickens. I plan to keep some out at the land. Now I can see how people with less room than I have manage to keep chickens without annoying their neighbors.
For more info, see http://fccooptour.blogspot.com/.
Suddenly I'm hearing about urban chickens all over the place. I think it's a terroristic plot to place avian flu vectors in high-population areas so that when the time is right, our enemies can unleash the genetically modified virus that will infect domestic fowl and quickly jump to all the annoying neighbors whose roosters wake everyone up way too early. And everyone else too.
Some friends of mine have a small (5 acre) chicken farm specializing in heritage breeds. One's a teacher and the other works at NH cooperative extension so they do a lot of farm education stuff.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.506735
Retrieved Text: Next story Why Shouldn’t We GiveDirectly?
Thank you this was well written !
Wow! This is awesome! I’m not a Christian, but I believe in the teachings of Jesus and in radical empathy. It’s great to see people of all faiths who really GET it!
Thank you. It’s so hard at church potlucks. I always take dishes that are vegan. I can never get how they can turn a blind eye towards supporting farm factories. Once a lot of us went out for pizza and I ordered a veggie pizza (before I gave up dairy) my pizza came first. Everyone wanted a piece which left my daughter and I with one piece. Then all the meat pizza came and sitting there wondering how everyone forgot about what I just shared with them about farm factories.
Sue, I’ve been in your shoes. Keep hope.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.418655
Retrieved Text: Tell us about your agriculture background.
I am the fourth generation on my family’s 500-acre crop and beef farm, which was originally a dairy. Though my family no longer focuses on dairy production, I have always had a dairy background. When I was eight my parents bought me my first Holstein and I was a member of the Cochranton Blue Ribbon 4-H Club for my entire 4-H career. I graduated with a degree in Animal Science from the Pennsylvania State University in 2014 and am currently pursuing a concurrent master’s degree in the Psychology of Leadership and Public Administration.
You spent time as the state's Dairy Princess.
I loved the people! It didn’t matter if it was a resident of Philadelphia or a member of a 4-H club from rural Pennsylvania, I loved hearing people’s stories!
Currently, I work as a legislative aide to a member of the State House. However, I am in transition and will soon be working for the Pennsylvania Republican Party as a Field Organizer for the upcoming election cycle.
Farm Bureau members be more effective in the legislative process?
2) Get to know your legislators.
Any time you call, email, or visit a legislative office, that meeting is recorded so that the legislator can revisit that information at any time. If there is a particularly controversial piece of legislation being voted on, elected officials have the ability to look back at those visits and your opinions to get a better idea of how their constituency feels about that topic. The only way for local, state, and federal elected

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.087515
Retrieved Text: Since 2006, Ross Berry Farm has provided Cherokee county and other neighboring communities with beeswax candles, hand-crafted soaps, and local raw honey. A Labor of Love. We have stuck to the same traditions for over 20 years and look to expand even further to offer more to our sweet buzzing friends.
In 1994 Terry and Jeannie Ross originally started out by growing raspberries. That's how they got the name Ross Berry Farm. But when they found out how quickly raspberries spoil, Terry and Jeannie started looking at other optoions. They ended up in the beekeeping business in the Union Hill community.
Ross Berry Farm And Apiaries Inc was founded in 2010, and is located at 159 Watkins Rd in Canton. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $29,000.00 in annual revenue.
Ross Berry Farm, Canton, Georgia. 7 likes · 6 were here. Urban Farm. Jump to. Sections of this page. Accessibility Help. Press alt + / to open this menu. Facebook. Email or Phone: Password: Forgot account? Explore local businesses on Facebook. Sign up for Facebook today to discover local businesses near you.
This web site and its contents are the property of the Georgia Beekeepers Association Inc. unless otherwise noted. Georgia Beekeepers Association is a 501(c)5 non-profit organization.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.985544
Retrieved Text: If you refuse to look at another farm game because it either resembles Farmville or couldn’t match Farmville, you’ll miss out on a fun farm remix about saving the chicken population. AppMania‘s new Farm It! Seasons is unlike any Old McDonald tune you’ve ever sung and it’s worth checking out.
As the heroic head rooster on the farm you’re obliged to solve the chick population problem by giving the hens a little action. To do this you have to tap near the hens and watch as they partake in a short and clever animation session of jump rope or something like it.
Being the man of many hens doesn’t come without its trials though, and keeping the hens laying and happy isn’t any old walk in the park. There’s an elderly brown rooster at your heels and ready to give you a beating unless you place feed in front of him on time. There’s also a dog happy to ruffle your feathers if you try anything while he’s awake. Apparently the farm is full of enemies ready to stick their nose in your business.
To gain victory over these nosy troublemakers you have to tap your rooster to different parts of the farm strategically, picking up bonuses and dropping them in front of enemies just as they approach. Avoid all the wrong things while giving the hens all the right things at just the right time.
The resulting game is a kind of modern day Pac Man where the half circled bad guys take the shape of farm animals and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.631773
Retrieved Text: Gigglemonkees – Laughing Life To The Fullest!
Laughing Life To The Fullest!
Poor little Stanley forgot how to quack! He must ask his friends to help get it back. All the animals on Silly Nilly farm work together to help their friend Stanley remember his quack in this delightfully clever tale of mishap and friendship.
Tales From Silly Nilly Farm – The Goat With No Coat!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.59736
Retrieved Text: Matt Chinian Painting Blog: Creek on Conley Rd. forgot how to paint, again.
Creek on Conley Rd. forgot how to paint, again.
Here is where I ended up today, I really should take it back it's just not right.
Starting with white, in this case made sense, at least in a nonsensical way.
I thought it was going OK, I was looking for a barn, and I wanted some reasonably distant view, but I saw this creek and liked the way it cut into the field, and the brightness of the snow, but i couldn't get a handle on the way the fields receded so strait.
There are a lot of subtleties, in the way the field goes back and I just got confused and forgot how to paint.
I had almost 2 hours so it might have not been the time, I also chose a view where the sun wasn't strait above, but it was still wicked bright anyway.
Here is my scene, it's a good scene too, I think I need to do it more or again or both.
My Pallet: titanium white, cadmium lemon, cadmium yellow, light, burnt seinna, alizerine crimson, zinc white, prussian blue and ultra marine blue. the "black" in the middle is ultramarine and burnt sienna. The cap has my medium, stand oil, damar varnish and turpentine.
The back light was very strong and you can see the mess I made.
A wonderful place but certainly not easy to paint. It would be a good idea to come back in a couple of weeks when the snow is gone, but

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.39985
Retrieved Text: Studying farm people is nothing less than knowing the majority of the population and their socio-economic characteristics including the problems and prospects of any developing country like ours. Education, in its all form, is a panacea for all, has shown its miraculous impact on the growth and development of the economy in general and on the far, productivity and efficiency of farm people in particular. There may be instances of invisibility of impact of education on farm production, no such instances are found where higher education of the farm people leads to low productivity and efficiency. In this backdrop the book will shed lights on the details about farm production, their economic characteristics and the issues that come in while applying empirical production function; the linkage between education and farm productivity in general; empirical methods on evaluating productivity and efficiency of the farm people and their education. The book has provided a detailed analysis of empirical results of how along with other primary inputs education of the farm people affects their efficiency while producing different food and non-food crops. This book will be an asset to those who are dealing with farm efficiency and productivity analysis.
As mentioned in the blurb, the book is an asset for those who are indulged in farm production. The book contains all the information you would require to understand the concept of farm production.
The book has been written in easy-to-understand and simple English so that readers don’t find any jargon words in it.
Both the title & cover match well with the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.376997
Retrieved Text: Thank you Abune Samuel. Someone had the guts to speak out against Aba Gebremedhin.
Thanks to God to geve us this victory.
This is what we were waiting for a longtime. It is good for churches which are located overseas specially for Kidus Michael in Seattle.
I thought we were wrong done when I think about the people at St. Michael church in Seattle. Especially what the so called Deacons are doing is an embarrassment to the entire Ethiopian Orthodox Church population. I don't even know how they go home and sleep.
They totally monopolize the church and disrespect the entire Orthodox population. I suppose that shouldn't be a surprise though because they learnt it from the Master. As one of the Ethiopian proverbs says, there is a Master to a Master (close?). I count this as a Miracle.
Right when I start to loose hope...boom the light. Our God is a great God who gives signs when asked.
This is the kind of leadership we were waiting for from our church leaders for a while.
Now we need someone to come after MehbereKedusan. They are one of the biggest problem we are having after the higher power. Those who call yourself MehbereKedusan Shame on you big time. Especially the once in Seattle. Enanten BeloDemo LeHaymanto Tekorkwari... You stand and listen when Zemicheal uses Albert Enstine as a marriage example. You stand and listen when Zemicheal said he so called "Kene" in English.
Enanten BeloDemo Yetemara... What is knowledge if it doesn't transform you?
Shame on every and each one of you.
How can I appreciate

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.37247
Retrieved Text: I often wonder how we got there, and how it was that we all came to be created by that place, changed forever by our years there.
It was as if I were meant to be there. Even in my earliest years I loved tagging along with Dad to the “Farm,” as a girl full of curiosity would, wanting to understand what goes on from 8-5 in the parent world.
It was Narnia and Disneyland all in one place, with a bit of 1984 thrown in on occasion. It could be a nightmare but in the best years it was mostly a haunting wonderland…something fragile and dark, full of beauty and tinged with sadness, all wrapped up in a sensory overload jumble. I see it now as captured in a giant snow globe. Surreal and locked the memories stir when I shake them in my mind.
It is so hard for anyone to understand who had never been there.
To understand, you had to breathe it in…let the place seep into you to experience the sense of awe it still holds for me. It brings me to tears even after all these years: That Farm on the hill, holy depository for the broken and the lost, the loved and the rejected, the home. It was the playground of my teen years…my rite of passage to adulthood. It is a big part of who I am, and a big part of me was left behind, inside those gates.
I was thirteen when I first came to the Farm. It took a while

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.234133
Retrieved Text: Well Pet Day hasn't changed that much... but they did only have farm animals but you will know at the end so basically there's not many animals farm animals in Pet Day now days but there used to be only farm animals (e.g. horses, calves, sheep and even pigs). Exhibits haven't really changed but there used to be more things like food animal and egg person models.
We interviewed an old teacher of our school called Mr Hall and he told us about him as a boy and him as a teacher. When Mr Hall was a boy he said he liked the calves and cows. He liked to do the sand sauces. When he was a boy they had to do three exhibits in the morning! A lot of work, Mr Hall said as a teacher on Pet Day it was pretty chaotic because someone wouldn't have enough of this and someone did this and just lots of things. He also said it didn't really change much when he was a boy.
Now lastly this is why we have Pet Day like they are now also this will explain the farm animal things. So it basically went farms, lifestyle house (small sections). What I mean by this is there were lots of farms years ago so there used to be more farm animals then.
The years went by and people started moving and the population grew which means people needed homes. These were called life style blocks they had a bit of land but not a farm. Then

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.209467
Retrieved Text: Ask most kids the first thing that comes to mind when you say "vegetables," and they’ll probably complain that their parents are always asking them to eat them. It’s unlikely that they think much about how vegetables end up on their plate.
But as the global population soars, so does the demand for food (yes, even broccoli)—and the path from farm to plate is getting ever more tenuous. Despite growing need, there are fewer U.S. farmers, and those that are still in the profession are getting older. Many of their children are hesitant to take over the reins of the family farm, opting to leave their rural hometowns for potentially greener pastures.
According to U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) farm census numbers, the average age of a principal farm operator is now 58 years old—just six percent are under the age of 35. And the number of new farmers—those who have been on their current operation fewer than 10 years—is down 20 percent between 2007 and 2012.
"It is our responsibility to get young people excited about agriculture and then provide the opportunities to become the next generation of leaders," said Paul E. Schickler, President, DuPont Pioneer.
With the U.S. farm population nearing retirement, the need for young agricultural leaders is urgent. New educational programs and coalitions are stepping up to educate and inspire a new generation to take ownership of the future of farming. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP), administered by USDA's National Institute for Food and Agriculture (NIFA), recently announced $18 million in funding to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.194447
Retrieved Text: The holidays were really amazing. My family was in town, I got to spend time with my beautiful niece, and just relax. My sister keeps Huntley Rose on a strict nap schedule so we were cuddled up in the house for most of their trip but we did make it out to Ardenwood Historic Farm one day! We used to go here when I was a kid but it had been so long I forgot how beautiful it was. We got to hang out with all the cute farm animals and watch the beautiful monarch butterflies. If you know me at all you know that I love animals. Literally any kind of animal and I want to live on a farm one day. When I was younger my parents let me have pet chickens and they would follow me around the yard and cuddle up on me when I would lay by the pool, so needless to say I was in my happy place. Huntley was even pointing up at the butterflies and feeding the farm animals! It was such an awesome experience to share my family now that we are grown up, I’ll definitely be going back soon.
If you’re in the Bay Area and are looking for something fun to do (you don’t have to have kids to enjoy this!) you should check out the Ardenwood Historic Farm. It’s such a beautiful place with a ton of history. Check out some of the pics from our trip! You can also check out my favorite donut

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.14358
Retrieved Text: Exchange your Delicate Pocket Watches for amazing rewards. Remember, you can exchange for each reward once, one after the other during the first round. After the first round, trade for whichever reward you like.
1. You see all the land beyond the blackberries? That’s where I’ll build it. It will be a beautiful place where people from all over the world can stay!
2. A place where people from different cultures can learn together, laugh together and cook together. It’s going to be WONDERFUL, Farmer!
3. I know it’s going to take a lot of work to make this dream come true. That’s why I’m heading to the Farmer’s Market today to sell some farm fresh foods.
5. Don’t forget to pack some lemonade too. It’s a HUGE hit in this town. Strange thing though, I haven’t seen the farm family today. Have you?
6. Oh well, I guess it’s just me and you today, Farmer. Oh, AND our handy dandy Taco Truck! Just a few more things to pack up and we’re off to the market!
7. The truck is loaded up but I feel I’m missing something. Aha, a classic home-made sign. We can make one right now. Voila! Hop in the truck, Farmer. We’re off!
8. It’s been a long time since I drove through the countryside. Look at all the flowers and rolling hills! Straight ahead is the farmer’s market. *Beep beep* Here we come!
9. Wonderful, we’re finally here! Time really does fly when you’re having fun! Let’s put all of our farmer products on the table to set

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.033052
Retrieved Text: WindReach Farm Foundation is committed to financially supporting the mission of WindReach Farm. WindReach Farm is a fully accessible farm which provides specialized features, programs, and services to meet the needs of the special needs population. WindReach Farm is proud to be a unique, barrier-free facility and is for all people for the last 25 years.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.01012
Retrieved Text: I have been a farmer Officially farming since 1999, but I have been involved in our farm since 1975.
I’ve been a Farm At Hand user since: since 2014; it has been a huge help with my record keeping for my farm and for managing my data.
Where do you farm? Birsay, SK, by Lake Diefenbaker.
What do you grow? Red lentils, peas, canola, durum, wheat and barley.
What’s one of your favourite moments when you’re out in the fields? One of my favorite moments in the field is harvest, seeing the results of hard work and planning.
What is your most important piece of equipment and why? The most important piece of equipment is the sprayer. It it seems we never get out of it from burnoff, in-crop spraying, fungicide, insects, and pre-harvest/dessication.
Can you share with us what you think our biggest challenge in Ag right now? One of the biggest challenges in Ag is the public perception of food safety and the amount of misinformation being circulated. Consumers need to know where their food comes from and how we produce it.
Do you think the way we farm and produce food will change in the next 10 years? How so? The way we farm will continue to change in the future due to technology available to us as farmers and consumers demand for the products we are producing.
If there is one thing you want the general population to now about farming, what would that be? If I could say one thing to the general population is don’t believe everything you

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.009317
Retrieved Text: Deb & Dale are neighbors of my parents basically and the best people you will ever meet! I mean barefoot, down-home, give you the shirt off their backs folks. (And a little trivia? They completely catered my wedding and made sure the days events ran smoothly! They do it all!) They have all sorts of animals and any stray around always ends up with them! Also, ya'll should see their garden! Everything is home grown from the watermelons they use for Deb's famous watermelon margaritas to the 100's of tomatoes they had on the picnic table. You know, we are both sort of like the picture below when it comes to animals though. A good time was had by all and I am thankful for the shortened work week now bring on the photos! (keep scrolling, I may or may not have made out with the sweetest baby cow ever! Haha) Also- sorry for dates I couldn't remove on the picture overload. Deb saved the day with lending me her digital camera since ALL of us forgot our phones and/or cameras!
I cannot believe you let a cow lick you! Girl, I grew up on a dairy farm and I've never done that. Slimey! haha. Glad you had a good weekend! Loved all of your antiquing instagram photos!
Hahaha how fun! Although I think I would have freaked if a cow licked me LOL!
Animal lovers are ALWAYS good people! Looks like so much fun and the sort of day I would so enjoy!
Ahh you kissed a cow! I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.982864
Retrieved Text: Sign up for an account 登記戶口 Forgot your password 忘了您的密碼?
What is the Gay Market?
Gays and lesbians are sometimes elusive to quantify, but major advertisers have increasingly found that their efforts are well worth the investment to find them and for good reason. A recent study conducted by the Connecticut-based Greenfield Online, found that the average annual household income for gays and lesbians is US$57,000. The New York-based Company, Spare Parts, Inc., which helps companies market to gays, estimates that the United States gay and lesbian population is between 15 million to 23 million. According to another study (Inter@ctive Week, August 30, 1999. Pg. 20.), the US gay community consists of over 19 million people with an estimated buying power of US$800 billion. Asia has more than half of the world’s population, which is more than 10 times the US population.
Below is a benchmark that helps to bring this market more into focus, allowing us to compare it to other diversity niche communities in the US marketplace.
As the gay market has grown and developed over the past 30 years, it’s been the travel industry which has embraced and been at the forefront in marketing to the gay community. The world of Gay Travel is the most diverse and mature. There are companies dedicated exclusively to gay travel marketing and business associations solely for the world of gay travel. The size of the gay travel market, in terms of buying power, is what attracts advertisers the most. Based on the Travel Instition of the US travel market at

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.968174
Retrieved Text: It’s not how you feel. Having a cow could mean considerably more than just getting agitated. You might just enjoy having a cow – or more fittingly, a whole farm of computer. Farming cattle could possibly be your ticket towards the hugely. Billions of dollars in profits are derived from farming cattle. A host of items that originate from farming cattle could yield you additional money when compared to a desk job. Cattle farming produces beef and veal, milk, cheese, butter, leather, and dung fuel amongst others. In developing countries, cattle are raised mainly as draft animals.
Organic foods which are once sold only on specialized stores can now be bought almost anywhere and organic farming has grown to hold a substantial share with the foodstuff market. Along with the interest in well balanced meals also came the massive demand of Organic Recipes. Thousands of people search the world wide web for brand new recipes they are able to increase their diets. The recipes have not only absorbed cyberspace but also the libraries. So many books about cake recipes are already published that it is likely that all libraries will have their own number of these healthy eating recipes.
Once which is done, you should figure out how to plant and farm those mushrooms, because different types of mushrooms have different requirements. Therefore, when you think about starting a mushrooming business, it is vital that you read about the kinds of burgeons that you can grow and the effort that you will should place in if you wish

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.96802
Retrieved Text: When you decide to become an ethical fashion brand it can actually be a pretty overwhelming place. Navigating the world of international garment manufacturing is tricky, there’s labor standards, tariffs, and numerous cultural differences to consider. Fortunately, THR3EFOLD is here to make it easy for you. Every month, you can expect to learn more about industry ethical manufacturing certifications that provide a trusted standard when you work with factories a world away.
Ever wondered how many people live in poverty? It’s actually estimated that nearly half of the world’s population live on less than $2.50 per day, and coming over a whopping 3 million people, that can make this cause seem completely overwhelming and quite frankly, unfathomable. India alone houses almost ⅓ of the world’s poverty population which is why we focused on starting our work there.
Last week, we made a cameo at Conscious Magazine, highlighting the 7 ethical designers showing in Fashion Week. We were really excited to write this article since it's obviously something we are quite passionate about, however it was harder than we thought. We were aware that the pool of high end ethical designer brands was small, but we didn't realize how small. Which got us thinking, while we wait on the industry to catch up with responsible manufacturing, what can we be doing now? Most of you are not going to move to a farm, grow our own food, weave our own textiles, and live off solar power - hard pass. So here are 5 easy things you can do to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.96161
Retrieved Text: I almost never start a blog post, story, column (or speech) with a quote. I got pummeled for doing so back in the 1970s by an editor at the Windsor Star, and I’ve never forgot.
That’s a warning from Chinese agricultural journalist Zhou Siyu, in his fine 2012 outlook story about his country’s projected agricultural fortunes, published in the China Daily.
Zhou, who visited Guelph in September as a participant in the International Federation of Agricultural Journalists congress, says China’s farmers are fighting a battle on two fronts.
“They are simultaneously contending with a surge in demand stemming from the ever-increasing population, and with a decrease in the amount of arable land, water and other natural resources that can be exploited, ” he says.
According to Zhou, the country’s looming troubles help explain why it has imported more agricultural goods in recent years. Not until 1996 did the country begin to import soybeans. By 2010, though, China was bringing in 54.8 million tons of soybeans a year, making it the largest importer of that farm product in the world.
Here’s the Canadian angle: in 2011, China surpassed Canada to become the largest importer of US agricultural goods. It’s a very hungry country. And, says Zhou, it’s spending a lot of money on food, with its imports helping keep economies such as the US afloat.
That’s why the world can’t afford China to fail, says Zhou. Globally, who else is spending money?
The photo in this blog post is from China Daily, of harvesting at a farm in Nantong, Jiangsu province.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.87447
Retrieved Text: 4✨s – After losing his father and the family farm, Luke has hit rock bottom. He’s sharing a small apartment with too many people, picking up trash at the local fair, and his future prospects aren’t looking good. The fair is money, but it also reminds him of everything he lost—and all the things he never believed he could have.
Mason is out and proud, working on his bright future, when he sees a familiar face from their hometown. Once upon a time, he tutored Luke in math and never forgot the presumably straight, hunky farm boy, even if he dressed for hard work instead of fashion.
Meeting up again when their lives are so disparate added just the right amount of angst to this little story. Watching them figure each other out, with Mason adding the much-needed encouragement Luke needed to follow his dreams, was just sweet. They were likable and lovable, the type of couple you want to root for.
I know nothing about Minnesota or farming, but the setting and details felt authentic. Both became part of the story, not just a backdrop or foil, which made this an excellent addition to the States of Love theme.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.812502
Retrieved Text: Oysters grow on many substrates. We use sterile grain jars to maintain and transfer spawn. We grow oyster mushroom on straw mostly. Cheap and easy and local. We also like alternating fresh coffee grounds with hydrated cardboard and a high spawn rate in buckets with holes. Some people use hardwood fire pellets. Agricultural waste produce are used worldwide. Oysters grow on almost anything.
Shaggy mane are delicious. They should be great in your area. Should also be wild. They are often in disturbed areas and in lawns.They are very watery, so need lots of cooking to evaporate the liquid, but are the best in cream of mushroom soup or in stroganoff. We also failed to get blewits to grow from spawn.
Love to see some pics Steve. Here are a few from our garden last summer. Wine caps are pretty sneaky, found them a long ways from where they were "planted", but we have wood chip paths and mulch almost everywhere and now all mulch is inoculated with wine cap spawn (just add in the well run wood chips). Also phot of the oyster added to the straw mulch in garden beds and the shaggy manes in the compost that pop up every fall when the temps drop and the rain comes.
That's great. We too have spread wine cap spawn throughout the garden. Mushrooms everywhere. We are also using a well run bed of wine cap mycelium as a treatment for the road runoff.
We grow Pleurotus ostreatus, primarily the gray variety. It does well in the temperature ranges

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.721167
Retrieved Text: It is rather common for a nutritionist to be invited to visit a farm before designing a specific nutrition program. In fact, in my opinion, this must be a prerequisite set by the nutritionist. At any rate, an experienced eye will quickly decide whether a true custom-made program is possible. And, although nutrition can cope or even help with a mediocre farm health status, or even untrained staff and below-par facilities, the one thing that cannot fix is a mixed genetic population.
Certain farms enjoy breeding and cross-breeding their own genetics, which I consider a noble exercise, but when it becomes a self-indulging purpose, it negates any nutrition effort to feed commercial (terminal) animals efficiently. It is not rare for a farm to have four or even more breeds of animals, all intermixed in the same facilities, while cross-bred animals are constantly and even randomly produced. I understand there is a certain thrill there and, in fact, I know this is how the first genetics advances were achieved. But I am focusing here in commercial operations that produce their own market animals and not modern genetics businesses.
When faced with a mixed population, a nutritionist cannot create any reasonable nutrition program to feed any animal efficiently. At best, a medium animal is envisioned, resulting in the paradox where no such animal exists and as such some animals are underfed whereas the rest are overfed. It is a lose-lose situation that has no fix. Remember that, in modern farms, individual animal feeding is impossible, whereas even group feeding is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.711384
Retrieved Text: Much of what Americans consume in the U.S. is produced by farm workers of Latina/o descent. The berries, nuts, meat, and pasta that we eat, and the hops and grapes that we drink, for instance, are made possible in large part by the skilled labor of farm workers. Farm workers, however, tend to be socially, geographically, and economically disadvantaged. They often labor in rural areas, and are therefore physically invisible to the majority of Americans. Farm workers tend to be racial and ethnic minorities, and are often immigrants. They are often poorly compensated for their labor. The multiple forms of oppression that they experience further contribute to their isolation and invisibility. Similar to the rest of the U.S., farm workers in Idaho face social and economic challenges. While Idaho farm workers face long hours, low wages, and inadequate housing, they continue to produce for the consumption habits of Americans, as well as for global markets. Building on our previous work in immigration studies (Meierotto) and agriculture and food system inequality (Som Castellano), we decided to conduct research examining the well-being of farm workers and their families in Idaho.
We began conducting ethnographic research with Idaho agricultural workers In December 2016. We wanted to learn more about the challenges farm workers face in maintaining their well-being, paying particular attention to household food security and the labor of food provisioning. What we learned was illuminating.
The southwestern part of the state has seen an increasing agricultural focus on the production of hops in recent years. Driving the shift is consumer

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.646696
Retrieved Text: Some say that AI, machine learning and digital twin will be the three main technologies that will eliminate the need for manual labor. The main belief that tries to justify why that’s the case is from the perspective of the average person, indicating that technology will directly “replace” people, making them redundant and irrelevant in work positions. According to the majority of employees, the fear of losing their job because of a new innovation that can do their work a thousand times faster is very daunting. In their mind, this will mean that their current practical skillset they’re using to work for somebody and stay relevant will become obsolete, forcing them to get out into the real world, seek new options, opportunities and think for themselves again. The same mindset can be seen in agriculture – the world’s oldest industry that has depended on manual labor for ages. However, how true is the fact that AgTech will increase labor shortages even more? Does this really mean that laborers will be forced out and replaced by tractors who drive themselves, drones that look after crops, robots that work 24/7 and AI that will plant disease immune seeds? Let’s find out.
The idea that agriculture technology will make manual labor obsolete is a bit far-fetched. I mean, let’s think about it for a moment. It is logical to stipulate that workers who solely do grunt work will have a harder time being useful due to the ability to replace manpower with AgTech, but that doesn’t mean that those same

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.596962
Retrieved Text: Today, we went out on the farm, as Stallions do.
We recorded our music video today!
I stayed in the car for this part... it was cold.
Yes, it was cold! And dark. And all the other things you associate with 4AM on a farm in early spring. But we got it all set up and it was AWESOME.
After successfully freezing our poor toes off, we headed back into town for some seriously amazing breakfast at the Taste Local cafe.
I would show you pictures, but I was loopy and forgot to take any while we were there... check out the deliciousness on their page!
After refueling, we headed into the city with our business suits and filled our apparent position as "the beautiful people" (this keeps coming up... explanations later).
We played around outside of coffee shops, and maybe drew a little too much attention... The good news is, we made some friends! After seeing the laughter, we went inside to introduce ourselves and met some awesome Loveland natives. They were enjoying their renewed friendship over some coffee, and we got to talk about our shared ideas on valuing other humans! How cool.
We wrapped up the recording by heading back out to the farm (a little warmer this time around).
As I'm writing, most everyone is napping. The Stallions still need their rest! As do I... So with that, we will see you next week!
Thank you so much for your support, it means more than you know. We can't wait to share with you in the coming months!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.541666
Retrieved Text: With things a bit quiet on the farm at the moment and with all this sunny spring like weather happening it was time to take 1/2 a day off work. So, what does a fish farmer do for recreation? Go fishing of course!
Nice way to spend a $unday, Im on my way in to work, apparently they need me cause it's busy.
Wish all the slow cars would get out of the fast lane.
Sorry troutman, your post neglects to mention the location of the lake and detailed directions on how to get there you must have forgot!
Nice fish Gav - How'd they taste ?
I'm planning on buying a fly rig.
I've had a bit of a go on borrowed gear to the point where I can cast the to point where the fly generally ends up further away from than it started, but given the way people seem to use a fly reel (sometimes it seems fly reels are just for line storage when I watch people fly fishing on youtube), is there any reason I need to spend money on a decent one?
Can you recommend a low cost rig to get me started?
For small streams...2/3wt outfits and small fish the reel is just a convenient place to keep the line and you can use a cheap one but for bigger rigs like 5/6wt or 9wt you need good drag for fighting the fish on the reel.

================



======= Instance Index 357 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are short distances or long distances ):

However, the energy is diluted as an electromagnetic wave travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area.


Something with a lot of energy travels short distances or long distances?

Target Text: long distances

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.091925
Retrieved Text: Almost no one can do without without a break from their normal routine every now and then. But since there are so many holiday providers both online and in physical travel agencies, it might be hard to choose which company you should go for. And as a young men or women, you might not want to travel with people that are way older and therefore have other interests ,wants and needs. Onf of the companies that specialised in youth holidays is Contiki Tours. But what kind of trips, holidays and tours do they offer? Will they really provide what you expect? Do they really know what you as a young person want? How are their organisation skills? And if something happens to go wrong, will customer services help you out? Read all of that and more in customer reviews. The opinions, comments, remarks and experiences that are describes by real customers of Contiki Tours can prepare you for what you are in for when you travel with Contiki Tours.
Contiki Tours is a travel organisation that focusses on youth holidays. The company was founded in Europe in 1962. Their first expeditions went to Afrika, The Middle East and India. Later trips to New Zealand, America, Australia, Asia, Latin America, Costa Rica, Equador, Galapagos Islands and Japan were added. They offer discover tours that provide explorers with the chance to see as much as possible. Their high energy travels are for youngsters that want to visit a lot of destinations during the day and go out dancing during

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.713766
Retrieved Text: The Sun's heat influences the environments of all the planets, dwarf planets, moons, asteroids, and comets in our solar system. How does a big ball of hydrogen create all that heat? Learn all about it in this video!
Every 1.5 millionths of a second, the Sun releases more energy than all humans consume in an entire year. Without the Sun there would be no light, no warmth, and no life.
Its heat influences the environments of all the planets, dwarf planets, moons, asteroids, and comets in our solar system.
How does a big ball of hydrogen create all that heat? The short answer is that it is big. If it were smaller, it would be just be a sphere of hydrogen, like Jupiter.
But the Sun is much bigger than Jupiter. It would take almost 1,000 Jupiters to fill it up!
That’s a lot of hydrogen. That means it’s held together by a whole lot of gravity. And THAT means there is a whole lot of pressure inside of it.
In fact, the pressure is so intense, and the density so great, that the hydrogen atoms collide with enough force that they literally meld into a new element—helium.
This process—called nuclear fusion—releases energy while creating a chain reaction that allows it to occur over and over and over again.
That energy builds up. It gets as hot as 27 million degrees Fahrenheit in the sun’s core. The energy travels outward through a large area called the convective zone. Then it travels onward to the photosphere, where it emits heat, charged particles, and light.
That heat

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.387344
Retrieved Text: Potential- stored energy: not moving. Potential energy is in many objects see or pass by. Examples of potential energy used in your daily lives is; a unopened carbonated drink, a car parked at the top of the hill, a book on a table, a raised weight, and many more! Some characteristics of potential energy are stored, having the potential to do something, and many different types of potential energy.
Gravitational- energy due to the downward pull of earth’s gravity. This type of energy is proven by the height or position. Like for example a ball on top of a 2 story house had more gravitational energy than a cat exploring a basement. Some characteristics would be gravitational pull, gravity, and height/ position. We use this in many sports we play like basketball and baseball. When you shoot or hit the ball it’s pulled down by gravitational energy.
Elastic- energy stored when an object is squeezed or stretched. We use elastic energy in many things in our daily lives. Girls use it putting up their hair with a hairbow. Guys use it putting on sweatpants, with the elastic on the top is is stretched when the person goes to step into it. Characteristics would be like many things that have elastic contain it.
Chemical- the potential energy stored in chemical compounds. We use chemical by baking and using chemicals when we are making something. For instance when your parents are in the kitchen cooking they use many types of substances to form a chemical substance. Therefore you use chemical energy

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.374153
Retrieved Text: A small presentation about how a Gmail message travels when you click Send button. It is part of Google’s advertisement campaign on its green initiative.
Google has recently released a simple audio/video presentation to let Gmail users know how an email travels to its destination once you’ve clicked the Send button. Intuitively, the presentation has been named as the “Story of Send”.
Many people wonder how exactly email works –many wonders about how it travels –many others wonder a lot about Google’s infrastructure that handles enormous amount of data. This presentation provides you with the answer in a very simplistic layman’s way. The presentation is worth watching as visualized journey of email helps you grasp the concept better.
Story of Send shows you how your Gmail message travels.
To get a quick glimpse of the presentation you may want to watch the following YouTube video first.
Google and other big internet corporations have been criticized for the amount of energy they guzzle in maintaining their data warehouses. Admirably, these companies have taken steps to minimize impact on Earth’s environment. Google is leading the pack by making its data centers environment-friendly.
Frantic activities keep taking place around the Internet every second. Email traffic is constitute significant portion of these activities. Therefore maintaining email data center and other related infrastructure requires large amount of energy. Through Story of Send advert, Google is trying to publicize its effort on minimizing its carbon footprint.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.18796
Retrieved Text: What knowledge do you have about travel? Have you made a travel plan that is personally catered for personal travels?Do you have yourself prepared for emergencies or an unexpected event? If you are having major vacation anxiety, read on for some tips on improving your travel plans.
Try to work in some physical activity before you board the plane. This can reduce the tediousness of a long flight. Sitting the same position for long time can cause your legs or back to cramp.
Always keep your most important belongings on hand when traveling.Do not use bags with easy access to people near you that could easily take your stuff. These are but a few tips to consider when shopping for a safe bag you wish to take on your travels.
Let a family access your travel itinerary. This will allow someone knows where you should be. Stay in touch with that contact to be safe. They will not be as concerned if they hear from you regularly.
A luggage tag on the outside of your luggage can easily be ripped off in transit.
The markup on these small products is disproportionate compared to the amount of space that you save. Try simple folding them to save room and allow you to take less baggage along with you. These techniques will allow you create additional space in a smaller space.
Avoid rush hour traffic when setting out on your trip. If it’s not possible to avoid rush hour, consider stopping during this time to refuel or grab something to eat. This is the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.997704
Retrieved Text: Get Them Excited to Go – Every parent has a different strategy to get their child excited about something. From talking to experienced parents who travel quite often they always stress to involve your child/children in the travel plans. Show them different activities and attractions beforehand and see what interests them. You might be surprised and get to experience something with your family you would have missed out on.
Purchase a Child Locator – I would have to say out of all the things that could go wrong while traveling with children, the one things nobody wants to do is lose track of their whereabouts. This probably goes without saying. My suggestion would be to invest in a child locator. With the rise in traveling families many companies have created apps and should only run you about $25.
Bring Cards/Game – When traveling you never know when a plane will get delayed or bad weather might strike. What you can do is be prepared for them with cards or small games. Puzzles, coloring books, gameboys etc.. Nothing is worse than an antsy child during an already inconvenient time. I definitely recommend something educational!
Take Advantage of Early Boarding – Most, if not all airlines have early boarding for families. This is a great time to get on the plane before other guests and get situated. Every second counts when traveling with little ones.
Keep Hydrated – You would think this goes without saying. Even us parents struggle with drinking enough water. Keeping hydrated is essential when traveling. You need to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.949919
Retrieved Text: Contact | Energy Cities - Local authorities in energy transition.
Since our staff travels a lot for European projects, the chances of meeting us somewhere are very good. In addition, we are always pleased to welcome you in our offices in Besançon or Brussels.
By car : find your way with the interactive map.
From the Basel/Mulhouse airport: take the A36 motorway in Lyon’s direction. Take exit no. 4.1 "Besançon-Marchaux". Then follow the sign for "Roulans-Marchaux-Besançon-Palente".
By car: find your way with the interactive map.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.851189
Retrieved Text: ​Five years ago, Val embarked on travels all around the world to film a project entitled What is love? In an attempt to discover why he hadn't yet found love himself, he travelled the world for a year asking strangers what love was for them. The result? 320 unique statements. His travels inspired him to write his debut novel The Freckled Owl while staying in Sri Lanka.
HIM: It is about getting as much positive energy through the universe as you possibly can, because in essence we are all energy, and we feel it from each other – even subconsciously. And if you make a conscious effort to put out as much energy as possible in a positive way, other people can sense it and they’ll pick it up – so, rather than you go looking for love, love will find you.
HIM: Oh, you mean energy? Think about it. Energy is like a freeway and if you make a conscious effort to put out as much positive energy as you can, you become a direct line with a freeway. (She kisses him and they’re locked in embrace.) And, it’s beautiful, man. So, always stay positive, no matter what.
HIM: Life is what you make it, man. If you surround yourself with negative energy, negative people and negative thoughts, everything you attract is gonna be negative. But, if you are positive, all positive things will come to you, man.
HER: You have a choice. You make a choice.
HIM: Exactly. You are your own author for your own destiny, man. Write

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.710926
Retrieved Text: I’ve picked up a lot of life lessons from my travels around the world. One such lesson came during the most magnificent sunset I’ve ever seen that occurred on the Greek island of Santorini. Here, after a full day of exploring and making lifelong memories with strangers, we came to the top of this hill, sat down and prepared to watch something that would forever change who we are.
The reason that moments like these are so powerful is that in these moments, we live in the the pure now and feel nothing but bliss. We’re not concerned about the many small challenges and issues that face us all in life. Instead, we’re enjoying the present moment with others who share the same level of high energy frequencies as we’re experiencing.
I believe that travel is a powerful tool that allows us to appreciate and return to the present moment. This is the reason why some become addicted to traveling because, like a drug that brings you to an incredible high, a new destination allows you to awaken all your senses like never before.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.351912
Retrieved Text: The area around a magnet where its force can be felt is called a magnetic field. If you move a coil of wire close to a magnet (within the magnetic field) it produces an electric current in the wire.
In its simplest form, a generator would consist of a U-shaped magnet and a single loop of wire. If you rotate the loop of wire between the poles of the magnet, this induces (generates) the electricity in the loop.
Most generators have several magnets and coils (with lots of windings) and most produce an "alternating current"as the current travels in one direction for half of the turn and in the opposite direction for the other half.
Note: A generator does not create energy. It changes mechanical energy into electrical energy. Every generator must be driven by something that produces mechanical energy and uses fuel or another type of energy such as wind or flowing water.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.217134
Retrieved Text: Frits Popma spent 30 years flying all over the world. Fifty-four Customs authorities have stamped his passport. During his travels, he visited nearly 180 different ripening plants. “I have a lot of respect for ripeners,” he says. “Because according to other people, they never do it right.” During his travels, he sometimes ended up in weird situations. He talks about his experiences, but also looks ahead to the future.
Plenty is still to be done closer to home in Europe as well. “Everyone has their own methods, but if you’re doing it right, you’ll make weekly schedules. I sometimes visit ripening plants where they have to look into each ripening cell to see if bananas of a certain colour are available.” He sees room for improvement in that regard. Besides, when the market is doing well, all bananas are yellow, but when the market is disappointing, those same bananas are suddenly too yellow. “It’s difficult to make everyone speak the same language within the sector,” Frits says.
To avoid the rising price of cardboard, the sector could decide to choose crates, something Frits researched with Willem Kokkeel some years ago. The benefit of crates is that they should save energy. Because air circulation is better, up to 30 per cent less energy is used during ripening. “That’s massive, but it’s not really getting through to people yet, because there are a few bottlenecks,” Frits says. Perhaps the smallest challenge: the crates are used as side tables in countries such as India, China and Indonesia, instead of being used

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.072842
Retrieved Text: Acoustics is the study of sound and its behavior in any medium, be it air, water, or even something solid. When objects vibrate, they create pressure waves that alternately compress and decompress molecules as the wave travels through the medium. Sound waves radiate in all directions away from the source, for example, ripples on the surface of a pond.
Sound waves are typically described by two basic components: Amplitude and Frequency.
Amplitude describes the “loudness” or amount of energy that is in the waves.
Frequency is the number of times a single wave passes through a reference point. The more often the waves passing by, the higher the frequency. Frequency is a critical in Acoustic Larvicide©. Using the correct frequency leads to an effect called “resonance”. Matching the resonant frequency of a material means that energy can be built up to a greater extent.
For example, a swing set at the park uses the principles of resonance to reach its heights. Energy is stored up gradually as the legs are swung at the resonance of the swing set. Resonance is also the effect used to break a wine glass using only sound. When resonance is achieved, it can be a powerful tool.
Every mosquito contains small amounts of air in the dorsal tracheal trunk. These air bubbles come in various sizes depending on the species of the mosquito.
The objective of Acoustic Larvicide© is to sweep through a range of frequencies that will resonate with the air bubbles. The air absorbs this energy and starts to vibrate and ruptures the membrane of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.06088
Retrieved Text: liabilities & assets: how (not) to love a girl who travels.
See, it’s cool to love a girl who travels until you realize she might not ever stop looking for flights. It’s cool to love a girl who travels until her adventures are taking her everywhere except to you. It’s cool to love a girl who travels until picking her up from the airport becomes more like a chore than something to get excited about.
My childhood was filled with trips so wandering has been a part of my life, my energy, my aesthetic for as long as I can remember. Wandering. A wanderer is who I am.
Only I don’t wander aimlessly and everywhere I go has a purpose. Each trip carefully designed to bring me closer to myself, the world, love, God – you.
As a kid it was cool. Teen, unique. In college it was awe-inspiring. As a young adult, people still ask me, where are you going next? And it used to be that I’d proudly proclaim my next city or country, only now I’ve realized that at a certain point, people expect the wandering to stop, the restlessness to fade away, and for settling down in one place/city/space to become a priority.
I know he did. They do.
Want you to be around. Able to have tabs kept on. To occupy a space that “makes sense” which more often than not just means a mold fashioned for you that doesn’t fit. Because now, the very thing they fell in love with, your free spirit and wild heart,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.917114
Retrieved Text: The nature of the business for hotels and resorts is one of a lot energy consumption and waste. Recently, hotels and travel partners have made great strides in reducing both energy consumption and waste, but not many know of the options they have regarding wind power for hotels. Hotels, motels, and resorts all have large energy demands and these demands can be off set by placing an EcoVert™ Wind Power Turbine on the operations’ grounds. Either in the parking lot or more prominently placed, The EcoVert can set a hotel apart from their competition.
Some leave their room lights and air conditioning on and others use every towel they can get their hands on, but more and more of hotel consumers are concerned about their footprint on this planet. In fact, many travelers are using Green Hotel search sites like GreenHotelWorld.com to book their travels. Being Green and doing an individual’s part on vacation or business is important to many.
So why The EcoVert and not another turbine or solar panel?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.904366
Retrieved Text: I really enjoyed this book! Having recently moved from a single family house that was poorly insulated into a smaller high rise, where you never even need to turn on the heat, it made a lot of sense to me. However, my moving here displaced someone else, so were there really any gains in sustainability? I've lived in NYC and Boston, both cities rank high on the green index, with NYC using the least amount of energy per capita. As energy prices rise, green building is going to be more affordable and desirable. As the author points out though, it is difficult to really be able to tell how much energy is being used to produce a certain product. Especially where food is concerned. People talk about buying locally, but a truckload of berries that travels across the country may be more efficient than driving 10 miles to a local farm stand.
Definitely recommended for ecologically minded readers!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.866425
Retrieved Text: I received my yoga teacher’s certification from the Shri Kali Ashram in Goa, India in 2011. I have since been practicing and teaching Tantra Yoga in Beirut and wherever I go in my travels around the world. I have been teaching children and adults of various ages, and I enjoy teaching yoga in creative ways. I am also a musician who plays drums and rhythm; I explore sound therapy, and I use music during my classes to guide. I also hold a Masters Level Certificate in Reiki. I studied Graphic Design in LAU, Beirut, and I enjoy photography, and love to travel.
I was there right in the middle of the transition from the old ashram to the new location, and saw all the transition! I see how it has moved forward and grown with the many pictures I have seen on facebook! It is really impressive. I have also sent one of my students there recently, and she had the time of her life… OF COURSE :D. I would just like to share that I have missed this family very much, and all the great energy of the space, the people, and the teaching!
Since coming to Shri Kali, I have fallen even deeper in love with Yoga, in general, and in this particular series too. It was exactly what I was looking for, a tool and a guide that helped me go deeper into my inner world, and allowed me to expand my consciousness on many levels. I have been teaching since then, and have received

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.775297
Retrieved Text: Hey guys! Anna Lengstrand sent us these amazing shots from Northern Alberta, Canada where she spent her holidays. Anna told us that when they were outside adventuring, it was so cold that the camera would shut down, but she was luckily able to catch some truly awesome snow scenes as she embarked on a snowshoe adventure down Bear Creek. Check them out below!
Freedom, sunrises, spontaneity, Redwood, craft beer, beach walks, love, simplicity, adventure, rain, sunsets, nights in the van, smiles, paddling, sea lions, stars, picnics, cuddles, new places. Love and adventure. Departure into unknown land. I’m very thankful that we got to do this road trip from Canada to Northern California before winter hit us. I’ve felt very trapped the last few years. Stuck in one place fighting with immigrant issues and visas. So driving down South meant a lot this time: the right to freedom. It’s tough to go from a lifestyle full of world travels and adventures, to a place where you put all your time and energy into something completely different: the right to STAY where you are. I’ve learn so much about myself during these years of fighting, and I appreciate the small things in life even more now. This trip is the first time I allow myself to just breathe. Completely relax again. I’m almost there now. I just have to keep trusting the process. Enjoy the journey. Grow. Let myself be lost in new places together with my favorite person who gives me so much happiness, inspiration and strength. I’m

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.580856
Retrieved Text: Looking at that it could have been a lot worse for Weymouth but also a lot better!
just off to the Christening. Can't wait to be a Godparent again !
Will they be on the site soon?
This site is about my travels, trials and tribulations... and it is also as advert for my books Stay tuned.
Not really surprised. He was never fit in his first spell.
Any UCL'ers out there in Fans Focus land?
This happens to me at work... must be something to do with their corporate fire wall or something.
Words of wisdom from Dubbya.
Jimmythecuckoo replied to AFF's topic in General Conversation - The Pub!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.432737
Retrieved Text: Thinking Out Loud: How did I get here?
Every once in a while I have one of those days that I look back and wonder ‘How did I get here?’.
I know which schools I went to. But quite frankly, for the most part I remember the energy of the experience a lot better than my teachers and classmates.
That in itself, I don’t think of as something negative ~ or positive. It is just something that fails to connect in my memory.
Looking back at those long gone days (and comparing how my Mom can remember pretty much all of her classmates, as opposed to me...) I can’t help but wondering whether it has something to do with the sense I have always had of ‘not fitting in’, of being the ‘odd one out’; being there, partaking in the activities and yet at the same time being separate from it.
Especially then I had trouble relating to life in general in the same way everybody around me seemed to do so naturally. And they didn’t understand me, just as I didn’t comprehend what they were about.
And life goes on. I gained understanding of the world around me, I learned to tune into the people I met enough to know where they were coming from. That way I could connect with them and relate to their perspectives.
Yet even remembering all my travels; I can clearly see all the places I have been. But then I have no clue as to when I was there exactly, and the faces of the people

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.418945
Retrieved Text: Said to be ideal for long travels, the new products form part of igus’ growing modular system for all types of movement, which provide cost-effective and simple solutions for all energy supply.
The new 3500R e-chain series, which is based on the proven two-piece energy chain family E2/000, enables long travels of up to 150m at speeds of up to 4m/s with low additional loads to be achieved cost-effectively. It is particularly suitable for applications where travel is too long for a pure sliding application, and where a robust P4 roller energy chain is over-dimensioned due its weight.
The low friction roller system safely drives energy cables and is said to be especially energy-efficient compared to sliding solutions, achieving travels more economically. Further advantages include high levels of safety, durability and abrasion resistance, combined with low noise levels.
The easy-to-install energy chain can be opened from the external radius and is adjustable to suit any horizontal application thanks to its modular interior separation. The modular design of the roller chain link allows the use of all widths of the standard 3500 series, from 50 to 250mm. All 3500R series energy chains are part of the comprehensive modular system and are therefore delivered from stock.
The 3500R energy chain series can also be safely guided in igus’ new guidelite system, a modular plastic guiding profile. Quick to install, it is economic, corrosion-resistant and lightweight.
The system is designed for slow applications with low cycle numbers and can withstand harsh conditions with its weather resistance, resistance to dirt and high impact strength at

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.394249
Retrieved Text: In the past 2 years I have had 3 surgeries. It looks like I may have 2 more on the left shoulder, left elbow, and right knee.
I have put on a lot of weight. I'm 5ft 8 and weigh over 250. I do have enormous bones.
I'd love to lose weight and get down to 200 lbs. and be solid. In high school I was a gymnast and well built.
I work pretty much around the clock. This is tough on a 43 year old man with injuries. I have done a lot of damage to my body from work.
I'd like to find something that will give me drive, energy, stamina, and strength.
I'd also like to find something that will help repair my body as well.
You're heading towards the morbidly obese zone!
You may not have entered the room yet, but the door is open, and you're awfully close to walking in.
You say the damage done to your body came from work, but I have another theory.
Your aches and pains are coming from the 75 pounds of extra baggage you walk around with every day of the week.
That 75 or so pounds of body fat that travels with you wherever you go.
The protective cartilage around your knees take on the brunt of this assault.
For proof of this fact, think how often you've seen a severely overweight person walking around with a cane, and a serious limp.
The condition that causes all of this is called osteoarthritis, and the obese suffer from it at an alarming rate.
This occurs, because heavy people

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.368498
Retrieved Text: Today my blog is celebrating two years and thousands of written words, hundreds of moments caught in forever in photos and a lot of incredible adventures. 🙂 Although sometimes due to my regular job I don’t pay as much attention to Marshmallow Travels as I’d wished, it always makes me happy to record and share my travels, wanderlust and travel advice with all you. So thank you for reading and accompanying me on this journey.
Last year, my blog got a birthday card, this year, to mark the anniversary, I wanted to give all you a chance to get a gift for Marshmallow Travels’ birthday. So I teamed up with Assistance CORIS and prepared a lovely giveaway on Facebook! To four of you we will give a very useful travel package, that will save you on a rainy travel days. In the package you will find a waterproof phone case (that can also storage your money), a rain coat and, if you still get wet, a cute T-shirt to change into something dry. And the giveaway is international! So head to my Facebook page and enter for a chance to win a travel package.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.354733
Retrieved Text: In my opinion, there is nothing better than world travel. International travel has been my passion since I was very young. You see, my parents were both diplomats . As such, I grew up in a very cosmopolitan environment. Sometimes, it was a lot of pressure. I always had to keep up appearances, and I was always competing with some very sophisticated kids. Nonetheless, my global travels really worked to make me a better citizen of the world. Nowadays, I have quite the international outlook. I can tell you the best restaurants in a dozen major metropolises all over the world. I could explain the political situation in practically any country on Earth. The Internet has helped a little bit as have libraries, but most of the credit goes to my global travels. All this was made possible with last minute travel.
A lot of people think that you need a lot of money to do world travel, but this is not the case. Particularly if you come from an English speaking country, you can actually do global travel while spending very little money. There are so many places where they urgently need English teachers, you see, that there is no reason to save up before you start your global travels. It is easy with last minute vacations. All you really need money for is airlines tickets. Finding cheap international flights can save you a lot of money. Finding a hotel package once you get there, or staying in a hostel, is also crucial if you’re traveling

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.331766
Retrieved Text: i still haven't come up with something clever for this space.
Originally was going to use for our occasional travels outside the US. Now with us having spent three years in Asuncion, Paraguay and currently in Bogota, should be a lot more active.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading through this blog. Thanks!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.310595
Retrieved Text: I am going to tell you how a battery uses electrical energy when it is charging.
To charge a battery you have to have an outlet, for example a phone or any electronic.
The outlet has electricity in it so when you charge your battery you plug your plug in, into the outlet. The electricity travels through the plug in to the wire, then it travels to the battery, after it travels through the battery the battery uses electricity to get chemical energy and the chemical energy make the battery full so it can work!
Be Good For Your Sub.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.28421
Retrieved Text: Donna, the owner of Travels By Donna, has been in the travel industry for more than 30 years. She opened Travels By Donna in 1984 in the Columbus Historic District.
Donna has always been a people person, so the travel industry is the perfect fit for her. She loves talking to people, helping them with their travel plans.
She’s on call almost 24/7, though she’d prefer you call to plan your trip during the usual business hours of 9 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Monday-Friday.
A lot of people think they can book a trip online and they do. But what if something goes wrong? The clients are on their own.
If Donna or any of her agents book the trip and something does go wrong, Travels By Donna can help fix it.
And if you think the Internet has killed the travel agency profession, you are wrong. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics says there is a need for travel agents.
With her experience in the travel industry, Donna can help you with any trip. From a simple trip back to your hometown to see your parents to a more exotic trip on an African photo safari or a walk on the Great Wall of China, Donna can plan it.
And all you need to do is book with her a few times and you’ll feel like part of the Travels By Donna family.
Donna is a Certified Travel Consultant (CTC), Delta Diamond Agent, has been awarded numerous travel certificates and featured in many news articles about travel. She has also been awarded the readers choice

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.219461
Retrieved Text: Throughout our history, many of our greatest scientific progresses have come from what are called, thought-experiments. Now, I, being extremely thoughtful like all the time, participate in a lot of thought experiments that may or may not have bearing on the world at all, but it's really fun to think about the world differently than what we perceive it to be. So, i think I should partake in a thought experiment with all of you guys, just see what happens.
Okay, a photon is a particle of light that is derived off of a reaction from an atom. This can be many things, but for this case say the Sun makes a photon. This photon moves in a predictable wave that travels at a high speed in a straight line until pushed or pulled by a force or reflected off of an opaque surface. Say this photon does not get reflected and it goes out into the universe forever and ever, unstopped.
3. the proton collapses on itself causing a giant reaction, possibly making more protons in a chain reaction, sparking the question, where did the protons come from?
if light stopped moving, would it esist?
do you keep meaning to say photon and not proton?
If I understand entrophy correctly, and I don't claim to, then the photon would not surive the excelleration process. Thus it would be completely obliterated and it's energy nullified.
As I understand it we are talking about a proton, and flat out, if no other force acts on that proton it will continue on forever and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.214941
Retrieved Text: Given the pace of modern life and how hard we work it is understandable that many of us want to make the most of our travels. People go on vacation for various reasons; some want nothing more than to relax by a pool or on a beach, while others want to be on the move and sightsee. Whatever you want to do on your travels, it makes sense to prepare, and this means getting fit for your travels.
You may not think that lazing on a sun-lounger requires a good level of fitness, but if you are going to do very little on your break, you want to be in good shape before you go. Conversely, if you are looking to enjoy an all-action trip or you plan on walking around tourist attractions, you want to be in peak condition. Activities such as climbing stairs at your hotel, carrying your luggage, or enjoying a dance late at night will place your body under pressure that it is not used to, so take the time to improve your health.
Have an aim or goal in mind (and be realistic).
Break down the aim or goal into smaller steps.
If you have a bad day, forget about it and start again.
See if friends or family members want to join you in your new regime.
Enjoy yourself and look forward to the vacation.
When it comes to health and fitness, the two key areas where you can make a difference are based on eating and exercise.
A lot of people tend to diet or eat healthier

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.168497
Retrieved Text: ADVANTAGES OF REIKI HEALING SESSIONS. The Reiki healing sessions are also known as the reiki treatments. This is a session whereby the body, spirit, and mind receive universal energy that is used for building, repairing and strengthening the body. During that moment you are supposed to be doing nothing other than laying back and enjoying the relaxing energy. The Reiki healing sessions are peaceful sessions full of healing breaks from the often hectic pace of life. The Reiki healing sessions were formed by Mikao Usui and it is a spiritual practice which is a vibration of love and harmony of the universal energy. It uses powerful vibrations of unconditional love and harmony which is obtained from the universe while other healers use their own forces and energies. In addition to that, a Reiki healing session is something that you can give to friends, and family members and pets as well so that they can be at their best. Reiki is a universal energy can be used by all life including animals. Reiki is a universal energy and it goes where it is most needed like in the body, mind, and your spirit. This is a unique universal energy and it is well known because it travels to the cells centers and one is filled with balance and giving them harmony too. The the session is attended for days and one always feels good the following days after the session. If one have undergone a surgery they can use the healing treatment to unify the body, the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.165234
Retrieved Text: A photographer often dreams of traveling the world to document stories like our friend, food and culture photographer Penny De Los Santos. Geared up with a camera strapped to her shoulder, a seasoned passport and a heart open to seeing the world in front of her, she travels on magazine assignments making photographs of food, people and the culture that surrounds it.
Each documentary image shuttered from her camera and her heart embodies a sensibility that makes the food story come to life with fierce emotion and visceral beauty.
Penny shares snippets of her work and travels on her blog, but often times the reader is left hungry for more of her food stories and the amazing tapestry of individuals that she photographs.
To share more of her journey and what it’s like to be on assignment, Penny wanted to produce some videos to take her audience alongside her during her travels. When she approached us with this idea and the creative energy between us caught like wildfire. An immediate firestorm of inspiration, ideas, people, stories and locations were hashed out within minutes. And the the most obvious title for the project was “On Assignment with Penny”. Done.
This video series we produced together is “On Assignment with Penny”, which is an intimate and personal view into Penny’s travels, but most importantly, to celebrate her subjects and their powerful stories with you all.
Our vision is simple: Find special people and honor them and their stories through Penny’s amazing work and let you all join right along side her, on assignment.

================



======= Instance Index 1951 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are cooler it is or warmer it is ):

The surface is heated by the Sun and some of that heat radiates back into the air. This makes the temperature higher near the surface than at higher altitudes.


The closer to sea level that you get the cooler it is or warmer it is?

Target Text: warmer it is

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.187302
Retrieved Text: This body of water surrounds the northern portion of the island and runs in between the island and the mainland.
This large bay towards the south-east of the Island faces the mainland and Great Cumbrae.
This bay on the east side of the Island, with the island of Inchmarnock immediately west.
The largest loch on Bute. This majestic body of water is surrounded by breathtaking views.
Get to Scotland and get paddling!
Mike Martin is the man behind Arisaig Sae Kayak Centre a professionally run outfit that offers a number sea kayak activities and courses to get stuck into. Mike holds the highest level of sea leadership qualifications in addition to a number of Advanced water coaching certificates making him a fully qualified kayak coach in any sea state. The Arisaig coastlines is famed for its turquoise waters and white sand beaches, all of which you can admire from the comfort of a sturdy sea kayak.
If you’d rather take to the water a little closer to Bute then Phil from Sea Kayak Argyll & Bute is the man to see. Phil takes dozens of organised trips out all across the world each year, in addition to offering specialist training in a number of areas such as Rolling, Outdoor First Aid and Sea Survival. Of course, a man such as this is in much demand and, as a result, he often finds himself booked for months so it’s best to get in touch with him as much in advance as possible.
Oban is a must-visit tourist destination that should be on any visitor’s

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.521862
Retrieved Text: Protection against atherosclerosis is believed to be associated with .
have little effect on each other.
are two terms for the same condition.
are almost impossible to measure accurately.
the height of a place above sea level.
the difference between the highest and lowest point.
an area lifted by levees.
an area where the sea rises.
Misunderstanding the of the elevators issue will lead to the elevators being taken away.
Because of , temperatures become cooler as you go higher above sea level.
The closer a place is to the , the warmer it usually is.
Elevation is measured from sea level which is considered zero elevation.
As elevation increases, temperature .
What was the elevator made of?
She had an temperature and had to go to the doctor.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.204657
Retrieved Text: Marin County, with both ocean and bay shorelines, will get hit hard by sea level rise and climate change. Locals are already well-acquainted with flooding creeks, landslides, and low spots on the highway that morph into lakes. Steps to prepare for the extremes ahead will sound familiar, but with a climate change twist. Marin County’s public agencies are taking the lead on preparing for a flood-prone future. These involve assessing vulnerabilities along both coasts, launching platforms for community input, and getting creative about flood control. The latest forecasts for Marin’s 85,840-acre bay shoreline suggests a 4.7- to 24-inch rise in sea level by 2050 could flood 5,000 acres (8,000 when combined with a storm surge), impact 200,000+ residents and commuting employees, and threaten 4,500 homes, businesses, and institutions on the Marin shore. A sampling of some resources are below.
Small Group Decisionmaking Game: What Would You Save from a Flood?
Game of Floods challenges four to six participants to develop a vision for “Marin Island 2050,” a hypothetical landscape that highlights conditions that climate change will bring to Marin in coming years. Players wrestle with issues such as sea level rise and its increased storm impacts, which will cause the loss or deterioration of homes and businesses, community facilities and roads, agricultural lands and beaches, wetlands and lagoons.
Use smartphones and social media to document “king tides.” These highest of high tides today will be the average water levels of the future. Everyone is welcome to participate. Our shores are constantly being altered by human and natural processes; sea

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.054846
Retrieved Text: The following pages look at what sea level change is, and what mechanisms drive sea level change on a planetary scale.
Before we investigate these mechanisms further, let’s ask a couple of fundamental questions: What is sea level anyway? How is it measured...and why has it fluctuated during the course of geologic time? And why is it not even across the globe? As you watch the following quick video, make a list of forces mentioned that influence sea level. The video clip (3:25) was published on Nov. 25, 2013, by MinutePhysics.
Sea level seems like a pretty easy concept, right? You just measure the average level of the oceans and that's that. But what about parts of the Earth where there aren't oceans? For example, when we say that Mt. Everest is 8850m above sea level, how do we know what sea level would be beneath Mt. Everest, since there's no sea for hundreds of kilometers? If the Earth were flat, then things would be easy - we'd just draw a straight line through the average height of the oceans and be done with it. But the Earth isn't flat.
If the Earth were spherical, it would be easy, too, because we could just measure the average distance from the center of the Earth to the surface of the ocean. But the Earth isn't spherical - it's spinning, so bits closer to the equator are "thrown out" by centrifugal effects, and the poles get squashed in a bit.
In fact, the Earth is so non-spherical that it's 42km farther across

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.03882
Retrieved Text: The coast of California north of San Francisco is markedly different from the iconic southern California coast with its warm sunny beaches, palm trees, and intensive shoreline development. The topography and weather change as you cross the Golden Gate Bridge and steep coastal mountains replace the wide sandy beaches of Monterey Bay and southern California.
Scattered along the combined 255 miles of the mostly rugged coastlines of Mendocino, Sonoma and Marin counties are a handful of small towns and even smaller communities. Most of these have fewer than 1000 residents and some have less than 200. There is something unique about almost all of these towns – they are built on nearly flat, uplifted marine terraces that are common features along this coastline. Mendocino, Fort Bragg, Point Arena, Elk, Albion, Caspar, Inglenook and Westport are a few of these small communities. Without the flat terraces or benches, however, development would not have been possible and there wouldn’t have been a Highway One to allow people to drive along and experience this wild and scenic coast.
Marine terraces are common along the U.S. west coast, particularly California and Oregon, but they are also common along many of the coasts facing the Pacific Ocean: Mexico, Central and South America, New Zealand, New Guinea and Japan, for example. Some of these locations, such as the coast of northern California, may have just a single terrace, but others may have many more, like giant stair steps ascending the coastline. The Palos Verdes Peninsula near Los Angeles has 13 terraces and the offshore

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.770117
Retrieved Text: You will experience all these destinations with us by reserving the Wae Rebo trekking flores tour package from Butik Trip. Furthermore, you also have chance to enjoy wae rebo village tour.
Wae Rebo is a small and very out of the way village that now is popular to people for having Wae Rebo trip, very out of the way village. Located some 1,100 meters above sea level, where the air is cool and the village completely surrounded by panoramic mountains and the dense Todo forest. This tropical forest is rich in vegetation, where you will find orchids, different types of ferns and hear the chirping of many songbirds.
You may wonder to see the enormous blooming giant flower of Raflessia Arnoldii, we have tour package to Bengkulu. You could also get closer to the elephant at Seblat Elephant Conservation.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.715712
Retrieved Text: As the planet warms, the Arctic is warming more than twice as fast. As ice cover is disappearing, average summer sea ice has declined by more than a third since 1979. That's roughly equal to the entire area of the Western U.S.
This means more than rising sea levels and troubled polar bears. It is also shifting global trade routes and altering the balance of power between countries surrounding the Arctic. KQED's Brian Watt spoke about this with Fran Ulmer, chair of the United States Arctic Research Commission and a visiting professor at Stanford University.
Watt: You have been to the North Pole in the summertime, last summer, I understand. Am I correct?
Ulmer: Summer of 2017, I went to the North Pole on a Russian nuclear icebreaker, and the day we got to the North Pole, it rained, which was stunning to me, and also to the captain of the icebreaker, who had not seen that before. It was another reminder of how rapidly things are changing in the north.
Watt: What have you heard about the weather this winter?
Ulmer: This winter has been completely crazy, completely outside the bounds of what has been experienced before. Unfortunately, it has been extraordinarily warm, and we've lost a lot of sea ice, so on average, the temperature around the north over the last couple of weeks has been about 36 degrees above normal.
Watt: For people who live here in Northern California, how is this affecting them?
Ulmer: Sea level rise is important to the Bay Area, and you're already experiencing both sea

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.683002
Retrieved Text: Do you know the three major factors that increase your risk of developing skin cancer? The first is your skin type or how easily your skin is damaged by the sun, the second is where you live, and the third is what you do at work and when you relax.
Regions closer to the equator, higher in elevation and with many dry, sunny days increase the UV radiation exposure people receive each day. If you are in the mountains, you have even less protection as UV radiation increases by 5% for every 1000 feet above sea level. For example, at an altitude of 10,000 feet, UV is 50 percent more intense than at sea level.
Your work and recreational activities also have an effect on your skin cancer risk. People who work outdoors and/or spend time outside recreating increase their risk for skin cancer because of increased UV exposure. Other things you do can increase (tanning) or decrease (sun protection) your risk.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.597855
Retrieved Text: Microsoft and Rare have revealed the PC specifications for Sea of Thieves, which will cater to a surprising number of system configurations.
As the first of Microsoft’s big exclusives for the year, Sea of Thieves is not only bringing the pirate’s life to Xbox One but also to PC, and now those on PC can prepare for their high seas voyage with the game’s official system requirements.
Microsoft and Rare have revealed the PC system requirements and recommended specs for their upcoming Sea of Thieves ahead of its release in March, and overall PC players will find that the game will cater to a large variety of systems, depending on what level of performance you are looking to get out of the game. The two lone requirements across the board are that the game will need Windows 10 and DirectX 11 to run, but otherwise the game will be supported by a variety of different hardware sets.
The specs in question range from as low as 540p/30fps to as high as 4K/60fps, making the game a very flexible option for players that might have older or lower end machines, to players looking to max out the settings as possible. Microsoft and Rare provided six different spec buildouts you can find below, which should give you an idea of where your configuration might fall when running the game.
Sea of Thieves will release for Xbox One and PC on March 20th, 2018 – for a closer look at the specifications for the PC version of the game, you can check out

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.468075
Retrieved Text: Most wanted & expected fishing kayak for season 2014.
Are you ready new level of stability, comfort and versatility? Get closer to the new Lure.
Feelfree Kayaks is taking kayak fishing to a new level in stability, comfort and versatility with the new 2014 Lure. The kayak comes standard with a variety of unique features including a removable multi-level extra wide Gravity Seat, Feelfree’s wheel in the keel and Uni-Track system. The patent pending Feelfree Gravity Seat offers the widest range of seat heights which is adjusted with the simple function of a lever and is removable – the Feelfree Gravity Seat is the new high. The Lure’s super-stable 36” wide hull paired with a padded standing platform gives you the option to paddle or cast in either the sitting or standing position whether fishing inland waters or wide open oceans — this kayak fears no water.
The biggest fishing kayak in the FeelFree Lure range. Lure is a real all-round kayak - you will find the joy of fishing on lakes and sea areas.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.399244
Retrieved Text: Any sentence which includes the term “scientists say” – can normally be assumed to be completely fraudulent.
Ocasio-Cortez says that the world will end in 12 years but wants 100% renewable energy by 2035.
That 3rd link is the best and most reliable of the three.
I hope Scott Adams doesn’t mind me posting this one.
The Dilbert cartoon- Brillant!!! So timely too.
And as you have been told repeatedly 99.7% of the Greenland ice mass survived the 20th Century, and it survived massively warmer periods in the past too. It’s kms thick and at no significant risk except in fraud/fiction.
As usual, you are correct sir!
Calving only happens because of more snow.
As you have been told repeatedly, SMB covers the climate related part – accumulation vs. surface melt.
Calving rates are difficult to calculate correctly, and have little or nothing to do with the current climate.
… but you chose to remain IGNORANT so you can keep wetting your bed about Arctic ice problems.
Even a climate scientist should be able to make an accurate projection from that chart.
52% 97% consensus = science with as many plottholes as 97% of hollywoods science fiction movies,just less closer to reality.
“Scientist say” has become the new Simon says.
People afraid of melting greenland ice should just take a look at the sea level during that period when greenland got its name greenland and before it turned white again and killed the viking population.
That”s the sea level one can expect nowadays if greenland reaches its non-co2 related,non-existent tipping point.
Sea level rise has been nominal for a hundred years. Greenland’s

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.339592
Retrieved Text: The Dominican Republic is one of the few countries in the area that has nine distinct ecological zones. This natural diversity allows you to have an extraordinary diverse adventure on one beautiful island.
In the Caribbean, the Dominican Republic has the highest and lowest points above and below sea level. Duarte Peak rises 10,560 feet (3,187 meters) within the Cordillera Central Mountain chain, while Lake Enriquillo is 15 feet (42 meters) below sea level. That's why Lake Enriquillo has such a high salt content. From the upper reaches of the country to the low sweeping plains, the Dominican Republic has an incredibly diverse ecology. Nearly every form of nature can be seen here, from luscious tropic rain forests to arid deserts.
Each area offers multiple distinct activities. Areas like Jarabacoa and Constanza offer thrilling activities such as mountain climbing, hiking, horseback riding, and rafting. Visit Pedernales, Bahoruco, Bani, Azua or Barahona and you will discover untouched beaches, geological formations, lagoons, dunes and deserts. If you want get closer to the water, you can visit the northeast coast near Puerto Plata, cabarete and Samaná; here you can experience deep dives, windsurfing, kite boarding, jeep safaris, waterfalls and even humpback whales.
If you love nature, then you have probably already known about the flora and fauna in the Dominican Republic; the island is known for its rich variety of plant and animal life.
Dominican flora includes more than 5 thousand plants, many of which can't be found anywhere else in the world. These rare species are called endemic plants, and include the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.269346
Retrieved Text: French Kiss Divers offers training for every level, from beginner, with the Try Scuba program in pool and sea until Instructor level. We offer all the classic courses like Open Water, Advanced, Rescue, but also famous speciality like Nitrox, Deep or Wave,Tide and Current… Our Multilingual Instructor Team teach mainly with SSI (Scuba School International), which provide all their training materials in digital format, which makes it easier for learning with nowadays tools and to keep updated with the changes in the Industry.
Our PRO trainings are run by Wilfried HERVE, SSI Instructeur Certifier 26239 and CMAS course director. Our divemaster program lasts between 1 and 2 months depending on which option you’re choosing and our instructor course between 1 and 2 weeks, depending on your certification level when your start. We are accepting diver from all the RSTC like PADI, NAUI, RAID, CMAS, BSAC… to dive with us and to keep on going with their diving knowledge and education.
Try Scuba Diving is real introduction to the underwater world. This program will not just allow you to breath underwater, but also to move in a 3D environment, feeling weightless and being able to get closer to the underwater life. We start with few skills in the pool before taking to your first diver in the sea to see multicolor fish and corals, that will make this experience unforgettable. You only need to be 8 years old to give it a try.
The Open Water course is the most popular diving course in the world, and is the condition

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.045036
Retrieved Text: Closer to the sea than you can not! With the sun, clouds or rain it's a unique experience to have the sea in front of your eyes. Located in a privileged area on the Bouillabaisse beach in the Gulf of Saint Tropez, this delightful villa features a wonderful view and direct access to the sea. Eco of the sea is surrounded by a large garden and offers comfortable spaces to spend time with friends and family: private beach, sun loungers, shower, BBQ, covered and uncovered deck deck, dining table for your lunches and dinners, Angoli relax ..
Located on one level, the living area with a double-sided fireplace, the verandah dining room and the modern kitchen with wine cellar and ice maker, overlook a large sandy beach equipped with sea loungers. Step down two steps you will be on your private sandy beach! There is a small bathroom in the living area available for you and your guests.
The sleeping area consists of a large bedroom with King size bed, Smart Tv, private bathroom with shower both with sea view and direct deck access, and walk-in closet. The second bedroom also with King size bed always has a private bathroom with shower, wardrobe and TV. A third bedroom with sea view, Queen size bed and private bathroom with shower, is located in the garden with independent access.
The terrace overlooking the scenery, where you can admire stunning sunsets and stunning yachts in the dunes, is equipped with a dining table where you can dine and dine with an unsurpassed

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.00482
Retrieved Text: North sea commission, Assen, 15 June 2015 - Meet the Challenge!
You are cordially invited to join the Maritime Spatial Planning Challenge 2050 'North Sea edition' at the North Sea Commission pre conference, Monday 15 June 2015, Assen, the Netherlands.
Cross-border Maritime Spatial Planning is a specific challenge. The planning of the countries involved is often not harmonized and conflicting interests can be played out in different arenas. The European directive for maritime spatial planning demands closer international cooperation in planning and to incorporate land-sea interaction in MSP. One major challenge is how to deal with ecological cumulative effects. The Maritime Spatial Planning Challenge 2050 uses a simplified food web model, which gives players direct feedback of their performances.
3 C’s: improving cross border communication, cooperation and coordination in a game setting without any real life political consequences.
Receive more understanding on the level of complexity of Maritime Spatial Planning and the relations between economic functions and the ecosystem.
Receive reflections on some key issues regarding Maritime Spatial Planning, such as cumulative ecological effects.
Visualize your plans and ideas about the Greater North Sea in an amazing 3-D world developed by the development team.
And of course, plenty of social interaction with your international counterparts on Maritime Spatial Planning helping us to find pathways to the future.
Fill out the registration form below AND / OR send an email to xander.keijser@rws.nl / i.s.mayer@hotmail.com. We'll get back to you a.s.a.p.
Flying in from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, take the train from to Assen station (circa 2 hours). The venue is in the city center of Assen and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.959867
Retrieved Text: An aquaduct recently uncovered that went from Mt. Carmel 13 miles to Caesarea on the Mediteranean Sea.
A closer view. Caesarea is on the west coast of Israel, north of Tel Aviv.
This is the view from the top of Masada, a mountain fortress built by Herod. Almost 1000 Jews held out here for nearly three years against 12 legions of Roman soldiers (10,000 men) after Jerusalem fell in 70 AD. Here you can see the (square shaped) excavation of the camp of one of the 12 legions of Roman soldiers. Masada is southeast of Jerusalem, near the Dead Sea.
This is the view down the side of the mountain, overlooking Herod's three-level palace. You can see another Roman camp below.
These are some huge rocks catapulted up by the Romans. They finally captured Masada by using slaves to build a ramp up the side of the mountain. The ramp took 18 months to build. Since the mountain is almost 1000 feet straight up, they couldn't climb it any other way.
Here I am floating in the Dead Sea. The mineral content of the water is so high that you can't sink even if you try!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.940594
Retrieved Text: Rahmstorf (2011): Robust or Just Busted (Part 7): The Irony of Jevrejeva’s Data.
This is part 7 of a multi-part series about “Testing the robustness of semi-empirical sea level projections,” Rahmstorf, et. al., Climate Dynamics, 2011. You can see an index of all parts here. I frequently refer to this paper as R2011.
Let’s talk a little more about the irony of using the Jevrejeva’s 2008 sea level data, which I will refer to as JE08, to confirm Rahmstorf’s sea level projections for the 21st century.
As I have already explained, Rahmstorf claims in his 2011 paper (which I will refer to as R2011), that his model is “robust,” meaning that variations of historical 20th century input sea level data yield essentially the same sea level rise projections for the 21st century. R2011 graphically presents seven sources of sea level data (while ignoring others) and implies their similarity by overlaying the same quadratic fit for all of them. R2011 leads us to believe that the model is robust with, specifically, the input of these various sea level data sets.
R2011 presents the results of the model using only three of the seven sea level rise inputs. Two of the three are by the same authors, Church and White, who clearly believe their later version of the sea level data (CW11) is an improvement over their earlier version (CW06). Then, R2011 cynically rejects the model results from Church’s and White’s better set of data because those results testify against R2011’s desired conclusion of extremely high sea level rises for the 21st

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.889816
Retrieved Text: The real estate data firm Zillow recently published a research analysis that estimated rising sea levels could leave nearly 2 million U.S. homes inundated by 2100, a fate that would displace millions of people and result in property losses in the hundreds of billions of dollars.
More than 100,000 of those homes would be in Maryland and Virginia, according to the analysis. Another 140,000 would be submerged in the Carolinas. And Florida would face the gravest scenario of any state, with one in eight properties in danger of being underwater.
For the moment, let’s leave aside the larger debate about how much the water actually will rise. Zillow’s worst-case scenario is based on a study The Washington Post wrote about earlier this year, in which scientists projected that sea levels could be six feet higher by the end of this century — nearly twice as much as previously predicted — if carbon dioxide emissions continue unabated. Sharp cuts in greenhouse gas emissions in coming decades could lessen the impact, however, leaving the increase closer to two feet. And constructed barriers and flood-prevention efforts would help minimize the risk in some areas.
Yet there’s near-unanimous agreement among scientists that the seas will rise. Insurance companies are anticipating it. Some cities are already planning for it.
Back to the Zillow report. The company used maps released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to determine what coastal areas would be inundated. The firm then used its nationwide database to determine which properties were most at risk of being flooded — at least

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.86176
Retrieved Text: Warm February Following Near Record January… And Why Does It Get Colder As You Go Higher?
After finishing the second warmest January on record, it looks like February is on track to follow suit. A strong ridge of high pressure will stay firmly planted across the west coast keeping our skies mostly clear and our temperatures up in the 60s…not quite record levels, but pretty toasty all the same. The clear skies will allow overnight lows to drop to near the freezing mark through the end of next week. The only possible bump could be late next week as a low pressure center could drop back in from the northeast, but unless it cuts back farther to the west than the models are presently showing, all it will do for us is cool us down a bit.
Why is it colder higher up in the atmosphere? We are, after all, closer to the sun up there. But the difference in the distance is so minute (the top of Mt. Everest is about .000005% closer to the sun than sea level), that it becomes a non-factor. But thermodynamics play a much bigger role. The air pressure drops as you gain altitude. The laws of physics demand that if you reduce the pressure of a gas, it will cool. In a dry (and mixed… we’ll ignore inversions for now) atmosphere, the air will cool approximately five degrees F for every 1,000 feet of altitude gain. In a saturated (inside clouds) atmosphere, the rate drops to about three degrees per thousand

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.818747
Retrieved Text: For an increasing number of communities around the country, sea level rise is not a problem for future generations. It is an immediate threat.
In some cases, the rapid rate at which the shoreline recedes makes relocation the only option.
The town of Shishmaref is one such example, having voted to relocate back in 2002. A small community of roughly 600 Alaska Native Inupiaq people, Shishmaref is located on a quarter mile wide barrier island at the edge of the Chukchi Sea. The town has an air-strip, a school, a general store, a post office, a landfill, and several rows of pre-fabricated houses. The rest is sand, and increasingly, surf.
The town of Shishmaref, Alaska, has voted to relocate to avoid sea level rise. (Image Credit: Bering Land Bridge National Preserve).
The Inupiaq villagers and their ancestors have inhabited Shishmaref for centuries, subsisting off seals, walruses, and other wildlife. The hunter-gathering lifestyle they maintain is one of the cultural treasures that villagers fear may be lost if the community relocates.
Even so, the pounding surf is a pressing reminder that staying put is not a viable option.
Climate change in the Arctic has already led to permafrost thawing, increased coastal exposure due to melting sea ice, and sea level rise. These changes have pushed the shoreline up to nine feet closer to the town each year. Several houses have already toppled into the surf.
Following the 2002 referendum, in which the town voted 161 to 20 in favor of moving, Shishmaref pushed forward with plans for relocation. They identified suitable sites for a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.688026
Retrieved Text: This is a scenic hiking adventure with glacier and fjord view in the Jostedalsbreen National Park. Glacier walking on Supphellebreen Glacier can be included on request (additional cost).
The hike starts at the floor of Supphelledalen Valley, about 30 metres above sea level. The well made path goes through lush forest, over glacial meltwater streams and towards the southernmost outlet glacier from Jostedalsbreen; Supphellebreen Glacier, about1000 metres above sea level. Here we can walk different paths leading closer to the glacier, before we head back to the valley. The total hike distance is approximately 7-8 kilometers and the path is partly on rocks and sometimes steep.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.684383
Retrieved Text: Marshes also represent the interface between aquatic and terrestrial systems. Watching a high tide temporarily swallow up a marsh you feel amazed at how many different species have evolved to live in an environment that is not fully terrestrial or aquatic, and it reminds you the delicate balance that must occur for marshes to persist through time. Persistence of a marsh is a balancing act between inputs which increase marsh elevation and keep it partially dry (accretion, organic matter inputs, tectonic uplift) and processes that decrease marsh elevation (erosion, compaction, and subsidence) relative to sea level. The magnitude of these effects can be measured in millimeters a year. If processes that increase marsh elevation outpace those that decrease it, marshes transition into uplands. If processes that decrease marsh elevation outpace marsh inputs, then a marsh can transition to mudflat. The graphic below illustrates the key processes that effect marsh elevation and persistence: accretion, organic matter input, tectonic uplift, erosion, compaction, subsidence and sea-level rise.
If you are one of the many people who lives near the coast you likely live closer to a marsh then realize. So next time you are aching for a dose of natural beauty and wildlife look no further then your closest marsh. As look out across it remember the intricate dance that is ongoing to maintain that beautiful habitat, and the centuries or millennia of tiny changes of only millimeters per year that have resulted its unique natural history.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.579443
Retrieved Text: The average depth of the oceans is ~3000 metres. It would seem that the water budget of an Earth-like planet is rather contingent. Venus is significantly closer to the Sun than the Earth. Did it lose its water or never have it. Mars still has some vestigial water. But could they have had more. Could the Earth have had more? Could it just as easily have ten times as much water or a tenth?
Ten times, to first approximation gives an average depth of 30,000 metres, so no islands at all. How common are pue water worlds of this kinds? Would they have ice caps? (I'd guess not.) Doubling the amount of water would raise the sea level by 3000 metres. That would still make Mount Everest a substantial mountain at a height of about 5700 metres above sea level, but what percentage of the world would be dry land? I am sure I have talked before about my wish to see an atlas of the Earth with different sea levels, both higher and lower than at present. I'd guess that there wouldn't be that great a percentage above the raised sea level. The Tibetan Plateau though has an average height of ~4500 metres, so would be well about the sea level and is three times the size of metropolitan France. That would presumably be the largest island-continent. The whole of Australia would be submerged and even most of Antarctica, despite it being the highest continent on average. There might be a fair-sized island in South America.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.577003
Retrieved Text: That is the conclusion of an international team of researchers lead by Dr. Jochen Hinkel from the Global Climate Forum (GCF) in Berlin and addressed in a paper published today in the journal Nature Climate Change.
“Sea-levels may rise substantially above 1 or even 2 meters during the 21stcentury,” explains Dr. Hinkel, and hence an important question is, to what extent are coastal societies able to adapt.
Dr. Hinkel and his team had a closer look in a set of case studies, including Bangladesh, Catalonia, Ho Chi Minh City, The Maldives, New York City and The Netherlands, and found that the ability of coastal societies to adapt is mainly determined by social rather than technical challenges.
Generally, engineering technology is available worldwide for protecting coastal societies even against 2 meters of sea-level rise. For densely populated coastal areas and cities this is even economically favourable: protection is much cheaper than doing nothing and suffering damages through coastal floods.
What makes coastal adaptation difficult is the lack of access to finance and conflicts of interests amongst the diverse users of the coastal zone. For example, in Bangladesh, Ho Chi Minh City and New York City it is difficult to mobilize sufficient financial resources for adaptation, even though adaptation is economically favourable. Furthermore, in many cases, the team found conflicts between coastal communities receiving public support for adaptation and those paying for this through taxes.
“The core challenge concerning adaptation to sea-level rise is not whether we can technically adapt, but rather how much this will cost, whether societies are willing to finance

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.567457
Retrieved Text: Our ride to Mount Teide has become an iconic ´must do´ ride in the past few years and our approach from the west side is our most popular! At your start point at Los Paleos, you´ll enjoy spectacular views of the Teno mountain range and the neighbouring islands of La Gomera and La Palma as you ride ever closer to the great mountain!
The next stop is Boca Tauce where you have the chance to get up close to the majestic volcano that last erupted over 100 years ago! From here we´ll ride some extra kilometres in to the crater to marvel at the mountain from a different perspective-it´s a unique experience riding at over 2000 metres above sea level. Your excellent electric mountain bike will power you up to the highest road in Tenerife-the base of the cable car at over 2300 metres!
Following a climb back out of the carter, we´ll regroup at Retamar and prepare for our 25 kilometre decent where a typical Canarian lunch awaits at our café in San Miguel where we can share our experiences of a truly special day!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.490486
Retrieved Text: Read ancient texts as they were originally written centuries ago and deepen your understanding of the Bible, the Holy Scriptures, and biblical history.
Biblical Hebrew is a set of 5 courses, levels 1-5, in which you will learn to master the Hebrew alphabet and biblical syntax, and will become familiar with translation decisions that have been made over the ages, understanding how they have affected the meaning of the original biblical texts.
Rediscover the Bible and gain a deeper and more profound understanding of the Holy Scriptures. Read the Hebrew Bible in its original language and uncover hidden secrets that have been lost for centuries.
Be closer than ever to the holy scriptures as they were originally written and take a closer look at the true meaning behind each word and biblical story.
Take your biblical studies to a whole new level by advancing your Biblical Hebrew skills. Study ancient texts in their original languages and learn to interpret them on your own.
Get acquainted with biblical poetry, prophecies, and wisdom literature that hold ancient secrets for you to uncover together. Read the Book of Psalms, Proverbs, and more as they were written many centuries ago.
Learn all about the history of Biblical Hebrew and how it changed throughout different periods. Discover the Dead Sea Scrolls and extra-Biblical literature and view them in an entirely different light.
"I can only say I'm enjoying it immensely!"
Biblical Greek is a two-level course through which you will learn to master Greek letters and ancient Greek syntax, and learn how translations over the centuries have changed the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.453398
Retrieved Text: When you want to have a family gathering or a vacation with family and you choose to stay in a bungalow near the beach, you are definitely seeking for some different situation and feeling. That’s why you need to choose the right bungalow that is different with your house in the city. A classic one storey L shaped Bungalow for sea views can be the right choice to get closer with your family and get to know better with your big family, or a bungalow that is more modern can also be a good choice. There are a lot of L shaped bungalow that are available, but choosing one that can directly let you have the view of the sea is not only romantic, but also refreshing. Exterior Design.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.42327
Retrieved Text: our resort in, maldives. I couldnt stop making photos as there were stunning views in every corner of the island. Get ready for pure indulgence: cool, contemporary spaces, stylish interiors, and beautiful beaches. A half mile private sandy beach and a turquoise lagoon frame the hotel. With an average ground level.5m above sea level, the Maldives is by far the lowest country on earth and as such has a very fragile ecosystem.
If you take a closer look at the ocean, youll see marine life everywhere! When you see those views, you will want to stay there forever! Loading, alifu Alifu Atoll, ari Atholhu Uthuruburi, alifu Dhaalu Atoll. Here at The Sun Siyam Iru Fushi, the days are long and sun-filled, while the nights are exciting and energetic the perfect recipe for a luxury family holiday in the Maldives. The shallow water enclosed by the house reef also serves as a large natural swimming pool and protects swimmers from the ocean waves and strong tidal currents outside the house reef. This is Maldives, one of the most amazing paradises on Earth. More than 90 of the country is under the sea. Due to its luxuriant vegetation and privacy, everybody can fall in an untouched nature, loss of innocence essay introduction living the genuine and natural Maldives with all modern accommodation facilities. Temperature: 30C all year round Sea temperature: 22C to 28C Languages in Maldives The locals speak Dhivehi, with English widely spoken in areas frequented by tourists. Dont forget to learn about Maldives rich culture. Notably, the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.419432
Retrieved Text: NanaWall Systems provides a sleek, folding, glass wall system that's seen in a lot of green homes that we mention (for example, see this Sunset Breezehouse). A homeowner may purchase a NanaWall for any number of reasons, whether to blur indoor and outdoor spaces, provide views, or draw natural light into interior spaces. Now, though, all this can be done with greater efficiency using NanaWall's new SL70 with triple glazing system.
The system is pictured above in a glass pavilion at the Bavarian Zugspitzbahn Bergbahn, a ski resort in the Alps over 8,000 feet above sea level. The pavilion features 46 door and window panels of the triple glazed SL70 system.
If you're interested in specifics, the product has an NFRC certified U-value of .30 and a solar heat gain coefficient of .24. Moreover, it meets Energy Star requirements for all areas of the U.S. and areas A and B of Canada.
Ebrahim Nana, president of NanaWall Systems, in a press release, proudly declared that Nanawall Systems is the first folding door company to provide triple glaing. The product is available for architectural openings from 3-36 feet wide using anywhere from 1-12 panels.
[+] Get more information on NanaWall Systems.
Very cool but can’t wait to see what it costs!
Specs seem a bit out of whack? It would be nice to see U-values closer to 0.20 and SHGC figures closer to 0.50 for this level of product. Germany has been producing similar door systems for about a decade. They seal airtight as well with special attention to the tracks they operate

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.405214
Retrieved Text: Are Cruise Ships Right for You?
Discover if a life at sea is right for you with our free quiz!
TAKE THE 2 MINUTE QUIZ!
For just $7 you can get started on your way to a life at sea today! Let’s dive in . . .
How the Heck to Get a Job on a Cruise Ship!
This guide will provide you with EVERYTHING you need to know regarding EXACTLY how to apply for your dream cruise ship job!
Why get a Resume Consult? Cruise Lines and associated agencies receive hundreds, if not thousands, of applications every single day. It goes without say that your Resume/CV needs to stand out! Book your FREE Discovery Call Now!
Let’s make sure that you stand out amongst the ‘SEA’ of resumes recruiters get each and every day and tailor your Cover Letter and Resume for your dream cruise ship job using cruise line specific terminology, titles and job descriptions. Book your FREE Discovery Call Now!
Take the FREE 'Are Cruise Ships Right For You' quiz!
Are You Sick of Treading Water and Not Getting Anywhere?
Let me throw you a lifeline and get you closer to your dream of working on a cruise ship! Take a peek at all my of FREE resources including; vlog posts, articles, videos and pictures regarding cruise ship employment, life at sea, and what cruise lines are REALLY looking for.

================



======= Instance Index 2568 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are boulders or sand ):

In erosion, a slower moving stream will only carry smaller particles.


A slow stream is capable of moving boulders or sand?

Target Text: sand

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.499702
Retrieved Text: This string shooter uses two wheels on motors to push a string forward while a tube guides the string back through the wheels, creating a constant loop that appears to defy gravity and demonstrates wave phenomena.
Related oscillation: His Slow Moving Waves in Rope demo.
The speed of waves through a stationary rope can vary due to the tension and the density of the material. What happens when the rope itself is put into motion and then a wave disturbance is added. This idea is the start of our investigation using a few different loops of ribbon and rope. The ropes are made into loops by melting and joining the two ends together and then hang limply until put into motion. The behavior of the rope as it hangs stationary and limp versus when it is put into motion is quite remarkable.
The closest analogy that might help to understand what is going on would be to imagine throwing rock in a moving stream or river. The waves traveling upstream would slow down and if the stream would be fast enough, the waves wouldn’t be able to move in that direction at all. The waves headed downstream would move very fast since both speeds would be in the same direction.
Related reading: What is a wave?
Watch these next: The Slinky Drop in slow motion, two turbines and a rope, a pendulum wave demonstration with bowling balls, and how to build your own Wave Machine physics demo.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.220688
Retrieved Text: Radar observations of 8P/Tuttle: A contact-binary comet is a free PDF from 2009 researching the contact binary shape of comet Tuttle and also its large grain size.
Arecibo radar imagery of Comet 8P/Tuttle reveals a 10-km-long nucleus with a highly bifurcated shape consistent with a contact binary. A separate echo component was also detected from large (>cm-size), slow-moving grains of the type expected to contribute to the Ursid meteor stream.
The new Tuttle imagery is especially interesting as it has revealed a strongly bifurcated nucleus consistent with a contact binary. We also identified a separate echo component from large grains in the inner coma, which confirms Tuttle as a source of slow-moving debris.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.10356
Retrieved Text: Hadoop software company Cloudera has worked with Google to make Google’s Dataflow programming model run on Apache Spark. Dataflow, which Google announced as a cloud service in June, lets programmers write the same code for both batch- and stream-processing tasks. Spark is becoming a popular environment for running both types of tasks, even in Hadoop environments.
Cloudera has open sourced the code as part of its Cloudera Labs program. [company]Google[/company] had previously open sourced the Dataflow SDK that Cloudera used to carry out this work.
[T]he streaming execution engine has strong consistency guarantees and provides a windowing model that is even more advanced than the one in Spark Streaming, but there is still a distinct batch execution engine that is capable of performing additional optimizations to pipelines that do not process streaming data. Crucially, the client API for the batch and the stream processing engines are identical, so that any operation that can be performed in one context can also be performed in the other, and moving a pipeline from batch mode to streaming mode should be as seamless as possible.
Essentially, Dataflow should make it easier to build reliable big data pipelines than previous architectural models, which often involved managing Hadoop MapReduce for batch processing and something like Storm for stream processing. Running Dataflow on Spark means there is a single set of APIs and a single processing engine, which happens to be significantly faster than MapReduce for most jobs.
While Dataflow on Spark won’t end problems of complexity, speed or scale, it’s another step along a path that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.668262
Retrieved Text: 4G/LTE on Wireless Replay Prepaid — Wireless Replay, Inc.
Some low-cost prepaid cellular programs do not offer 4G/LTE service. Even if you Bring Your Own Phone (BYOP), your system performance may be restricted. How do you know? The ‘3G’ flag at the top of your screen may be on, or nothing at all. Data speed is at a crawl. If 4G/LTE is working, most newer phones will show 4G/LTE at the top, up by the signal strength and battery indicators. Browser and download speeds will be slow. A quick test is to try NETFLIX or YouTube. If they don’t work, you’re probably in the slow lane. You need a real airtime plan.
Here’s the great news; All Wireless Replay prepaid plans support 4G/LTE!
If your phone is 4G/LTE capable, you’ll have full, high-speed data up to your monthly limit, then unlimited 2G service – fine for email and basic browsing – for the rest of the 30 day airtime period. Download at top speed, watch movies, stream audio for the finest customer experience. You’ll have it all.
Wireless Replay can connect you or your company with any number of 4G/LTE capable phones in most price ranges. You’ll trust our airtime offerings will support the full speed of business, particularly for enterprise customers. Call us today! Let’s talk about getting the best for less.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.55961
Retrieved Text: "True deep lasting peace comes from understanding the stream of life. The divine influence on our life is like a stream. Like life, sometimes it's fast, sometimes it's slow, sometimes it's smooth, sometimes it's rocky, sometimes it's REALLY rocky. The peace comes from understanding that whether the flow is quiet or turbulent, all of it, every bit of the riverbed is moving us in a single direction, toward a destination. Without that perspective it doesn't feel like we're getting anywhere... We'll know, that everything I get through gets me a little closer to the destination, and a destination that's very much worth the journey." -Curtis Childs.
Copyright © Phillip Olsen. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.530684
Retrieved Text: running - adj. continually repeated over a period of time; (of e.g. a machine) performing or capable of performing; executed or initiated by running; (of fluids) moving or issuing in a stream; of advancing the ball by running; moving quickly on foot; measured lengthwise; noun the act of administering or being in charge of something; the state of being in operation; the act of running; traveling on foot at a fast pace; the act of participating in an athletic competition involving running on a track; (American football) a play in which a player attempts to carry the ball through or past the opposing team.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.288311
Retrieved Text: Certainly one of my assignments this summer is a huge difficult process of stopping a swamp from water damage the cottage. My spouse and i composed a posting of how I just gained charge of the deluge. What was once a boggy marsh is definitely now a moist meadow with a stream going through. Three moose own even located a safe getaway within a grassy region simply twenty feet out of my back door. Yet , since I will only deal with this area having a simple spade, the flooding is still a problem. My spouse and i won’t be able to seem to continue. Getting devices up the sharp, hard street is expensive and dangerous. It could take a lot of work just to preserve a tractor right from going found in the mud. Because almost everything is so poor by side, I need to constantly dig trenches and route this particular in a more stream crib. Even after having a week’s break-up period, the water begins to significant and find its way into the small depressions where it can stagnate. There are a few facts I actually have recently been undertaking to keep this swamp away with the limited time period I use. I think task managers can similarly possess limited time and tools on certain tasks, and that they can easily apply similar ideas inside their administration methods.
First, I have to get according to period, functioning by a regular most basic. Downed pine small needles and silt quickly slow down divisions of the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.274305
Retrieved Text: TNC Exclusive: In a recent patent we can clearly see Sony camera Multi-Straming Video files at Variable frame rate. Which is really amazing if true. Since the patent literature native language is Japanese so mistakes may happen from our side. Now let’s Jump to details.
With the introduction of new Variable Frame based Video Mode the Sony cameras will allow users to select Frames rates even after shooting is done.
Multi-stream Will be used while grabbing entire data. The camera sensor and image processor will Multi Stream 60 FPS and 240FPS frames simultaneously to Memory.
Optimal frame Speed Function will also going to be implemented by using the (AI) Artificial Intelligence programs to determine the Optimal frame for a given scene.
User, after viewing a high frame rate image, and the image quality, if not like the impression when used as slow-motion images, the user can change the frame rate, it is necessary to re-image the high frame rate image.
The present technology relates to a display control apparatus, a display control method, and a program that are capable of providing an interface useful for enabling a user to easily determine an optimal frame rate. According to the present technology, at least a first image and a second image which are different in frame rate or frame image quality at the same clock time are displayed at the same position in the display area of a display apparatus. The present technology can be applied to, for example, a digital camera, etc., which can capture images at a plurality of frame rates.
More

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.223581
Retrieved Text: What Sorcery Keeps This Giant Ball Floating on a Tiny Stream of Water?
We’ve all made a tiny ping-pong ball float on a hair dryer, but what YouTube’s Veritasium is demonstrating here — a giant styrofoam ball floating on the side of a thin stream of water — seems to contradict every scientific law governing our universe. But there is an explanation as to what’s happening.
When you place a ping-pong ball on the stream of hot air blasting out of a hair dryer pointed upwards, Bernoulli’s principle explains what’s going on. As the floating ball drifts towards the side of the air stream, it interferes and causes the moving air there to slow down, which in turn increases the forces that push it back towards the centre, creating an equilibrium that traps the ball in mid-air.
If David Lynch designed a planet, it would be Uranus.
A new study suggests old people getting it on is a good thing.
Xenomorphs should be the least of your worries.
Is it Possible to Stimulate Deep Inside Our Brains Without Implanting Hardware?
Scientists at MIT present a fascinating new idea for how to electrically stimulate regions deep inside the brain.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.163006
Retrieved Text: BMS had a POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy) coming into today.
BMS was 3.69% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
BMS was 6.39% above its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
BMS was 8.03% above its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
BMS was 7.28% above its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
BMS was 4.55% above its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
BMS had returned -1.70% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a 0.00% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.
Bemis Company is a supplier of flexible packaging used by leading food, consumer products, healthcare, and other companies worldwide. The company was founded in 1858 and is based in Neenah, Wisconsin. View our full BMS ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
'); } $(tr.join('')).appendTo($('table#news-stream tbody')).slideDown("slow"); }); } symbol_get_snippets('BMS'); }); Page generated in 1.0688 seconds.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.141792
Retrieved Text: PEIX had a POWR Rating of D (Sell) coming into today.
PEIX was 36.62% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
PEIX was 50.39% above its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
PEIX was 41.19% above its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
PEIX was 17.50% above its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
PEIX was -7.09% below its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
PEIX had returned -36.04% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a 0.00% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.
Pacific Ethanol is the leading producer and marketer of low-carbon renewable fuels in the Western United States. The company also markets and distributes ethanol and co-products domestically and internationally. The company was founded in 2003 and is based in Sacramento, California. View our full PEIX ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
'); } $(tr.join('')).appendTo($('table#news-stream tbody')).slideDown("slow"); }); } symbol_get_snippets('PEIX'); }); Page generated in 1.2329 seconds.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.979923
Retrieved Text: CWT had a POWR Rating of B (Buy) coming into today.
CWT was 1.19% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
CWT was 1.87% above its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
CWT was 2.66% above its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
CWT was 4.65% above its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
CWT was 4.78% above its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
CWT had returned -6.05% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a 0.00% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.
California Water Services Group provides water utility and other related services in California, Washington, New Mexico, and Hawaii. The company was founded in 1926 and is based in San Jose, California. View our full CWT ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
'); } $(tr.join('')).appendTo($('table#news-stream tbody')).slideDown("slow"); }); } symbol_get_snippets('CWT'); }); Page generated in 1.2065 seconds.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.979338
Retrieved Text: ATVI had a POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy) coming into today.
ATVI was 7.57% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ATVI was 9.82% above its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ATVI was 6.59% above its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ATVI was 8.49% above its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ATVI was 12.57% above its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ATVI had returned +26.20% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a 0.00% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.
Activision Blizzard develops and publishes online, personal computer (PC), video game console, handheld, mobile, and tablet games worldwide. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Santa Monica, California. View our full ATVI ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
'); } $(tr.join('')).appendTo($('table#news-stream tbody')).slideDown("slow"); }); } symbol_get_snippets('ATVI'); }); Page generated in 1.3193 seconds.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.970743
Retrieved Text: SBGI had a POWR Rating of D (Sell) coming into today.
SBGI was 4.37% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
SBGI was -0.21% below its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
SBGI was -8.79% below its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
SBGI was -8.47% below its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
SBGI was -15.63% below its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
SBGI had returned -27.55% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a 0.00% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.
Sinclair Broadcast Group owns and operates, programs, or provides sales services to television stations in the United States. The company was founded in 1986 and is based in Hunt Valley, Maryland. View our full SBGI ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
'); } $(tr.join('')).appendTo($('table#news-stream tbody')).slideDown("slow"); }); } symbol_get_snippets('SBGI'); }); Page generated in 1.2703 seconds.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.854202
Retrieved Text: Tucked away on the west side of the bridge over McDonald Creek, near Apgar Village, is a short solitary walk along the creek’s slow moving waters. The trail spends its time bordering burned and unburned forest, forest and stream, and stream and meadow. This short hike is under two miles long and is extremely level.
It is a great walk for birding and provides ample chances to see larger mammals as well. There is also a figure-eight shaped loop that goes up the hill in the burned area away from the creek adding approximately two miles to the overall length of your hike.
Trailhead: After entering the West Entrance of the Park, turn left onto Camas Road and head past Apgar and over McDonald Creek. Park on either side of the bridge. The obscure trailhead is on southwest side of the road and west of the bridge.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.783945
Retrieved Text: Clear Wave is a clear, transparent glass with a gentle, rolling "wave". The soft texture mimics the surface of a lake or slow moving stream. Clear Wave imparts low distortion and is extremely easy to cut. Texture is the personality of art glass, suggesting dimension, depth and contrast. In clear glass, texture is also useful for achieving varying degrees of privacy while adding elegance and charm.
Sold online in 12" x 12" sheets. Larger sheets may be available in-store.
Black Opalescent COE 96 (96-02) - 12"x 12"

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.723217
Retrieved Text: Radio waves can be transmitted down through an ice sheet, ice stream or glacier and are reflected off the internal layers in the ice as well as off the bed. This reveals the internal structure of the ice, allowing scientsts to better understand the history of ice flow and test theories of how flow within ice sheets develops and evolves.
This image shows a 2km-deep cross-section of Carlson Inlet in West Antarctica. The layering is very different on the two sides of the image, to the left the layers are tightly folded and those to the right are gently undulating. This marks the difference between ice that is flowing fast (180m per year) on the left and slow (35m per year) on the right. The most intense folding is where the fast-moving ice shears past the slow ice.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.672977
Retrieved Text: The Guyson Wheelmaster has been specifically designed for blast etching of alloy wheels and incorporates many application specific handling features that enable the operator to operate this wheel blasting system safely and without heavy lifting.
The blasting process provides a fast and even light etching to remove only the chipped lacquer on virtually new wheels, whilst being capable of etching right back to bare metal if required. And, unlike traditional disc sanders, it allows both easy penetration of the blast media stream between the spokes and also very precise localised etching.
A pressure feed blast system is available as an option for intensive blasting or when needing to strip a wheel back to bare metal. The blast media is stored within a pressure pot and falls through a valve into a compressed air stream within the blast hose. It is then accelerated through the blast nozzle to impact upon the wheel. The pressure feed system produces faster moving blast media and offers cycle times that can be up to four times faster than a suction feed system for tougher blasting applications.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.60769
Retrieved Text: Scientists compare bending light around an event to enabling a pedestrian to cross a road without interrupting the traffic flow.
(CNN) -- New materials with the ability to manipulate the speed of light could enable the creation of a "space-time cloak" capable of masking events or even creating an illusion of "Star Trek"-style transportation, according to scientists in London.
The cloak, while currently only existing in mathematical theory, takes advantage of the potential properties of "metamaterials" -- artificial materials designed and manipulated at a molecular level to interact with and control electromagnetic waves.
Scientists have previously demonstrated that one possible use of metamaterials could be to render objects invisible by bending light around them. But Professor Martin McCall of Imperial College London says he has now extended the concept of invisibility to a cloak also capable of hiding events both in time and space.
"In some senses our work is mathematically quite closely related to the idea of invisibility cloaking," McCall told CNN. "It's just that we're doing it in space and time instead of just in space. It's added a new dimension to cloaking, quite literally."
In a paper published in the Journal of Optics, McCall said metamaterials made it theoretically possible to manipulate light rays as they enter a material so that some parts speed up and others slow down. This could create "blind spots" in time, masking an event. While the accelerated light arrives at a space before an event has happened, the rest of the light doesn't reach it until after the event.
"If you had someone moving

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.550884
Retrieved Text: Rapids are areas of shallow, fast-flowing water in a stream.
Rapids tend to form in younger streams, with water flow that is straighter and faster than in older streams. Softer rocks in the streambed erode, or wear away, faster than harder rocks. This process is known as differential erosion. The result of differential erosion is that as the streambed wears away, the stronger rocks remain and eventually begin to break up the flow of the stream. The many tiny waterfalls they create make the slope of the stream more steep.
The safety of a section of river is measured by the class, or level, of its rapids. The class of a rapid determines how difficult it is to navigate using a kayak, raft, or other vessel.
Class I: Small waves, no obstacles.
Class II: Medium waves, no obstacles.
Class III: Many waves of different strengths, many obstacles, narrow passages.
Class IV: Many strong waves, many dangerous obstacles, whirlpools.
Class V: Constant strong waves, constant obstacles, whirlpools, fast currents, some waterfalls.
Class VI: (also classified as U, for "unraftable") Constant strong waves, constant obstacles, whirlpools, fast currents, steep waterfalls.
Rapids can be important to the health of a stream system. The water splashing over rocks captures air in bubbles. This splashing, called whitewater, leads to more dissolved oxygen in the water. The oxygen is useful to fish, insects, and bacteria in the water, and in turn to the ecosystem around the stream.
Rowboats are not the safest way to navigate rapids.
Many rivers have different stretches with different classes of rapids. The class of rapids can also depend

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.523449
Retrieved Text: Hey everyone, It's been a while since I have been active in the guild (honestly it was the first year of inception), and I'd like to get more involved. It seems like things are pretty slow right now with the guild. I'd love to help get this kickstarted again and get things moving!
twitch.tv/jsstudz I stream 3 times a week, and my games vary! Drop that follow and let me know you are from Extra Life!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.484583
Retrieved Text: The Scanic Astute LED 60 is a DMX moving head which disposes of a durable and powerful Longlife LED unit with high luminous power. The LED unit is extremely bright and can effortlessly measure up to conventional discharge lamps. The Astute LED 60 features a colour wheel with 7 colours and 2 gobo wheels with 7 different gobos each that can be portrayed very sharply via the manual focus. The gobos are rotatable clockwise and counterclockwise in gobo stream. Moreover, you can also find a stepless dimmer as well as an adjustable strobe effect that can be adjusted from slow to fast. Via the integrated LED DMX menu system with 4 buttons the moving head''s operation is as easy as can be. This device can be operated in DMX mode (15 channels), sound-to-light-mode and automatic mode.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.47224
Retrieved Text: Orange Slice is a research kernel and hypervisor with an end goal of creating a deterministic hypervisor. This will be developed almost entirely in my free time, and will probably move slow. However I will try to stream almost all dev for this project, such that people can ask questions and hopefully learn a thing or two about kernel and hypervisor development! This deterministic hypervisor is going to be designed from the start for fuzzing. Having determinism in a hypervisor would allow us to never have an issue with reproducing a bug, regardless of how complex the bug is. However as a hypervisor we will benefit from the performance of hardware-accelerated virtualization. The end goal is a deterministic hypervisor, capable of booting Windows and Linux, with less than a 5x performance slowdown to achieve instruction-and-cycle level determinism for cycle counts and interrupt boundaries.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.455698
Retrieved Text: UHPSI Alum Catherine Kuhn Publishes!
Catherine Kuhn (MEsc ’15) worked with Ucross during her time at F&ES, analyzing gas fluxes from Clear Creak, the main river system flowing through the Ucross Ranch. Field work took her and Ucross staff on journeys from the slow-moving river in the bottomlands of the high plains at 4,000 feet, up to the headwaters of the stream at Florence Lake at 11,000 feet.
Catherine found that Clear Creak is both a source and sink for greenhouse gases (CO2 and CH4), and that this varies during time of year (peak flows during snowmelt and low flows in mid-summer), and location on the stream, with lower elevation areas much mroe likely to be producing, rather than sequestering these greenhouse gases.
We’re quite proud of Catherine and her work – click here to see her complete publication, or give us a shout if you’d like further explanation.
This entry was posted in Mapping, Water. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.408073
Retrieved Text: Hazy light on a hazy morning in the Adirondacks.
South Creek is a shallow, slow moving stream that provides access to some larger lakes in the area. This summer morning provided a glimpse of seasons to come, with a weak light and a hazy atmosphere that made a summer morning look like fall.
Of all the attractive elements in the scene, it was the contrast of deep cool shadows in the foreground against the spotlit rock in the distance that convinced me it was a scene worth painting.
Un-framed and un-matted – waiting for your framers touch!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.383205
Retrieved Text: A water turbine is a rotary engine that takes energy from moving water. Water turbines were developed in the nineteenth century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids.... In the case of a hydroelectric dam, it's flowing water that's used as the power source to turn the turbine. Hydroelectric dams are constructed with a special passageway — called the penstock — for water .
Power by the movement of water is genius, if you have a huge river or stream you could generate a literal off the grid system, but what if you live with a small creek or a slow flowing body of water… over at otherpower.com they have a DIY water generator and they built a little dam to create a steady flow of water that turned the turbine.
13/06/2016 · Hoyt Battey of the Wind and Water Power Technologies Office provides a simple step-by-step project on building a wind turbine that can be completed in less than 20 minutes.
That is, these installations do not make use of an elevation drop of the water for power, but only use the velocity of the water flowing down the stream. I regularly get questions from people who live on a stream or river and would like to make use of it as a power source, but the stream has no useable elevation drop over the property, and a dam to make an elevation drop would not be allowed.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.058508
Retrieved Text: Hot air balloons are a wonderful symbol of peace and tranquility to me, and I wanted to create a card that reflected that. Ergo, oodles of white space! Throw in some scalloped patterned paper in Sage Shadow, and you’ve got a zen, feminine card.
If you had to pick a symbol for “peace and tranquility,” what would it be?
WOW! This card is gorgeous. I just love it. My fav use of the balloons I have seen!
I don’t know what symbol for peace and tranquility I would choose. Hmmm … that is a lot to think about. I think I would definitely choose something from nature though. Maybe a nice slow moving stream through hills.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.939964
Retrieved Text: An example of my assignments this summertime is an intense procedure of stopping a swamp right from racing the vacation cabin. My spouse and i has written a document of how My spouse and i gained control of the avalanche. What was every boggy marsh is definitely now a moist meadow with a stream functioning through. Three moose have got also discovered a secure destination in a grassy region simply 20 or so legs out of my own backside door. However , mainly because I could just take care of this kind of area with a simple shovel, the water damage is still a issue. My spouse and i aren’t seem to maintain. Getting machines up the large, tough highway is costly and high-risk. It would definitely require a lot of function just to continue to keep a tractor coming from making in the dirt. Because almost everything is so slow-moving by hands, I have to consistently look trenches and funnel the water in to a more stream bed frame. Even after having a week’s opportunity, the water begins to great into your6173 the minor depressions wherever this can stagnate. There are a couple of issues I just have been undertaking to keep this kind of swamp away with the limited time frame I’ve. I just think job managers can similarly have got limited time and tools about certain projects, and that they may apply precisely the same concepts in their supervision practices.
Initial, I must get according to time, doing work at a regular most basic.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.85464
Retrieved Text: Hot and humid air is expected to be pushed into northern Europe this weekend, including Britain, creating a “Spanish Plume”, forecasters said.
As the wind becomes southerly today and tomorrow (Saturday), a brief surge of heat from the Continent will affect central and eastern parts of England.
The areas most likely to see fairly hot weather include London, which may see temperatures of around 30C on Saturday, Norwich and Cambridge (28C), Bath, Birmingham and Lincoln (25 or 26C).
However, it looks like a slow-moving frontal system will affect western parts of Britain, with heavy rain developing through the course of tomorrow.
In addition, the heat and humidity in central and eastern areas may trigger severe thunderstorms, especially for the Midlands and northern England. Hail and strong wind gusts are possible.
The rain and areas of thunderstorms then look like spreading into Scotland overnight and into Sunday, with further rain or showers still possible further south. Northern Ireland may escape much of this activity though. It looks like continuing to be unsettled into the start of next week too, and turning rather cooler again.
- Colloquial description of a weather situation in which a large southwards dip in the high altitude jet stream develops to the west of Europe encouraging a deep southerly wind flow.
This pushes hot and humid air from Iberia north and north-east into northern Europe, including the British Isles. The proximity of active weather systems moving along with the jet stream along with heating from the summer sunshine can encourage thunderstorms to develop.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.751719
Retrieved Text: The live stream seems to work but the archived shows won't play properly. The HD video is very laggy and stops playing. The SD videos will play for a few minutes but then randomly speed up or slow down the playback rate. It is VERY slow to load the list of archived shows. On the other hand, watching TWIT shows on this iPad from the website in Safari works just fine. I would like this app a lot if it worked.
I have come to look forward to the shows each week. It is a quality production each show, each week with great content and hosts/guests.
Great interface, worth a buck!
Really glad I bought this, looked for a free version, but it's worth it!
The app works well. One improvement that I would to see is to allow the user to move the dashboard off of the screen without moving the chat screen off at the same time. The purpose would be to show chat on half of the screen and the video on half of the screen without the dashboard panel taking up space on the right.
Doe exactly what I need!

================



======= Instance Index 555 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are slow or fast ):

The more energy the particles in matter have, the faster and more strongly they vibrate.


Someone that has very little energy will be slow or fast?

Target Text: slow

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.743027
Retrieved Text: Butkus is a very sweet little boy who would love to run and play with you and your family!
Eve has a ton of energy, and is willing to give someone all her love! Eve would do best in a home where she is the only dog.
Lady is a sweet girl who would love to follow you around all day. She does not have a ton of energy, so if you like to cuddle, she’s the dog for you!
Sierra loves to follow us around and be our little shadow!
Tulip is a sweet little girl who has a ton of energy. She does have a medical condition that will need to be discussed with a doctor upon adoption.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.885275
Retrieved Text: Excess Capacity is the ability for a person to cope with additional stresses every day. People with an auto-immune illness, like Lupus, generally have very little excess capacity.
Airline pilots have an expression – ‘excess capacity’. Excess capacity is the ability for anyone to cope with additional stress and pressure in their lives.
Someone who is stressed and having difficulty dealing with their normal everyday life has very little excess capacity, very little ability to cope with any new stresses that might come their way. Most, if not all, of their ‘capacity’ is used to deal with their day-to-day life – their job, their co-workers, their family, their commuting time, etc.
Someone with a chronic illness, like Lupus, generally starts their day with less ‘excess capacity’ than the average person would. Dealing with the symptoms of a chronic illness, like Lupus, requires a lot of effort and uses a lot of energy leaving far less capacity for that person to easily deal with everything else in their life. The less capacity a person starts their day with, the less capable they are at handling additional stresses that come their way. It’s easy to see why a person with a chronic illness will often find themselves struggling what they have to deal with on a day-to-day basis is often far more than their capacity to cope.
Christine Miserandino describes this ability to cope as the Spoon Theory. Every day, a person with a chronic illness has a limited amount of energy to spend on their daily tasks. Ms. Miserandino uses spoons

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.467617
Retrieved Text: Metabolism might be the least understood and most misused health topics that exists. By misused, I mean that many people blame their “slow” metabolism for being overweight, or a “fast” metabolism for being skinny. While there are some genetic factors involved, these kind of statements about the metabolism couldn’t be further from the truth.
Your metabolism is primarily based on the amount of Fat Free Mass (FFM) you have. This only differs slightly from Lean Body Mass (LBM) in that LBM also includes some essential fat that is mostly around and in your organs.
If you have had a an accurate body composition test done then your Basal Metabolic Rate with be an amount closely related to the amount of your Lean Body Mass percentage. Basically this means that the more muscle mass you have the higher your metabolic rate will be in relation to someone your same weight, height, and gender.
Before we move ahead let’s go back and examine what your metabolism really is, before we worry how high or low it is, and if you can change it.
The majority of your metabolism revolves around simply staying alive. Your organs use up anywhere from 60-75% of the daily energy you consume. Men generally have bigger organs than women which accounts for their slightly higher metabolic rate. That and the fact that men generally carry more muscle mass than woman. Your body also has to stay within an optimal temperature range to function well. These factors make up the vast majority of what we call a metabolic rate.
When

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.265495
Retrieved Text: In my daily writing when I don't have a particular subject in mind I will just sit, relax and allow my Inner Voice to take over. All I really have to do is to write what I hear. If I have a question I will type it in italics.
To set the mood, I am sitting at our local coffee shop with endless internet which I appreciate very much. Let's hear from my Inner Voice.
As you go through your day it is important for you to realize the energy that you radiate. The best way to tell would be to look at how your interactions play out. Are you having kind and joyful experiences with those in your life? Or is there friction and confrontation? Imagine looking back on your day to see the reactions of those that you encounter. The ability to look at your life objectively can pose a challenge, but the quality of your life may depend on it. Though this may seem harsh, remember that the energy that you radiate will affect all of your relationships.
Where does this energy come from? If you were to accept that all thoughts are energy, then you may also accept that the thoughts that you have will carry this energy out to those around you. If you are pessimistic about the events of the world, then you may be radiating this energy. If you are focused on the quality of your life, then it may be best to focus on more positive events in your day.
The energy

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.24732
Retrieved Text: According to Energy Star (https://www.energystar.gov/), a federal program to help consumers save energy, 45% of total power use in a home goes to heating and cooling, and the average cost for that comfort is $2100 to $2500 per year. The greater the difference between the outside and inside temperature of your home, the higher the energy costs. Someone willing to be a little cold in the winter in Chicago will save more than someone who has to burn less energy to stay warm.
The other factor at play is the human one. The more determined you are to save energy, the more you will save.
How willing are you to be a little cold in the winter or hot in the summer?
Can you keep your finger off the thermostat?
Let's look at the numbers. Programmable thermostats typically cost three times as much as manual ones. Let's say we are going to spend $150 on a programmable thermostat, hoping to get that money back with a lower energy bill.
A 2007 study found that homes with programmable thermostats saved an average of 6.5 percent of their energy costs. Using the middle ground of $2300 per year, that's $149.50. That pays for the thermostat the first year and goes into your pocket after that.
But can you save that 6.5 percent?
If you let your home get uncomfortably hot or cold when you are away and then burn energy getting comfortable when you get home, you won't save much. Experts say you must be willing tosave energy when you are home as well as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.236166
Retrieved Text: Tuck's mother Rosa was found underneath a farmer's porch, heavily pregnant. She was brought to the HUA shelter and soon gave birth to a litter of five puppies in one of our foster homes. All of the darling babies are sweet, playful, affectionate and silly. Squeaky toys are always a big hit, but these wee ones want human arms when playtime is over. They are smart little kids that have figured out how to use their doggy door to go outside even though it takes some might. Tuck really is very sweet; darned handsome, too. He has puppy energy without PUPPY ENERGY, he is bright-eyed and alert without the “I could launch myself across the room any second now!” coiled tension that sometimes is found in the youngsters. He snuggles up, quite content to be on a lap or curled up right next to someone in his quiet moments. He’ll be a fantastic family member for someone.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.017424
Retrieved Text: Reiki is a gentle, non-invasive way of reviving the chakras and bringing the body’s energy field into alignment. Each session is approx. one hour long. During your Reiki session you remain fully clothed & lie down on a massage table. You will be listening to soft music and smelling a custom blend of essential oils to help you to relax. The Reiki practitioner works with the energy field of your body.
Reiki works with the body, mind, spirit and emotional realms to help you to relax. When you relax it helps to promote healing within you. The Reiki practitioner simply opens a channel for the positive energy to flow through your body to help YOUR body re-balance itself.
There is an energetic field around each and every one of us called an ‘aura’. Within that aura is our physical body. We are alive because this energy is flowing through us. We can call it a life force, chi or prana. This life force is like an electricity and it flows through our body using its own highway system called meridians or chakras. This life force is just as vital to the organs and cells as water , air and nutrients. Our life force is hugely affected by our emotions and thought patterns.
In today’s society it is more common to be your own worst enemy than to be your own best friend. Most people are trained from a very young age not to love ourselves or help ourselves be great people. When you think negative thoughts about your body,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.914852
Retrieved Text: About half the states in the country have deregulated energy over the past 15 years or so and that has brought a big opportunity for businesses to save money. The strange thing is that less than 20% of businesses have taken advantage of the ability to save on their energy costs. The ability to cut business expenses by saving on energy is very real.
Why haven’t more businesses taken advantage of this?
The most often cited reason is that many businesses just don’t realize the savings that are available. Another issue that we hear is that they or someone that they know may have gotten a raw deal when trying to save money on their residential bills. This is very valid as there are no shortage of rip-offs out there. The third most common reason for just keeping things the way they are, is because of the perceived time and effort that may be necessary to go through the process of switching.
The bottom line is the commonality here and that is lack of knowledge. Businesses focus on their business. They know little if anything about the energy marketplace and don’t have the time or the desire to learn.
Most businesses don’t even realize that if they switch a gas or electric provider, virtually nothing changes. Their present utility company will continue to deliver through their pipes and wires and provide service exactly like they presently do. Usually, you continue to receive a single bill. In most cases there will be just one line item on the bill that will

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.904984
Retrieved Text: Alice is a beautiful long haired Tabby (spayed) and Lucio (neutered) her son is a very handsome boy both have been re homed together in a loving home and have access to a large garden and outside sheds. They are very popular with their new owners as they are "great hunters" and are fantastic working cats.
Baxter is Daisy's brother and is a cute little man and is full of energy and fun, he will need a home where someone is home during the day as puppies need attention. If you can offer Baxter a home email us for details of our adoption criteria and home check details. Our contact details are below on Daisy's profile.
Tucker needs a home through no fault of his own he was handed in by his owners to be destroyed but was rescued by Ainmhithe and will remain under our care until we can find him a loving home. Tucker is a 2 year old Staffie x and is a beautiful boy and very affectionate. He loves his play toys and runs around the yard with them in his mouth all day long, he loves walks but is very strong on the lead and will need a bit of lead training "not a lot" just someone who will give him the time and attention he needs. Tucker will be fully vaccinated and neutered before re homing. If you can offer Tucker a home contact Ainmhithe via our website or by email or on 086 0335636.
Jerry is bearded collie and is a very

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.811302
Retrieved Text: Legislative Assembly for the ACT: 2008 Week 7 Hansard (2 July) . . Page.. 2641..
information to the rental market. The factors and considerations that renters make when it comes to leasing a rental property are very different from those that relate to someone that is seeking to purchase a property.
Indeed, it is clear that the analysis that is undertaken in the energy rating scheme for the sale of residential properties does serve a very valuable purpose in educating new homeowners about the potential to improve the energy performance of their dwelling and, therefore, reduce their energy costs and their emissions. However, it is not the same when it comes to the rental market. Indeed, renters have limited ability to influence the energy performance of a dwelling. They do not own the property, nor are they in a position to make immediate changes—aside, potentially, from some very straight forward and basic ones—to the energy performance of the dwelling.
Combine that with the issues on the opportunities and choices that currently exist in the ACT rental market. The rental market is very tight. We are all aware of some of the pressures renters are facing. For that reason, the government believes that further consideration and detailed investigation must be undertaken before a decision is taken to simply implement a scheme.
I think, in many respects, this is a fairly cheap gesture by Dr Foskey. By seeking to highlight an initiative the government has said will be subject to further consideration, she is trying to portray the government as not acting

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.797232
Retrieved Text: Grief and unresolved grief create enormous amounts of emotional energy – while at the same time draining energy and exhausting the griever.
In The Grief Recovery Handbook we use an acronym, STERBs, as shorthand for Short Term Energy Relieving Behaviors.
What you describe, in terms of your sister’s incredible output of energy [cleaning- taking care of the dogs, etc.], is a perfect example of a STERB. STERBS are very normal and natural reactions to major grief-producing events.
I have little doubt that her husband’s death has been the most life-shattering event in her life, and that his absence creates volumes of energy that she is trying to dispel – not knowing what else to do with it all.
Time won’t heal her broken heart anymore than time would put air back into a flat tire. As with a flat tire, actions are required to the get the car back on the road, and actions are required to get her heart back into the mainstream of life – even without him here.
The actions that can help her are detailed in The Grief Recovery Handbook [available in most libraries and book stores].
Rather than there being something you can say to help, there’s something you can do. Get a copy of the Handbook and read at least the first 58 pages – Part One. Then you can give the book to your sister with this statement: “I have found this book to be very helpful, I thought you would benefit from it also.” Saying it that way will not make her think that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.674736
Retrieved Text: Telekinesis is the psychic ability that involves the ability to move objects, living beings, things and energies with your mind or spirit. Telekinesis comes when someone achieves a deep understanding of how energy and the universe works. When that information is obtained telekinetic abilities blossom.
Scientist are getting closer and closer to true telekinetic powers by designing artificial body limbs that respond to people's thoughts to some degree (they actually pick=up the invisible electrical impulses that are sent through a cut off limb.
This is a way of proving that invisible energy is real and it needs to be rediscovered by most of humanity so we can all use the invisible energy around us to move objects with the energy out thoughts send out. But of course we should be good to live in harmony with planet earth which will give our energy some authority over other energy so it can be manipulated. Okay that may be a little confusing but you should keep that in mind if you have hopes of becoming telekinetic and move objects with your mind... the lovely act of telekinesis.
This means you can morph energy, transform it, change its molecular structure and use it as if was a part of you.
Telekinesis is possible because everything is part of each other and connected to each other in a deep way. Telekinesis has infinite possibilities when used properly and for the evolution of energy and the universe. When true telekinesis is used for wrong purposes, there will obviously be negative consequences. This may seem a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.652412
Retrieved Text: When we decide to love by the moon – to make plans for transformation through channeling her energy – we aren’t just setting an intention to sit on for the next four weeks. We are mapping a plan for growth that flows with each cycle.
Just as the moon waxes and wanes, so should we.
This cycle, as you set your intention for the Leo moon, prepare to see that goal build and build. Realize you should be reaching a pinnacle around the full moon, on August 6. Plan for the momentum in the waxing moon; celebrate the center of the cycle when your goal and the moon reach their fullest and most robust state; and prepare for the decline in energy after the moon.
Here is my guide for reflection and intention for the new moon, in which I answer my journal prompts. I’d love for you to follow along too, so you can ride the cycle of Leo with the strongest purpose.
Cancer is characterized as a very domestic moon. The need to be a homebody should appear, or a longing for a childhood home. Cancer is a sentimental time and where you will want to spend time with family and close friends. Similarly, this moon’s energy can bring also on feelings of vulnerability or tenderness, and the need to nurture others.
What happened for me in the last moon?
I felt anything but a home base during Cancer. I was pulled in so many different directions that staying conscious of my decisions was a challenge. I actually spent very

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.470207
Retrieved Text: One word I take pride in not calling myself is an 'expert'. You might think 'What the hell are you training people for then?' I'm not saying that I don't know my job, that I don't know the principles of strength and conditioning, about energy systems, about assessments and writing appropriate programmes for athletes........I do........but I will never label myself an expert.
The leading people of any profession, and I mean the very top people, adopt a 'white belt mentality' attitude. They are constantly looking to improve, broaden their knowledge, prepare to make mistakes. Their mind is open and with that is a need to be always learning. Scientists believed the atom was the smallest thing known to man but an open mind and an thirst for knowledge led them to discover that when they split it, a whole load of other crap was found inside, changing everything they knew up to that point. To me, someone who says they are an expert has closed their mind to learning and challenging their beliefs.
Adapt this to your everyday life: in work and recreational time. You will live so much more.
If someone down at the gym offers you advice, listen to what they say. You've been training for 10-20 years and this guy looks like he's just left school.......so what? Don't be arrogant enough to think you know everything someone younger than you has to offer, don't be that guy.
Do a little research, find some theory to it, read and understand, interract with others who disagree with you and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.466696
Retrieved Text: I am big beautiful of age lady, I’m 2 yrs old. I’m very athletic with a lot of energy and looking for a mate that can keep up with my lifestyle. I am very smart and get happy when I know I’m going for some activities. I am still learning some basic commands but with patience I will catch on to them quickly.
I am a little scared of bad weather, and perfer to be held. I love to watch TV, my favorite show is Dr. Pol. I love other dogs and people too, but I bark at folks that I first meet. I’m just a talker though and mean no harm. The look on some of thier faces is priceless though lol. I will need someone with patience and experience. My last people had a lot of dogs and they didn’t pay us much mind unless we were bad. Then they were very mean and abused us. I am still scared of humans at times. But my foster dad has shown me so much love, I’m learning to trust creatures without fur.
Please consider giving me a chance, I’m a lovely gal!!!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.400276
Retrieved Text: A large part of owning a business is making sure that your facility is as accessible as possible. This pertains to every aspect of your establishment, including the entry and exit. While you might currently have manual doors that must be pushed and pulled in order to get into your business, it might be a better idea for you to invest in automatic doors. Use this information to learn more about why now is the perfect time for you to get automatic doors installed as soon as possible.
Picture this: An individual who is in a wheelchair approaches your building. They have to maneuver themselves in such a way as to make it easy for them to get inside of the facility. This is highly inconvenient, especially if they have to wait for someone else to come up and open the door so that they can get inside.
You want to make your business as accessible as possible. No matter what the conditions of the person trying to patronize your company might be, you want to make sure that you do everything in your power to make it easy for them to get inside. Automatic doors can help you accomplish this.
When you have automatic doors, the sensor that accompanies the doors will cause the doors to open up the moment someone gets close to them. This can go a long way toward bringing in the crowds so that you can grow and expand.
Another reason why you should get automatic doors is because they are very energy efficient. The

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.398775
Retrieved Text: You may be the type of person who excels at taking care of others. However, there are times when you need to take care of yourself first. This month, do what you can to focus on your needs. You may face many challenges, but you will be able to manage your problems well.
Keeping an eye on the future is always a good thing. However, you might be tempted to throw caution to the wind this month, and indulge in a little bit of recklessness. Be careful,and remember the saying “Regret always comes in the end”.
You might be more focused this month on your finances. This may be influenced by the financial condition of your close friends or neighbors who could be struggling. Stay optimistic to attract positive energy into your life.
Your relationships with your family or close relatives may not be like you want it to be this month. However, you can take heart in the fact that the situation you find yourself in is only temporary. You could be taking part in a big celebration soon.
You might have the tendency to over spend your budget this month. To avoid this, you should check your priorities. You may have the desire to buy something on impulse, but this month it's better if you think before you buy.
Be careful about fully trusting people whom you have only recently met, because they may be out to pull one over on you. It is always preferable to be cautious.Alsom make sure to take extra care when crossing the street.
If

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.38219
Retrieved Text: The Little Alchemy game has an interesting gameplay. The gameplay of this award-winning game is related to Chemistry. Everyone who has some basic knowledge of Chemistry, knows that substances react in Chemistry to yield new substance. The gameplay of this game is similar to that. In the game, we have items called elements. These elements react with one another to yield new elements. At the beginning of this game, a player will be given four elements. These four elements that will be given are known as basic elements. The basic elements of all Alchemy players are the same. These basic elements are namely Air, Earth, Water and Fire.
Energy is a very resourceful Little Alchemy element. This element can combine with a good number of elements, and it also has a lot of unique products. The resourcefulness of this element makes it a highly sought after element. Good enough, the element is not difficult to create. Energy can be created from two combinations. One of the combinations is very easy, while the other is relatively difficult, compared to the first combination. The first combination is the combination of Air and Fire. Do not forget that Air and Fire are two basic elements. The other combination capable of producing Energy is the combination of Plant and Sun. If you do not have any of Plant and Sun, ensure that you read this article to the end as we’ll briefly discuss how to make them.
Just as we stated earlier, Energy is a very resourceful element. This element has over

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.335897
Retrieved Text: Up this week is your beautiful, heart chakra. The F-word for this chakra could be faith. But while faith is a very powerful positive characteristic of the heart chakra, it isn’t numero uno. That honor unequivocally goes to the act of forgiveness.
The heart chakra is the home of that all-permeating, healing energy we call love. In our culture we use the word “love” in so many different contexts that it can be a little confusing. In this healing context, I am referring to love as a powerful, pervasive energy that connects to others in a positive, life-affirming way. It is unconditional and all-encompassing, not connected to any thought or judgment. Love is just a feeling of positive, healing connection to another being, and the thing that opens the heart chakra most is loving connection.
Conversely, the thing that closes the heart most is the kind of judgment that gets in the way of this connection. When someone does something we don’t like, we may feel hurt. We may then judge what they did as wrong and decide on some level to not forgive them, to protect ourselves against the possibility they might hurt us again.
Unfortunately, the choice to not forgive creates a pain in the person who is unwilling to forgive. When we choose not to forgive someone, it can seem like we are doing something to them, like it’s some sort of retribution for the pain we feel they put us through. But the truth is we are hurting ourselves by blocking our heart energy.
So the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.33316
Retrieved Text: Last week our 16 year old cat Boots laid down on his favorite bench and went to sleep. My wife found him the next morning; he never woke up. We were devastated although thankful that he went that peacefully. Then the very next day, what appears on our back porch, but a little female kitten, full of energy and wanting to be rubbed and loved. She was obviously dumped by someone. We live out in a very rural area of Randolph County, North Carolina and we aren’t near enough to anywhere from which she could have wandered. And, she was probably raised around someone who petted her, she is entirely tame, very much so. A terrible thing for someone to do and usually tragic for the animal, because most dumped pets end up starving or hit by vehicles. This time, I guess the little girl is lucky. My wife calls her Precious.
UPDATE: A couple of days after Precious showed up, enter Spook.
And I don’t even want to talk about Dewey.
What a sweet story Dan! I am sorry for your loss, but I am so excited for you both in your new family addition.
Thanks Tyler, all our cats and dogs are like family. As for cats, this little female makes number six.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.233667
Retrieved Text: Find nutrition tips to get more energy, lose weight, lower blood pressure and cholesterol and more. The less ingredients in the foods we eat, the better. Always eat real fruits, vegetables, fish and lean meat as opposed to processed foods that have a long list of ingredients.
Does your practice offer customized nutrition plans based on individual lifestyles?
Dr. Edward Camacho: That is something we can absolutely do for someone. Our practice is newly into the nutrition realm since I’ve joined this office. It’s a passion of mine and we do have the ability to go over with new patients an extensive intake form that gathers a lot of information to help me better suit their needs. Individually, I think nutrition is something that needs to be attacked in a customized manner because not one way works for everybody.
For someone who is looking for more energy during the day, what nutrition tips do you have?
Dr. Edward Camacho: For more energy in the day, I guess my approach is always to keep it simple in the beginning. Hydration. Most people don’t drink enough water and that can definitely be a sign of dehydration when someone has low energy. People who have too much carbohydrate intake or too much sugar, it has a little bit more of a sluggish energy expenditure. Some tips I give normal people is to eat a little bit more fruits and vegetables. Clean up your diet. Get some more water in your body and definitely get some more rest. I think those three things together

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.22543
Retrieved Text: Energy: Oil and Natural Gas – Now what?
If you haven’t heard about Peak Oil you must not be keeping up or been living under a rock. We are running out. How fast is hard to say because all the data in the last couple of decades has been based on historical information or been lies by the oil industry itself and our U.S. government. Shell admitted to lying and even scaled back what it said it had paying some heavy fines for those lies. As for other big oil companies, they pass the buck to someone else claiming if there is any discrepancy it’s the other companies fault.
So, how long do we really have, pulling the curtain aside – decades at most. It’s not ‘when will we run out of oil’ but rather how long before there is so little the price becomes unaffordable. I am fifty this year and before I am seventy I will see real problems arise from the lack of access to oil and cheap energy. So, if you’re wanting to do something about that you had better act starting today and I’ll make my usual recommendations later on in this article.
Yes! There is a Peak in Natural Gas too. Peal Oil happened in 2008. Peak Natural Gas occurred between 2007 / 2008, really about the same time. That is why Cheney had secret energy meetings while in office and Haliburton has been busy fracking the nation to get at whatever is left in Natural Gas – it’s a last ditch effort

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.219824
Retrieved Text: 1. Accept your illness: by acceptance the illness does not rule your life, it frees up energy for other things and you know the future is something you can handle.
2.See the illness as a source of growth: in any loss powerful human experiences are set in motion. Regard these experiences as teachers, psychologically grow something in place of the loss and become more powerful and resilient than before the illness.
3.View your illness as a positive redirection in your life: when illness is judged to be bad,lots of energy is wasted feeling bad over it. If you assume your life is redirected by your illness towards something that your were supposed to be doing, you are then more likely to be at peace and spare the energy enjoying here and now.
4. Understand that death or recurrence is not a failure if steps one, two, or three are accomplished, but a further choice or another step: if staying alive is your goal , then that is already a failure because we all have to die someday. When you realize there is only limited time left, you might as well enjoy that time to the best of your ability, starting here and now.
6. Don’t make physical change your sole goal: to make your sole goal to overcome an illness may not be very productive. If you make your goal to learn how to seek peace of mind, acceptance , hope, love, forgiveness and illness as only one of the problem you are having, it is then far easier and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.218899
Retrieved Text: 31 Ventura Dr., Dartmouth| open 12:30 to 5 p.m. Monday - Saturday.
Contact at (508) 995-6661/ stop by, or on Facebook.
Bates: Young, adult male. Can be a little shy at first but, warms up and would do best in a quiet home.
Tiger: Sweet, 5-year-old tiger-striped male. Gets along with other cats and with kids, would do well in most home situations.
Tigger, not to be confused with Tiger (above): Handsome, 7-month-old orange tabby male, who gets along well with other cats and kids. Likes to see what is going on and is very easy going. Unsure if he gets along with dogs but do know he would make a great addition to your home.
Sheldon: Snuggly, 1-year-old Lab mix male. Really sweet, has medium to high energy level, and will need to go to someone who has dog experience. Needs to be the only dog in the home, and his new family will own their own home. Would do best in an adult home, or one with older children. Would make a great running or hiking partner, and would probably do great with agility.
Skipper: Sweet, 8-month-old black and tan hound mix male. Gets along beautifully with other dogs and kids. Big goofball, who is a high energy pup, and his new family will own their home, have previous dog experience, have children over 10 years old, plus the time and patience to put into this loving pup.
Turbo: Cute, 1-year-old tan Labrador retriever mix male. Can be a little shy at first, but warms up quickly. Medium energy, can be

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.187126
Retrieved Text: Has Burnout reduced your energy and performance? How to Bounce Back.
Burnout has many symptoms and is a sign that you have physically, mentally and emotionally depleted your internal resources. I was recently interviewed on Women In Business Radio buy the fantastic Sian Murphy (Full interview here.) so I thought I'd include the main parts here.
Loss of enjoyment in activities that used to be pleasurable.
Chronic tiredness - lacking energy and tired everyday.
Resentment towards others at home and at work.
Disconnection and isolation from those around you.
If you recognise these symptoms first seek professional medical help as you may need additional support including medical treatment or counselling.
Also now that this is a normal, human reaction to our body experiencing stress over a prolonged time without us listening to the many action signals you’ve been sending to yourself but ignoring. Burnout is simply the body saying enough is enough.
Now, the problem with burnout is once we address it and start to work out of it, it leaves a mental and emotional marker in our brain that means that it can, if we let it, affect our performance and our energy long term. You see as soon as you feel that overwhelm feeling your amygdala will send the message that you are in danger of going into burnout again and consequently it will affect your confidence and your ability to make decisions in your next level energy.
Don’t be alarmed though it can also be helpful as it will lower your tolerance for getting involved in other people’s nonsense, pleasing everyone else

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.178177
Retrieved Text: Clear Quartz encourages clarity of thought and purpose to one's heart and mind. It works on all levels of the energetic and physical bodies and resonates with all chakras. Crystal Quartz will amplify whatever stone it is paired with.
🧝‍♀️Story from Caroline: Even though this is Caroline's piece I've been wearing it daily. If you read my story of Iris then you know why I still feel the need to be protected from energy vampirism and psychic attack. After I had sold Iris I noticed the symptoms of psychic attack returning so I immediately grabbed Rubell from Caroline's collection and put her on a chain and I've been wearing her around my neck ever since. I have included a picture so you can see what a nice large size she is. So here is the story of Rubell from Caroline's Journal.
I love taking walks in the forest especially after it has rained the day before because the air is so fresh and clean and everything looks so new and shiny. I haven't been feeling well lately energy-wise. I almost feel as though something is draining the very life force out of me. I cannot quite figure out what it is but I know that it has caused me to sleep more than be awake. On this particular day as I was walking through the forest, I happen to notice that the sunset was causing a pink glow to go across the trees. It was simply stunning to watch the pink glow float across each branch. Just then

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.149712
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for a good way to boost your time each day? Adding several supplements to your meals are a simple way to acquire added energy levels during the day. You will find loads of merchandise available today so that you can choose from. These supplements vary from herbal, to caffeine, and beyond. Because of so many choices out on the market how do you choose what is right for you?
Caffeine items are the best and strongest approach to enhance your energy with one little shot. The downside... you will have a dip in levels of energy following the caffeine wears off and you might experience some shakiness depending on how sensitive bodies are to caffeine. Caffeine items are the most effective for individuals that drink coffee or energy drinks regularly and so are looking for the best easier cheaper way of getting the identical effect. You might need you, then caffeine is the road you need to go. They could be bought at any drugstore or supermarket and will provide you with about the same boost as a cup or a couple of coffee.
Herbal Products are most likely a bit much better and therefore are perfect for someone who is looking for an all-natural route that won't be too harsh on your body. Herbal supplements can be used daily and also have no damaging effects in your body. Definitely, b vitamin supplements are the best at providing energy. Vitamin b are among the most typical herbal ingredients in energy drinks because they are the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.117874
Retrieved Text: I worked with a psychic several years ago who had been answering questions about love from people for over 30 years. I asked if she ever got tired of answering the same questions over and over. She told me that she couldn’t think of a more honorable profession than helping people to understand about love in their lives. That has stuck with me!
What can psychics tell us about love? And how do they use the different tools to do that (e.g. horoscopes, numerology, tarot)?
A good psychic pulls information out of you that you can’t see because you’re trapped in your own energy and physical body. Every thought and emotion is energy. Psychics are very intuitive and gain insights by sensing what is in your energy. If we all were unconstrained by our own bodies, we would be our own intuitives.
Sometimes we can do the work to become more aware of our own energy and will start to have our own epiphanies. We can call those people “enlightened”. But for most of us, psychics are a way to tap into our own energy when we can’t.
Centuries of information exists about the affect of birth dates and times and the positions of the astronomical bodies on peoples lives. When you read your horoscope, you get a little snippet of a vast encyclopedia about you. When you have a professional astrologer create a chart for you, they will help you dive deeper into that information. They can help you to understand what phase of life you are in and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.116032
Retrieved Text: Would you say that you are someone who genuinely cares about the environment and you take the time out of your busy schedule every day to recycle your waste materials correctly and take care of the environment that you live in and you are always looking for new ways to save energy? Or are you trying to look into different ways that you can save energy because since summer began, you have been getting massive electricity bills and you want to find out if there is a way to reduce your energy consumption as a whole?Whatever the case may be, whether you are someone who genuinely cares about the environment and you make sure to take the time out of your busy schedule to recycle your materials correctly and also often research new innovative ways to save energy that you may have not thought about similar to the individual in the first example or if similar to the individual in the second example, you are simply looking for different ways to save energy because you have been getting large electricity bills every month ever since summer started, there is no doubt that as much as we want to preserve our natural resources, we still need energy, specifically electrical energy to survive. Whether you need energy to heat up your home because you live in an extremely cold area or if you need to cool down your car on a very hot summer day using the air conditioner in this car of yours to keep you comfortable

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.099442
Retrieved Text: Every situation in our lives has some sort of potential energy that is waiting to be discovered and tapped into. This can take the form of tension or unresolved conflict: 'I want this, but I also want that.' Merely focusing on the 'this' or the 'that' does not make for very exciting possibilities. But discovering and releasing that potential energy can lead to some very high-voltage results indeed. This chapter is about finding the hidden conflicts that motivate us all.
In physics, 'potential energy' is stored energy, energy that is waiting to be released. A tensely coiled spring is just waiting to explode outward and transform its potential energy into kinetic energy.
Melachy Welsh, a mentor of mine, teaches that the energy arising from tension is the force that moves society forward. All of us have needs, appetites, duties, and responsibilities that drive us through each day-from short-range issues ('What will I have for lunch?') to long-range ones ('How can I make my family's life better?'). These needs often pull us in a number of directions at once: I want to buy groceries for my family according to my own personal standards, and yet I'd like someone else to do the grunt work so that I can spend my time elsewhere. It seems that you can't have it both ways-you have to either invest a substantial amount of time in grocery expeditions or turn over the responsibility to someone else and take the risk that the task won't be completed in a way that satisfies you.
We'll come back

================



======= Instance Index 2458 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are dimmer or brighter ):

The hotter a main sequence star is, the brighter it is.


Stars that are colder are also dimmer or brighter?

Target Text: dimmer

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.808279
Retrieved Text: Depending on their temperature, stars differ in their colors. Although it sounds a bit counterintuitively, colder stars emit "warm" yellow light, whereas hot stars emit "colder" blueish light. Although it's not always that easy to see this color in photos, taking a photo with the lens out of focus makes the colors very clear, as can be seen in the example below.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.931942
Retrieved Text: Artist's rendering of the universe's first, massive, blue stars in gaseous filaments, with the cosmic microwave background (CMB) at the edges. Using radio observations of the distant universe, NSF-funded researchers Judd Bowman of Arizona State University, Alan Rogers of MIT, and others discovered the influence of such early stars on primordial gas. The team inferred the stars' presence from dimming of the CMB, a result of the gaseous filaments absorbing the stars' UV light. The CMB is dimmer than expected, indicating the filaments may have been colder than expected, possibly from interactions with dark matter.
This updated timeline of the universe reflects the recent discovery that the first stars emerged by 180 million years after the Big Bang. The research was conducted by Judd Bowman of Arizona State University and his colleagues, with funding from the National Science Foundation.
In a study published today in the journal Nature, astronomers from MIT and Arizona State University report that a table-sized radio antenna in a remote region of western Australia has picked up faint signals of hydrogen gas from the primordial universe.
They also determined that the gas was in a state that would have been possible only in the presence of the very first stars. These stars, blinking on for the first time in a universe that was previously devoid of light, emitted ultraviolet radiation that interacted with the surrounding hydrogen gas. As a result, hydrogen atoms across the universe began to absorb background radiation — a pivotal change that the scientists were able to detect in the form of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.528162
Retrieved Text: Ahhh, there is nothing quite as enchanting as the sparkle of stars. During the holiday season and winter when the daylight hours are shorter and the air is a bit colder, the twinkling of the stars can add some warmth and magic to your heart. So why not bring magic inside?!!!! We did! We love it!! We have a hunch that you will too. What’s our secret? Shhhhh….it is glitter star garland!!!
Remember how our designer used old documents, letters, ledger papers, billheads, receipts, advertisements, and labels in the mats and/or ribbon deals? Where She transformed all these vintage elements onto tea stained paper to bring us these thought through and precious pieces. Our sparkly stars are styled after these same old documents. They are generously sparkled and clustered into 11 groupings of three that stretch 8’!! We love the random star sizes, the ephemera and the glitter!
Drape the garland around your Christmas tree, along your mantel, the staircase, over doors, windows or even weave them into a chandelier. You can even incorporate them into your holiday table by wrapping them around evergreen garland and stretching it down the center of the table. Yup, we know. They are pure magic!
Beautifully crafted from wire with 33 different size stars (11 groupings of 3). The stars are covered with tea stained inspired paper and sparkling glitter.
Each garland is 96" long.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.096226
Retrieved Text: ODYSSEY batteries with series called Powersports features a rugged construction which is built to take constant pounding that comes with the environment – whether it’s a land sea or snow. This battery can handle it all, even toughest conditions.
At the time I looked for information this battery was reviewed by 18 users and most of them rated it 5 stars – maximum. 12 users gave it 5 stars, 2 users – 4 stars. 3 users – 3 stars and 1 user gave the lowest rating of 1 I checked why he gave the lowest and found out that he just did a mistake and this battery just couldn’t handle the need of power for his car, that means the battery is not guilty, it’s the user who bought a wrong battery for his car.
I’ve been running this battery for over 4 years in a cold climate in my Subaru WRX (2.0 L flat 4) without issue. The starter has started to sound a little weak on colder mornings, though so I just picked up a new one.
Great experience in cold weather and with heavy electrical loads. I have it installed on a BMW R1150GSA. Note that the battery does not come with any hardware to connect to the terminal. You will need screws and/or the terminal adapters. I purchased the L brackets for my install.
Also this battery is one of the most popular on Amazon and that also proves that it’s a quality product.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.73986
Retrieved Text: Although Ladakh is well-known as a biker’s paradise the route to Ladakh via Manali-Leh highway is considered to be a high volume thriller all by itself. Wriggling through cold deserts, colder rivers and rarefied air, bikers are challenged every moment by the tough undulating Himalayan terrain. The landscape changes every fifty odd kilometres from lush green forests in Himachal to dirt tracks reaching the edge of Tibet. The breath-taking views are also speckled with cultural delights like Buddhist monasteries and quaint mountain villages. At Frozen Himalayas we make this a memorable journey for you. You camp under the desert stars or enjoy the comfort of Ladakhi family guesthouses. After each day of exciting adventure they provide perfect rest to tired bones and machines.
High passes, deep valleys, rough roads, true adventure!
1-800-gambler.org are you a compulsive gambler council on compulsive gambling of nj, inc.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.549006
Retrieved Text: Well let's just thank our lucky stars that it is not colder. We have some crazy weather on the way that seems to bring home the phrase "March comes in like a lion". Let's hope that it goes out like a lamb.
The National Weather Service has issued a Flood Watch from Friday morning through Saturday morning.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.504784
Retrieved Text: .With school holidays on the way and it getting colder and colder outside, there’s nothing better than relaxing with some good films for Christmas!
And definitely one to keep an eye out for is the very funny family film Mr Popper’s Penguins.
Out on 12th December from Blu-ray Triple Play and DVD, the film stars Jim Carrey as the uptight and pompous Mr Popper who finds himself having to look after six cute but very naughty penguins!
Safe to say they cause the businessman a fair amount of problems as he tries to carry on with his life and work which involves taking the precious Tavern on the Green restaurant away from a lady called Selma.
However, the penguins begin making him realise that he might need to change his ways as he begins to fall in love with family all over again.
Mr Popper’s Penguins is out from 12th December on Blu-ray Triple Play and DVD, courtesy of Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment.
There’s also tons of extras on the Blu-ray Triple Play for you to enjoy after the film, including the short film Nimrod and Stinky’s Antarctic Adventure, deleted scenes and lots of special featurettes.
Click here to find out more and pre-order your copy!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.472757
Retrieved Text: The last light has gone. The stars are coming out in the black sea above. Many are hidden by ice-fingered winds. My father is still not returned and the fire is almost gone.
But this is how life is: always an edge. A thin sheet on a diving-deep pool.
I hope he will return soon. I cannot summon him.
The Colder Light is a short story playable entirely without a keyboard.
As I continue my beginner's journey into the worlds of interactive fiction, I am learning that I am a purist in some respects. When I open an interactive fiction that includes pictures or music, I find myself disengaged and a bit annoyed. When I'm told I have to play in a browser and I find that I can't type in my own commands, I am a bit taken aback. (What do you mean, I can't play offline? So you're saying I can't save and restore?) The first time I visited the page where The Colder Light is hosted, I didn't give the game a chance. I didn't like the fact that the commands would be dictated to me. It felt passive. Something about going through the process of typing in my own commands is preferable to me. It slows me down. It gives me time to think. It gives me a sense of control and immersion.
All that said, as I was browsing IFDB last night looking for games to add to my queue, the name Jon Ingold kept coming up in my search results. I downloaded a few of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.235693
Retrieved Text: You can now show your patriotism with your FITS in the popular Fits Performance Trail Stars & Bars Quarter Socks. The high cuff is a built-in scree-guard that helps keep out the trail while you're trail running. Below the cuff is a vented lower that increases breathability during highly aerobic activities. Similar to the Light Performance trail but designed in a medium weight for colder weather.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.151361
Retrieved Text: The brightest star in the → Pleiades, located in the constellation → Taurus. → Apparent visual magnitude 2.87, → spectral type B7 III.
In Gk. mythology, a daughter of Aelous who, with her husband, Ceyx, was transformed into a kingfisher.
Nayyer-e Sorayyâ "the bight of the Pleiades," from Ar. nayyir "luminous" + Thorayyâ "the Pleiades".
Raxšân-e Parvin "the bight of the Pleiades," from Mod.Pers. raxšân "bright, luminous" + Parvin "the Pleiades".
Meteo.: A weather phenomenon associated with atmospheric high pressure. In the Northern Hemisphere an anticyclone rotates in the clockwise direction. The rotation is caused by the movement of colder higher pressure air that is moving away from the poles toward the equator being affected by the rotation of the Earth.
A constituent part; an individual part of an organized whole.
One of two or more vectors having a sum equal to a given vector.
L. componentem, pr.p. of componere "to put together," → compose.
Hamneh from ham- "together," → com- + neh present tense stem of nehâdan "to put, place," → compose.
Same as → convective zone.
A zone inside a star in which → convection takes place; the central → core in → massive stars and the zone underneath → photosphere in low mass stars like the Sun. Recent works predict the presence of a thin convection zone in sufficiently massive main sequence stars which originates from the iron opacity and partial helium ionization. See also → iron convection zone.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.111458
Retrieved Text: Young planets are on the move — they may be born far from their stars but quickly move closer. Some may get too close — they may fall into the star and be destroyed.
Astronomers at McDonald Observatory are trying to find out how often young planets wander so dramatically. They’re looking for giant planets in distant orbits — arrangements that are similar to our own solar system.
Most of the planets discovered in other star systems are quite close in. That includes many planets that resemble Jupiter, the giant of the solar system.
But there’s a problem with that layout.
Giant planets probably grow so large by first amassing chunks of rock and ice to build a heavy core. The gravity of that core then quickly sweeps up vast amounts of gas left over from the star’s birth.
But a star’s heat and winds prevent that process from playing out close to the star itself. So a giant planet must form away from the star, where it’s colder. Interactions with the remaining gas and with other planets may slow it down, causing it to spiral closer. Small planets that are born close to the star may even fall into it.
The McDonald project is trying to determine how common it is for giant planets to remain far from their stars. The astronomers can then look for a common factor that may allow giant planets to remain far away. That will provide a better understanding of the evolution of all planetary systems — including the ones where the young planets don’t stay

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.895216
Retrieved Text: Had I not been the one that had to take the time to fix it... I would have thought it was pretty funny too.
Hit me up on Steam: "Joshimitsu91"
This is a little confusing You can add stuff as the simulation is running and it does act accordingly...?
Maybe some sort of terrain/atmosphere/weather change if you knock "habitable" planets/etc out of orbit. Like, say you knock Earth out of orbit, or out of range of the sun, it becomes noticeably colder/frozen or something. And, also, given enough time in the program, perhaps they could add actual deaths of the stars. Supernovas, etc. And also maybe add random star births along a certain timeline as well. That would be pretty cool.
This and unlimited detail just marks the day the matrix became real.
And imagine playing with a real scale galaxy collision.
I think only a supercomputer can run that. Of course, since it's procedural, it may not.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.80129
Retrieved Text: By sheer volume, I can say that the city of Dubai has reached a saturation point for Italian cuisine.
After some careful estimation (looked it up on Zomato) there are more than 750 Italian restaurants just in Dubai. Throw that out to the broader Emirates, and that number goes above 1,000.
While I have not visited all of them, I can pretty much guarantee each serves pizza and pasta “just like mama used to make”, plates will be served on red and white checkerboard tablecloths, and there will be at least one man (probably not from Italy) who goes by the name of ‘Mario’.
That makes the Italian restaurant trade incredibly competitive here, and for any Italian to stand out, it needs to go above and beyond the oft flaunted stereotypes of ‘typical’ Italian cuisine, which is surely a bit of a concern for the likes of the Ritz-Carlton’s trademark Italian eatery, Splendido.
In the ridiculously competitive game of Italian food, does it do enough to sate the city’s diners (most of whom are already gorged-full of the stuff)?
Splendido Dubai: what’s the vibe?
Splendido is very Italian - no bad thing, all things considered. The staff are mostly Italian (or they feign it fantastically well), and the service has been dialled up a notch to reflect that this is a restaurant inside one of Dubai’s best resorts.
Walk through the big wooden double doors in the colder months, and you might be a tad disappointed to see an almost empty dining room and bar area. That’s because anyone and everyone should sit

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.759483
Retrieved Text: Golden Wonder looks like a lovely gold wrapped gift box with a cream bow tied on top. It’s actually quite large.
It fizzed really well and instantly surprised me with the fact that it was hiding a wonderful teal, blue inside, along with gold stars! Mine also had smaller balls of yellow and purple that were a little slower at dissolving and floated along on the top fo the water.
At first, I thought the little stars were solid glitter and was a little concerned about how hard they would be, but they dissolved into microparticles of gold shimmer. So very impressed with all the little details put into this bath bomb.
Orange and Lime oil create a very sweet, but refreshing smell that was very relaxing and helped clear my head without the smell overpowering me. My skin felt fantastic afterwards and I enjoyed lying back with a face mask on.
I felt guilty pulling the plug on this bath bomb, it was a quick favourite for me and is up there with my all-time fave Lush bath bomb Twilight. I will be buying a few of these to stick in my every growing Lush drawer(s) for those colder months when I need something decadent to relax in.
Have you got your eye on anything from the Lush Christmas 2016 collection?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.710436
Retrieved Text: If you are searching for a choice to air conditioning, an evaporative air colder, likewise referred to as an overload cooler is a superb alternative. They are a reduced maintenance, energy-efficient, simple to set up and affordable method to cool your location. Also referred to as a desert colder, this approach makes use of a quarter of the energy used by refrigerated ac unit. For that reason the price to operate an evaporative cooler or overload cooler is relatively less expensive. The desert colder or swamp cooler makes use of an easy technology, being composed mostly of a water pump as well as a fan. As the old stating goes occasionally much less is much more. Many individuals that make use of these coolers assert that the air is fresher than that of cooled air conditioning unit.
If your goal is to save cash on your utility costs, and decrease your air conditioning costs, then an air cooler is very advised for your air conditioning needs. There are some additional bonus offers to utilizing an evaporative colder or swamp cooler. With this cooling technique, not will you see a reduction coolair preço in your electric costs; you will certainly be utilizing a cooling method that does not make use of dangerous chemicals that are harmful to the environment and also the ozone. these kinds of coolers cool your home in a lot more all-natural method, making use of warm as well as moisture. Several systems have functions that help reduce pollen as well as dust. With an

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.569649
Retrieved Text: bird bath and it works just perfectly. So glad that I bought this product!
This heater works great. It has been in operation keeping the bird bath from freezing for over a month now and it does a great job and the birds love it. We have allot more activity at our bird feeders because of it. A couple of times the water had dried up and it shuts down then. We would recommend this product.
I use these for my dogs water in the winter. Used them for livestock. They are actually birdbath heaters and safe in plastic. Great emergency things to have!
Works really well. Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the cord is super short and I had to spend $20 to extend it while also water proofing the connection.
I bought this for our second birdbath and have been using it since mid December 2015. Heats up a little more than my other birdbath heater so the water evaporates faster. Overall a good product.
it would impair the heating ability and the third one couldn't keep my birdbath free of ice if it was colder than minus 10 C.
This one is perfect (so far). Easy to clean and heavy enough to stay submerged.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.528404
Retrieved Text: The Winter Hexagon outlined in the night sky. The brightest “star” inside is Mars, just passing through. Orion’s three-star belt is near the hexagon’s lower corner; his foot, Rigel, is the bottommost star. Clockwise from there are Sirius, Procyon, Pollux and Castor, Capella, and Aldebaran. Betelgeuse is inside the hexagon, above Orion’s belt.
Photo by Stefan Seip, astromeeting.de.
Sure, the nights are getting colder, but if you like looking at the stars, there’s no better time than winter. Early sunsets mean you get in more stargazing and can still get to bed on time. When it’s not raining, the sky tends to be clearer in the winter. And, because of the tilt of the earth’s axis, some of the brightest stars in the sky are visible to us only in the winter.
Get Out: The great thing about stargazing is you can do it anywhere there’s a clear view of the night sky. Of course the less city light, the better. But even in town, you can help scientists study light pollution by participating in the Great World Wide Star Count, October 14-28. Just go outside after dark, count the stars you see in the constellation Cygnus (the swan), and report back online [info at http://bit.ly/okukel].
Viewing stars through a telescope is always exciting. The biggest telescopes are at observatories, and we’re lucky to have quite a few in the Bay Area that offer viewing when skies are clear. In the North Bay, Sugarloaf Ridge State Park’s Robert Ferguson Observatory offers monthly stargazing [rfo.org, (707)833-6979]. Or head to Oakland’s Chabot

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.296444
Retrieved Text: After two long years, Disney On Ice returns! For the first time ever in Dayton, discover the full story of Disney’s Frozen like never before at Disney On Ice presents Frozen! Join Anna as Olaf, Kristoff and Sven help her find Elsa and bring back summer.
Hosted by Mickey and Minnie, delight in unforgettable music and special appearances by favorite Disney stars. Create memories to last a lifetime at the show worth melting for!
Attention show attendees: It is advised that you bring an extra layer of clothing as the arena will be colder than normal because of the ice. Having proper clothing will make for a more comfortable, enjoyable experience for all.
Purchase tickets online through Ticketmaster.
Prices start at $15.00 or $20.00 (depending on the performance) and are subject to change without notice.
Ages 2 and over need a ticket for entry.
Doors will open one hour prior to performance time.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.274137
Retrieved Text: A merry, festal time of year is approaching. The colder season gives everyone an excuse to show off their holiday gear. The year of 2015 is all about bigger, better, and cost efficient. One way to do this is making your own ornaments.
Stars and the nighttime are ethereal parts of Christmas. Add one of nature’s gifts into the house as a simple, yet festive decoration.
Click here on how to make these stars for your home.
Click here for the steps to make your own whimsical wreath!
Make these adorable penguins that are perfect for perching on any flat surface. Look at how cute their little feet wobble.
Easily spruce up these little pinecones with some leftover yarn.
Snowflakes are intricate decorations that brighten up living rooms or windows. They can be made with the kids for a nice family activity. Each snowflake is unique, so see what style you are by creating your own.
Click here for an easy tutorial on how to cut your own snowflakes.
Or watch this tutorial on YouTube for a step-by-step instruction.
Christmas trees have their own very unique styles. For the year of 2015, add your own flair with these decorating ideas in courtesy of Pinterest. Sick of the normal red, white, and occasional blue trees? Opt for a vibrant pink or purple tree and decorate it with your favorite toys or your kid’s pictures. Easily transform your tree into a snowman by switching the usual star topper with the friendly Frosty the Snowman.
Bounce off ideas with friends or get together with your coworkers for a hot

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.153938
Retrieved Text: Why Are Stars Different Colors?
Stars are beautiful, wondrous things. Much like planets, planetoids and other stellar bodies, they come in many sizes, shapes, and even colors. And over the course of many centuries, astronomers have come to discern several different types of stars based on these fundamental characteristics.
For instance, the color of a star – which varies from bluish-white and yellow to orange and red – is primarily due to its composition and effective temperature. And at all times, stars emit light which is a combination of several different wavelengths. On top of that, the color of a star can change over time.
Different elements emit different wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation when heated. In the case of stars, his includes its main constituents (hydrogen and helium), but also the various trace elements that make it up. The color that we see is the combination of these different electromagnetic wavelengths, which are referred to as as a Planck’s curve.
The wavelength at which a star emits the most light is called the star’s “peak wavelength” (which known as Wien’s Law), which is the peak of its Planck curve. However, how that light appears to the human eye is also mitigated by the contributions of the other parts of its Planck curve.
In short, when the various colors of the spectrum are combined, they appear white to the naked eye. This will make the apparent color of the star appear lighter than where star’s peak wavelength falls on the color spectrum. Consider our Sun. Despite the fact that its peak emission

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.143272
Retrieved Text: Greenland had much less snow cover a thousand years ago than now. The Vikings were able to live there and raise cattle etc. Then it gradually got colder and snow-covered year round and they had to leave their colony there. The greenhouse effect can't happen unless something stops convection or air circulation. The runaway greenhouse theory comes from the idea that Venus is now so hot because it's atmosphere is mostly CO2. But that's not why it's hot. Venus is rapidly cooling, not heating up. It's hot because it's a young planet. Planets form by fissioning off of larger planets or stars. Lots of theories in astronomy are wrong, because they don't take electrical forces into account. Over 99% of the universe is plasma, which is ionized matter, which is electrically charged. So electrical forces need to be considered. A good site on this is www.thunderbolts.info. Aloha. LKINDR@yahoo.com.
The study about climate has been advanced a lot from the traditional ways. Today, we have satellites that provide us necessary information about these facts.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.07218
Retrieved Text: Overnight stay at our camp after your day tour - price is discounted and included in your tour package price.
Overnight stay at our camp the night before your tour - price is 35JD per person.
​Hospitality is an important part of Bedouin culture. Whether you arrive at the camp after a day tour in the desert, or straight from Wadi Rum village in the late afternoon, we try to do everything possible to make your stay at our desert camp comfortable and enjoyable.
​We will take you to your sleeping tent, show you around, and provide a welcoming cup of tea.
You can explore our camp area, sit on the sand hills not far from the sleeping tents, climb a small mountain to watch the sunset in the quiet, or relax in the shaded area outside the big tent.
Dinner and breakfast are included in the price.
Breakfast is served at 7.00am.
After dinner, we sit around a fire, and talk about our life in the Wadi Rum desert. In summer, the fire is outside in the warm open air. In winter, the fire is inside the Bedouin tent. We will answer your questions about our culture, and maybe sing a song or two.
As it gets dark the awe-inspiring night sky of the desert, filled with billions of stars, gradually appears. You can relax by the fire and gaze at the shooting stars, the planets, constellations, and the Milky Way. With clear views to the north, our camp is in a great location for time-lapse photos of the stars circling Polaris, the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.007025
Retrieved Text: Muggles will never fail to critique that Canberra lacks a sandy meeting point of land and sea. It kills me. Canberra doesn't need a beach. We've got quite a list of things going for us.. don't you worry.
The Sands - Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce you to the notorious Casuarina Sands. The Sands are a treasure. Sure we have cold cosy winters, but when the sun comes to visit, my friends and I head 20 minutes south to the Cotter Reserve and collect the vitamins and fermented carbs we've been lacking during the colder months.
It's just the greatest place to spend a summer. It's like a beach, but with rope swings. It's a Canberran gem. My high school friends and I have more than embraced it, and I think others should too. The Cotter campground is a 10 minute walk away so I'd recommend bringing a tent along and spending the night. Bring lots of wine! The long walk across the one way bridge is beautiful while strolling somewhat intoxicated under the stars. Play safe.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.006937
Retrieved Text: Both Thierry Lasry and Garrett Leight are stars in the world of eyewear design, so when you combine their fashion-forward forces, the results are unsurprisingly staggering. But don’t take our word for it, peep the posh spectacles for yourself! Shown above, these acetate pairs were made to stand out in a sea of lackluster shades.
Inspired by Lasry and Leight’s respective cities, Paris and Los Angeles, this series blends European panache with Angeleno flair for a modish look. Though designed with summertime in mind, each pair will carry over swimmingly into the colder months as well—sport them to add unexpected pizzazz to fall’s darker palette! Offering two handmade frames and five far-out colors, this collection provides shade for fashionistas of every sort—which pair will you pick?
Availability: Thierry Lasry x Garrett Leight Sunglasses ($445, available this month at Openingceremony.us). For additional information, visit Thierrylasry.com.
P.S. Summer vacay on the horizon? Jet-set in one of these 20 getaway gets!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.001625
Retrieved Text: When it comes to lazing around in style and luxury, the most expensive swimming pools fit the bill with élan. While the some of the costliest of pools adorn the magnificent residences of business tycoons yet the others are constructed in stellar hotels or resorts for public use.
These most expensive models are some of the most phenomenal constructions made from a wide array of plush materials such as mosaic, marble and gold-embellished tiles. Sometimes, it’s the use of cutting-edge technology deployed in the pools is the major factor behind the high price tag. Here is the list on the most expensive pools.
This mega pool is located at Egypt’s one of the famous resorts City of Stars. Renowned pool company Crystal Lagoons is behind this plushest swimming space which the largest swimming pool of the world as well with an area of 8.5 hectares. Apart from swimming, the residents can even enjoy a boat ride here.
Before City of Stars, this was the largest swimming pool of the world with an area of over 20 acres. It’s located in Chile’s popular resort town Algarrobo and allows both swimming and boat ride for the guests. The pool has been filled with more than 66 gallons of ocean water which has purified by an advanced salt-water filter technology.
The Ocean Dome is the stunning indoor pool of Japan’s Miyazaki resort and is also the world’s biggest indoor pool. It covers around 1,000 ft in length & 328 ft in width. Covered by retractable roof, the pool basks in warm sun glory

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.962756
Retrieved Text: It was a chilly night that just kept getting colder as the sun set in Lisle Saturday night. The Red Stars were set to welcome Megan Rapinoe and Seattle Reign FC for the first match in Chicago’s 2015 campaign. It felt like a quiet night at the start, but as soon as the cobwebs fell off, it quickly turned into a shootout.
The first 30 minutes were mostly in the midfield with no real chances at either end, but shortly after, the game opened up in a big way. Seattle hit the scoreboard in the 31st minute first with Rapinoe sending in a corner that Chicago keeper Karina LeBlanc would see sail past her fingers (unfortunately a theme on the night) and would then be directed in by Beverly Yanez. The Red Stars answered almost instantly when Christen Press was fed after a strong run and the shot was slotted coolly past Hope Solo in the Seattle box for the equalizer.
UPDATE: According to this tweet from Chicago Local 134, there will be pizza and beer at the tailgate with a suggested donation of $5.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.902037
Retrieved Text: A hub of fitness and community, Glendoveer Golf Course and Nature Trail has something for almost everybody. Beginning golfers often start with the relatively flat, par-71 west course; experienced players take on hills and bunkers at the par-73 east course. A covered driving range is heated during colder months. Play a round of FootGolf, the innovative sport that combines soccer and golf. Try out your skills on the same holes played by Major League Soccer All-Stars. Or enjoy a leisurely stroll on the tree-lined trail ringing the 231-acre site.
Reserve one of four indoor tennis courts or sign up for lessons.
Play a round of FootGolf.
Enjoy the two-mile nature trail.
The golf course is open from 6 a.m. to 9:30 p.m.
Reservations are suggested but are not required. Reserve a tee time online or call 503-253-7507.
Dogs are not allowed because they can damage sensitive habitat and threaten wildlife.
By bike: Use bike lanes to travel east on Burnside or Glisan streets to 148th Avenue. Bicycling is not allowed on the fitness trail, but bike racks are available.
Visit playglendoveer.com for more information or call the Pro Shop at 503-253-7507.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.816513
Retrieved Text: Photography is one of the main hobbies here at Halley, but as the light fades more and more it becomes challenging. However, with perseverance the results can be spectacular.
Timing is important, not only in the correct exposure for your shots but also the orientation of the stars and the weather being right.
This shot took several attempts, some shots were obstructed by fog, some shots the aurora was so intense you couldn't see the stars! In the end this shot was taken on a bit of a whim, early in the morning before work. It's actually two photographs, merged together to get the detail in the Milky Way and the correct exposure for the modules.
Of course when the aurora is putting on a display you have to get out no matter how cold it is. The picture below shows the wintering team out in force even though it's -40°C with a 10 knot wind making it -50°C with wind chill.
Sometimes one photo just isn't enough. I've recently been doing some timelapse photography using a battery box that I made. This battery box consists of four high capacity 12V batteries, which is connected to a voltage regulation circuit that I put together with the help of one of our electronic engineers, Ross. This regulates the voltage down to 9V which I can connect directly to my Nikon D7100 and D750 cameras via a connector I installed in the battery grip.
Once set up, the camera can last for hours and once processed the end result is superb. I can't

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.783139
Retrieved Text: 2 days from 7 days in Morocco, we spent in the Erg-Shebi desert near the city Merzouga. This is the Western Sahara. Part with dunes occupied an area from ​​22 to 5 km. The sand is very shallow and has a bright red brick colorю Bright blue sky in the afternoon, and millions of stars in the black sky at night. Unreal contrast and silence, in which you can hear how the wind plays with sand and every second changes landscape imperceptibly to the eyes. But this, not quenched, wind power eventually changes the landscape, transferring the dunes from one place to another, wiping traces of camels and people.
The whole report you can read here.
Our luxery camp. In each tent there are large bed, table, a socket, a toilet and a shower with hot water. The floors are carpeted, the blankets are very very warm, for heating in the wintertime there is a gas burner.
Moroccan tea with mint and peanuts as a compliment from the camp.
On the territory of the camp there are such places for rest, a common tent, where you have breakfasts, lunches and dinners in winter. In the summer tables are put on the sand - you eat among the dunes). There is also a place for campfire, where you can listen to Berber songs in the evening and dance around the fire.
We were in the first days of January. In the day the temperature reached +20, but it seemes hotter on the sun, specially when you walk in dunes, up to the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.77792
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the terms used to describe the planets beyond our solar system need more explanation. Below are some of the more common words and phrases you might run across.
A planet orbiting a star other than our sun; also called “extrasolar planet”.
The range of orbital distance from a star at which temperatures would allow liquid water to exist on the surface of a planet with sufficient atmosphere. This range of distance changes depending on the size and temperature of the star. Earth is in the habitable zone of the sun, one of the reasons our planet has liquid water like oceans and lakes.
When a celestial body, such as a planet or moon, always has one side facing the body it orbits, such as a star or planet. A tidally-locked planet has a day side facing the heat of its star, and a colder night side facing away. Tidal forces and the star’s gravity “lock” the planet, so that its orbital period is equal to its rotation period.
A class of small, relatively cool stars, emitting dim, red light. They are the most common type of star, comprising about 75 percent of all stars in the galaxy.
The distance light travels in one year, about 5.88 trillion miles (about 9.5 trillion kilometers).
One of the most common types of exoplanets discovered so far, with a mass between that of Earth and Neptune. The properties of such planets are largely unknown.
The curving, repeating path of an object, such as a satellite, moon or planet, around a space body such as a moon,

================



======= Instance Index 2573 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are mountains or valleys. ):

Air pressure is less at higher elevations.


Air pressure is higher in the mountains or valleys.?

Target Text: valleys.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.836622
Retrieved Text: Warm air is less dense than cold air, but the pressure is greater--and vice versa.
I had the pressure part backwards. It makes a big difference in aviation because if you fly from an area of warm air into one of colder air, your barometric altimeter is going to indicate that you're farther from the ground that you really are. That is, you'll be lower than you think by looking at the altimeter. Or as the pilot saying goes, "From high to low, watch out below!" The expanded version doesn't scan, but it accounts for temperature, too: "From high to low and hot to cold, watch out below!"
It's the "hot to cold" part that I had backwards. I'd been thinking--erroneously--that because warm air is less dense than cold air, the pressure would be less. In order to get it straight, I had to think of it as if the air were contained in a rigid container. In that case, raising the temperature would increase the air pressure inside the container. But I still don't really understand how it works in free, uncontained air--just that it happens.
When pressure gets lower, altimeter indicates higher or airplane goes lower.
When pressure gets higher, altimeter indicates lower or airplane goes higher.
When temperature gets lower (and density gets higher and pressure gets lower), altimeter indicates higher or airplane goes lower.
When temperature gets higher (and density gets lower and pressure gets higher), altimeter indicates lower or airplane goes higher.
I can say that, but I don't feel it in my bones yet.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.23398
Retrieved Text: RPTUB24-CA 24" Aluminum Propeller Fan For Applications Requiring Large Air Volumes In Commercial & Industrial Applications which have higher static pressure. Motor & drives are outside the airstream. Lead Time 3 Weeks.
RPTUB30-CA 30" Aluminum Propeller Fan For Applications Requiring Large Air Volumes In Commercial & Industrial Applications which have higher static pressure. Motor & drives are outside the airstream. Lead Time 3 Weeks.
RPTUB36-CA 36" Aluminum Propeller Fan For Applications Requiring Large Air Volumes In Commercial & Industrial Applications which have higher static pressure. Motor & drives are outside the airstream. Lead Time 3 Weeks.
RPTUB42-CA 42" Aluminum Propeller Fan For Applications Requiring Large Air Volumes In Commercial & Industrial Applications which have higher static pressure. Motor & drives are outside the airstream. Lead Time 3 Weeks.
RPTUB48-CA 48" Aluminum Propeller Fan For Applications Requiring Large Air Volumes In Commercial & Industrial Applications which have higher static pressure. Motor & drives are outside the airstream. Lead Time 3 Weeks.
RPTUB54-CA 54" Aluminum Propeller Fan For Applications Requiring Large Air Volumes In Commercial & Industrial Applications which have higher static pressure. Motor & drives are outside the airstream. Lead Time 3 Weeks.
RPTUB60-CA 60" Aluminum Propeller Fan For Applications Requiring Large Air Volumes In Commercial & Industrial Applications which have higher static pressure. Motor & drives are outside the airstream. Lead Time 3 Weeks.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.130024
Retrieved Text: An air system is formed by one or two air compressors, the air tank and accessories like fittings, hose, pressure gauge and switch. These systems can be used on many applications that required compressed air such as air horns, air bags and air tools.
A mechanical device that increase the pressure of air by reducing its volume. Vixen Horns compressors have two main components: an electric motor body, and a piston assembly. The electric motor runs on a 12V power supply to drive the piston. Air is obtained from the atmosphere and pumps it into the air tank. These compressors are compact, efficient and require very little or no maintenance.
Refers to the amount of time a compressor can be operated in a given time period (usually 1 Hour), at 100 PSI and standard ambient temperature of 72°F. Because of the heat compressors produces during the duty cycle is necessary for them to stop to cool down in order to continue operation. Low duty cycle compressors will have higher CFM output, perfect for burst applications such as train horns while high duty cycle compressors of the same class will have a lower CFM output, which is good for constant slow fill applications like air bags.
Represent the maximum pressure the compressor can produce in the air tank during normal wear. A pressure switch is used always in conjunction with the air compressor and his cut-off pressure must never be higher than the maximum working pressure of the compressor.
Compress air volume produced by the compressor, typically measured at two different

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.786503
Retrieved Text: Higher air pressure gives lower sea levels: an increase in air pressure of 1 hPa lowers the water level by 1 cm.
Sea level varies from day to day and week to week, depending on the weather situation. Air pressure has a direct influence on the sea level.
High air pressure exerts a force on the surroundings and results in water movement. So high air pressure over a sea area corresponds to low sea level and conversely low air pressure (a depression) results in higher sea levels. This is called the inverse barometer effect.
The average sea level during a year is 0 cmPGA and the average air pressure is 1013 hPa. Since the air pressure normally varies between 950 and 1050 hPa during a year, the expected variation in sea level due to air pressure is between +63 cm and -37 cm around mean sea level.
Water levels at a particular location are not only affected by the local air pressure but also by other factors, so this simple correlation is rarely observed.
Sea levels in north-western Europe are often high during autumn and winter when there are frequent depressions and strong westerly winds, but low during the spring and summer when high pressure and gentle winds dominate.
The sea surface on the Baltic can slope significantly both from north to south and from west to east. Deep low pressure passages over the Bothnian Bay, combined with high pressure over the southern Baltic can create sea level differences of up to 2 m.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.635803
Retrieved Text: What is a barometer, how does it work, and why is it useful in predicting the weather?
A barometer measures air pressure by examining the forces that air exerts on surfaces. The higher the air pressure, the more force air will exert on a certain surface. Most barometers compare the present air pressure with a known pressure by putting those two pressures on opposite sides of a flexible surface. The higher the air pressure, the more that surface will bend away from it. You can make a simple barometer by inserting a drinking straw in narrow-mouthed jar that’s half full of water and by sealing the neck of the jar around the straw (with a rubber stopper, wax, or glue). Make sure that the end of the straw is immersed in the water and that the water level in the straw is above the top of the jar. As the outside air pressure decreases, the trapped air inside the jar will push the water farther up the straw. As the air pressure increases, it will push the water farther down the straw. Try to keep your barometer’s temperature constant, because temperature will also affect its water level. You can use your barometer to predict the weather (somewhat) because storms tend to be accompanied by lower air pressures.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.323034
Retrieved Text: Lay a row of naked straws parallel to each other on a smooth tabletop. Place two empty soda cans on the straws about an inch apart. Lower your nose to the cans and blow hard through the space between the two cans and *clink* they should roll toward each other and touch!
Why does this happen? When air moves, the pressure decreases. This creates a lower (relative to the surrounding air) air pressure pocket right between the cans. Recall that higher pressure pushes, and thus the cans clink together. Just remember – whenever there’s a difference in pressure, the higher pressure pushes.
What kinds of questions can you ask about this project? For example: What types of cans work and don’t work? How much air pressure you you really need – would a hair dryer be a better choice?
Thanks for posting such wonderful ideas to get kids excited about science!! This one is such a great experiment demonstrating Bernoulli’s principle! I used windbags in my classroom to teach this same concept on the movement of air!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.313686
Retrieved Text: Our Earth is surrounded by a thin blanket of breathable gas. We call this our atmosphere. Without it, there would (probably) be no life. Amongst many things, our atmosphere contains the oxygen we breathe, the gases we exhale (that the plants and trees then use), and water vapour that creates our precipitation. It protects our planet from cosmic rays and all but the largest of meteors.
The atmosphere keeps our planet warm, and buffers us from becoming too hot or too cold. It produces winds and weather to circulate and mix everything around.
Whilst it’s easy to think of air as ‘weightless’, this is not true. The air we breathe has very measurable mass*, and it’s this mass, and gravity, that keeps it attached to our planet!
It might surprise you to learn that air, actually, is quite a lot heavier than you think. On the surface of the Earth, at sea level, you are standing at the bottom of an entire ocean of air. The force of all the air above your head pushing down creates pressure.
*The total mass of air in the atmosphere is approximately 5 quadrillion metric tons! That’s about one millionth of the mass of the rest of the planet.
Pressure is the measure of Force per unit area. The average atmospheric pressure at sea level is 101,325 N/m2.
(One Newton per Metre Squared is given the unit One Pascal, after the French physicist Blaise Pascal).
For my non-metric readers, this is approximately 14.7 pounds over every square inch (PSI).
If you have a table, at sea level, which

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.258682
Retrieved Text: What Is a Plenum on an Intake Manifold?
An intake manifold refers to an engine part that supplies the air and fuel mixture to the cylinders. Intake manifold plenums facilitate the distribution of this mixture.
The intake manifold’s primary function is to transfer the air and fuel combustion mixture to the intake ports contained in each cylinder head. This distribution optimizes engine performance and efficiency. The intake manifold must contain higher pressure than the outlet, which is provided by the cylinders during the intake stroke. This higher pressure is produced by an air enclosure, or chamber, called the plenum.
Intake manifolds contain runners, or tubes that extend to the cylinder head intake ports from the plenum. The runners take up a smaller section of the plenum surface than the inlet, thereby aerodynamically supplying air to the plenum.
Intake manifold runners take advantage of the Helmholtz Resonance phenomenon, which results in air resonance in a cavity, such as the plenum. When a valve closes, air outside of the valve compresses against it, created a pocket of high pressure. This pressure equalizes with lower pressure in the plenum, which creates cycles, or pulses, of oscillation. This enables the plenum to operate at a high volumetric efficiency when equalizing air flow to the engine cylinders.
What Is SCFM on an Air Compressor?
What Is the Function of a Fuel Injector?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.220928
Retrieved Text: What Is The Pressure Regulator For?
You are here: Home / What Is The Pressure Regulator For?
Whether you know it as the pressure adjustment valve, or as I and many others call it, the pressure regulator, why is there one on a compressor and what is the pressure regulator for?
You’ll spot the regulator. It is normally in the line on the air compressor through which tank air to flow from the compressor tank to the coupler into which connector on the air line is inserted. Once inserted into the coupler, the connector opens the coupler internal check, and air can flow into the air line.
The pressure regulator will look similar to the one shown on this page, though, on many smaller air compressors, the only part of the regulator that might be seen is the adjustment knob.
When the compressor runs to fill the tank, once the tank is full, the compressor shuts off. Depending on the make of air compressor, the air in the tank might be at 125 PSI, maybe 150 PSI or even, on some compressors, 200 PSI.
There are very few air-using tools that require air at those pressures to work properly. In fact, by supplying too high an air pressure to the air tool, not only will it waste air, but it could also lead to early maintenance issues with the air tool.
The device that is used to REDUCE the tank pressure level to a pressure that is more suitable for the use is the pressure regulator.
The compressor pressure regulator allows the user to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.185614
Retrieved Text: Pressure booster (or intensifier) in three different sizes with 2:1 pressure ratio. The pressure booster uses compressed air to provide air at a higher pressure than the supply.
This range of pressure boosters is fully automatic - to operate just connect it to the compressed air line. By means of an internal circuit kt keeps on pumping till the down stream pressure reaches a value double the inlet pressure. The downstream circuit pressure is maintained even in the absence of inlet pressure.
Available with or without pressure regulator.
* Time to fill 10 litre tank to double the inlet pressure.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.132486
Retrieved Text: Pressure relief care is one of the foremost concerns of any care environment as they look to ensure pressure ulcer risk in bedridden and low mobility patients is decreased.
Hospital air mattresses or pressure relieving mattresses offer higher degrees of protection for the most vulnerable patients who may be at very high risk of pressure ulcers or whom may already be suffering from existing pressure damage. These air mattresses are more advanced and alternating air cells to alleviate pressure. Typically supporting the patients weight on the inflated cell whilst every second air cell is deflated to provide support and pressure relief in specific areas of the patient's body.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.099695
Retrieved Text: A supercharger needs power to operate. This power comes from the engine itself. The supercharger, also called a centrifugal compressor, draws air through an inlet. It compresses this air and sends it into the engine.
Superchargers are devices used in reciprocating (internal combustion) engines to compress air that deliver additional air to an engine. They draw power from the engine. Superchargers are placed behind the air intake so they will compress the air before it flows to the cylinders in the engine where it is compressed again. Superchargers use a small rotary compressor to give air from the atmosphere higher pressure. They are powered by gears in the engine's crankshaft.
Superchargers are important at high altitudes where air has low density and pressure and where engine performance deteriorates. Use of a supercharger provides higher pressure air (air that has been compressed) to go the engine.
A turbocharger, also called a turbosupercharger, is a supercharger that is driven by a turbine that draws power from the engine exhaust rather than from the engine. Using a turbine to power the supercharger is more efficient since exhaust gas pressure is used, which is wasted energy. This enables the engine to use all of the power for rotating the propeller. Turbochargers can provide more "supercharging" than the gear-driven type of supercharger.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.063742
Retrieved Text: As air gets warmer it becomes less dense and so more buoyant. This means that warm air has a tendency to rise.
This effect can be used to naturally ventilate buildings. Cooler outside air is drawn into buildings at a lower level, it is warmed by sources of heat within the building (such as people, equipment, heating and solar gain), and then rises through the building to vent out at a higher level.
A positive pressure area is created at the top of a building and negative pressure area at the bottom. This process can take place without mechanical assistance, simply by introducing openings at the bottom and the top of buildings. It is known as the stack effect or stack ventilation.
Stack ventilation can be particularly effective as a means of naturally ventilating tall buildings that include vertical spaces which rise throughout their height, for example buildings with central atriums. This can be useful in deep buildings, where cross ventilation may not be sufficient to penetrate to spaces in the heart of the building.
The effective area of openings.
The height of the stack.
The temperature difference between the bottom and the top of the stack.
Pressure differences outside the building.
The stack effect is a relatively weak force in many buildings (although it can be strong enough to fly a kite in large buildings) and so it may be necessary to have large openings with minimal resistance.
The pressure will vary through the height of the building, with the outside pressure being higher than the inside pressure at the bottom of the building,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.00345
Retrieved Text: The Bell & Gossett Rolairtrol is a patented air separator with significant advantages. The B&G Rolairtrol is capable of removing the air that commonly causes problems in commercial hot and chilled water systems and the Bell & Gossett Rolairtrol provides air free flow, improving efficiency and performance of the HVAC system.
Every aspect of the Rolairtrol design maximizes air separation and simplifies installation and maintenance. The air separation efficiency of the Rolairtrol is significantly higher than any other commercial air separator on the market.
The standard Rolairtrol air separator is constructed to meet ASME code and is stamped for design pressure and tempera- ture ratings of 125 psig (862 kPa) and 350°F (177°C). Higher pressure and temperature models are available.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.97636
Retrieved Text: When behaviors of gases in molten steel on steelmaking practice is studied, the knowledge of molten slag has an important role.Based on this information, in this paper the author studied the variations of hydrogen content and the total iron oxide content in molten slag with different water-vapor pressures in air.
Then, as hydrogen content in molten slag could be determined by vacuum-fusion method which consisted in heating the sample at 1450-1500°C in a Mo crucible, the author firstly experimented the relations of gas contents in synthetic slag and the water-vapor pressure in atmosphere in equilibrium state, and led the following conclusions on both slag of basic highfrequency heat and slag of basic electric heat.
1) Hydrogen content in slag just before tap is proportional to the square root of the water-vapor pressure in air, but not to the hydrogen pressure in air.
2) Hydrogen content in slag is increased with rising CaO/SiO2 ratio in slag, and its increasz ratio becomes gradually larger when the water-vapor pressure in air is higher.
3) Hydrogen content in slag becomes gradually smaller when bath temperature is higher.
4) Total iron oxide content in slag just before tap is proportional to the water-vapor pressure in air, and is not influenced by the composition of slag and by the bath temperature.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.94052
Retrieved Text: There are numerous possibilities to conserve energy used in association with compressed air, in part by getting rid of leaks, but primarily through more efficient use of the compressed air.
At least as important as saving money is investiog in energy saving measures that provide increased comfort and quality of life. More and more prople have understood the commection between job satisfaction and human performance. A good example is using properly dimensioned air nozzles when cleaning with compressed air. In addition to reducing energy costs, you also get cosiderably lower noise levels.
Clearly the cost of energy is a key factor when dimensioning a compressed air installation. Therefore it is important to find a solution that not only meets the requirements for performance and quality, but requirements for efficient use of energy as well. the additional cost that may arise when purchasing equipment that fulfills both criteria may well be a good investment in the long run.
When compressed air is used for cleaning, sorting, or drying, most people rely on the use of an open pipe. As a rule, not much thought has beengiven to the dimensioning of the pipe - rather a "Suitable pipe" is used. People normally choose a pipe that is big enough to guarantee that the blowing operation is adequately performed. In the vast majority of cases this has resulted in an over-dimensioning of the blowing force.
Nozzles patented air guns and safety nozzles allow more efficient utilization of the compressed air. This permits you to lower the pressure at your workstations and still perform

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.893404
Retrieved Text: Cut the straw into two halves.
Hold one of half-straw in your mouth.
Put the other half into the water, and hold, or tape it so that it sits vertically, with about 1-2cm emerging from the surface.
Use the straw in your mouth to blow quite hard, across the top of the other straw.
If nothing happens, try lowering the straw in the water.
You should find that when you blow hard enough, you produce a spray of tiny water droplets, just like an airbrush.
If you put some colour or paint into the waterm you can use it to paint with (though this could get very messy, very quickly, so make sure you do it outside).
Rapidly moving air will be at a lower pressure than when it is stopped. This is called Bernoulli's principle. So when you blow across the top of the straw, the rapidly moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water in your glass.
One straw is set up to blow over the top of the other one. The fast moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water, so the water is pushed up the straw.
If you blow hard enough, the air above the glass will push the water all the way up the straw, and out of the top, where the rapidly moving air breaks the water up into tiny droplets, which are good for painting with.
Eventually the water gets to the top of the tube, and is broken up into small drops by the fast moving air.
Commercial

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.884161
Retrieved Text: Trumpet players know this story all too well.... To get those screaming high notes, there is a natural tendency to push the mouthpiece HARD against the chops. Often times too hard - to the point where you regret it later. Players know that more mouthpiece pressure can help to support weak or tired chops in order to continue playing. The downside is that too much pressure against the lips prevents proper blood flow, and you wear out even faster - and finally it's game over until you've had plenty of time to rest.
quality full-range buzz without applying excessive pressure.
Delrin Plastic model now available for Trumpet, Cornet, French Horn, and Tenor Trombone!
By learning how to reduce mouthpiece pressure against the lips you will gain endurance.
Sound quality will improve because you're also learning how to maintain the best quality buzz.
Without the trumpet "in the way", you can focus strictly on learning what mouthpiece angle and embouchure/aperture/lip set works best for you - just by listening to the quality of the buzz.
It's easy to use - just plug your mouthpiece into it and start buzzing in the lower range. Then increase the pitch of your buzz as if playing a scale.
As you ascend higher up the scale you will naturally start to press the mouthpiece harder against your lips. The harder you press, the more you will compress the spring - which in turn will cause the air outlet to begin closing. If you're pressing too hard, the air outlet closes and the buzz stops because the air cannot

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.860796
Retrieved Text: 1. Viable Particle Detection – Classification of air cleanliness by particle concentration. This ensures that your cleanroom continues to perform efficiently and enhance your ongoing business process.
2. HEPA Filter installation leak testing– Your ventilation system’s high efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filter, and its housing will be tested with DOP (Dispersed Oil Particulate) to ensure their integrity.
3. Air supply and extract quantities– If your air supply is unidirectional we will measure and record the air velocity, while for non-unidirectional systems we will measure air supply.
4. Differential pressure between cleanrooms – Here we will be testing to ensure that the air in your clean room always moves from clean to less clean areas, with your clean room having a higher pressure than adjacent less clean areas.
5. Air movement control– Studying the movement of the air within your clean room we will check that there is sufficient air movement to dilute or remove pollutants, preventing any contamination build-up.
6. Containment leak testing– We will check the construction of your clean room to ensure that no airborne contamination can occur via leaks from higher pressure work areas adjacent to it.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.841938
Retrieved Text: Your air conditioner, heat pump, or furnace probably uses a lot of energy. Heating and cooling makes up about half of the total energy use in a typical house. A question I get asked frequently is whether or not it’s OK to close vents in unused rooms to save money. The answer may surprise you.
The photo above shows a typical vent for an ducted HVAC system (air conditioner, heat pump, or furnace). On the return side, you’ll typically see plain grilles, but on the supply side, where the conditioned air gets blown back into the house, most HVAC contractors install registers like the one above. It has a lever of some sort that allows you to adjust the louvers behind the grille.
You’d think that since it’s adjustable, it must be OK to open or close it to suit your needs, right?
The blower in your HVAC system is the heart of the air distribution. It pulls air from the house through the return ducts and then pushes it back into the house through the supply ducts. In high-efficiency systems, the blower is powered by an electronically commutated motor (ECM), which can adjust its speed to varying conditions. The majority of blowers, however, are of the permanent split capacitor (PSC) type, which is not a variable speed motor.
In either case, the system is designed for the blower to push against some maximum pressure difference. That number is typically 0.5 inches of water column (iwc). If the filter gets too dirty or the supply ducts are too restrictive, the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.809917
Retrieved Text: CPAP vs BiPAP Machine: Which Is Best?
If you’ve been diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), which sleep apnea machine is best for your particular needs—CPAP or BiPAP?
For most people, the answer is CPAP. CPAP therapy is the first-line therapy of choice for most cases of mild to severe sleep apnea, snoring, and upper airway resistance syndrome. Most people with apnea and sleep-disordered breathing respond well to CPAP, as long as they give themselves time to get used to the therapy.
However, there are special cases where a BiPAP Machine may be a better choice.
You may not have heard much about BiPAP. Some people casually lump it under the broader category of “CPAP machine” because the devices are similar and have the same end goal of treating apnea. However, there is a difference between these two forms of sleep apnea therapy.
Both CPAP and BiPAP treat sleep apnea by delivering pressurized air to keep your airway from collapsing when you sleep. However, the two apnea machines have different settings and slightly different functions. CPAP and BiPAP essentially do the same job, but they aren’t interchangeable devices; which one is best for you depends on a few factors.
A CPAP machine provides “continuous positive airway pressure”—a steady, gentle flow of pressurized air, at an air pressure level prescribed by your doctor. This pressurized air, delivered via tubing and a mask, keeps your airway open while you sleep.
CPAP therapy is prescribed after a sleep study (polysomnogram) to confirm the presence of obstructive sleep apnea and its severity. Often, a follow-up CPAP titration

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.763422
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Vivid Racing Tire Store! We have over 10,000 different tires available for your car or truck. If your looking for a great R Compound track tire, performance street tire, passenger car tire, or even off-road or SUV tires, we have them. Some of our popular brands include Falken, Nitto, BFGoodrich, Dunlop, Michelin, Pirelli, Yokohama, and Toyo. Our tires are priced competitively to get you the best deal available whether you need a spare or a full set. If your new to tires and curious about the numbers in the product titles, here is a beginners course.
The last letter in a standard tire size indicates the number of layers used in the construction of the tire. If there is no letter, the tire has the standard 4 plies. A "C" indicates 6 plies, a "D" indicates 8 plies, and an "E" indicates 10 plies. The higher the number of plies in a tire, the stronger the tire is and the more air pressure the tire can safely hold. Higher ply tires require more air pressure to maintain proper wear.
Manufacturer Plant Code - "CC"
Maximum Load Limit - "635 kg [1400 lbs]"
Maximum Air Pressure - "300 kPa [44 psi]"
Note - Some tires are marked 'Extra Load', 'XL', or 'RF' (for reinforced). This simply denotes that the tire's indicated maximum load and air pressure are higher than a standard load tire.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.746609
Retrieved Text: This effect is caused by a small reduction in the air pressure of the column of air that is inside the shower curtain. The reduction is caused by the pressure of the water being sprayed out of the shower head having to drop from a higher pressure towards normal atmospheric air pressure. This effect is known as the Venturi Effect.
The air does not quite reach normal atmospheric pressure until it gets out of the column of air formed by the shower curtain. Because that column of air is at a lower pressure than the air outside the curtain, the curtain gets pressed inwards by the higher (but normal) air pressure in the rest of the room.
This effect happens the same no matter if the water temperature is hot, medium or cold.
A Shower can be located in a bathroom or in many cases in and industrial setting where employees can come into contact with dangerous chemicals or placed out side a swimming pool prior to entering the pool or leaving to remove chlorine or sand etc.
How far from the floor should a shower curtain hang?
How far in should the shower curtain hang?
A shower curtain should hang enough inside of the tub or showerstall to keep the water from running outside. Usually an inch and ahalf or two inches is enough.
How do you have a shower?
How do you hang shower curtain on l shaped rod?
In order to hang a shower curtain on an I shaped rod, you will haveto have the correct hooks. Then put the hooks around

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.7382
Retrieved Text: These science projects for kids provide a fun way to learn about the world around us. Kids find out how things work by trying these easy science projects. You can use them for a school assignment, or just something interesting to do on a Saturday afternoon. Enjoy!
-Tightly wrap the duct tape or electrical tape around the two bottle openings and washer.
-Once the bottles are secured to each other, slowly tip the bottles back a forth a few times to check for leaks.
-When you are ready to make your tornado, quickly flip the water-filled bottle up to the top so the water rushes down into the empty bottle. As the water comes down, it will form a funnel, resembling a tornado. The food coloring and glitter will help this become more visible. You could also imagine the glitter is the debris that flies around when a tornado passes over the ground.
-Cut a hole about the size of a nickel or quarter in the cardboard or index card (depending on how big you want the lens).
-Tape the edges of the plastic to the cardboard so the plastic is centered over the hole.
-Dip the spoon in some water, and carefully place one drop on the center of the plastic.
-When you use your magnifying glass, be sure to keep it flat so the water doesn’t run off.
-Now, you can take a closer look at feathers, newsprint, fingernails, or any other small object.
Bernoulli’s principle states that with something fluid (liquid or gas), high velocity creates a lower pressure and low velocity

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.736809
Retrieved Text: Cabin pressure control systems are designed for safety and passenger comfort. Pressurized cabins enable pilots, crew and passengers to avoid unpleasant or even deadly illnesses when flying at high altitude (altitude sickness, ear barotraumas, decompression sickness, hypoxia, …). While the air outside the cabin thins out the higher a plane climbs, compressed air inside the cabin maintains more surface-level air pressure and oxygen-rich air.
A cabin pressure control system is usually an electro-pneumatic system normally operated by a digital-electronic controller. Valves control the cabin pressure, regulating the discharge of the air from the cabin to the outside. Door sealing is also usually controlled by a pressure regulated air supply and pressure switches.
The cabin switch senses the difference between the cabin and the ambient pressure. In order to sense the differential pressure two ports are provided, one open in the cabin and the other connected to the airplane static source.
MEMSCAP has developed high stability and high accuracy pressure switches specifically for this application. Our product baseline relies on MEMSCAP SP82 sensor technology and our transducers calibration methods.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.72512
Retrieved Text: The ControlAiR Intelligent Flow Control System (IFC) controls the air flow and pressure being delivered thereby reducing artificial demand in the Plant. The IFC is designed specifically to operate at intermediate point of the compressed air system i.e. on the downstream side of the filter/ dryer/ receiver and upstream side of the main piping distribution system.
Why There Is An Opportunity For Energy Saving?
Every industry has problem of fluctuating air pressure. This is caused by intermittent use of several pneumatic equipments. It begins with sudden air demand pulling down pressure at the point of use. The only way for the Air Compressors to know about it, is when it travels to upstream through distribution network. The capacity control mechanism of the Air Compressor in the form of Load/Unload or VSD then starts delivering compressed air in the system. Practically it takes a while for the entire air system to fill up to the required pressure.
This lag in response time between demand & supply, force the Compressor operators to maintain higher level of pressure in the air system to sustain a sudden demand. Thus more Compressors are needed to meet the artificial demand along with real air demand. This causes wastage of compressed air & leads to an energy inefficient system. This translates into high energy bills.
Isn’t it time, you controlled the cost of energy for your Air Compressors?
ControlAiR IFC creates useful storage by introducing a controlled differential pressure across an upstream receiver and itself. This storage isolates the compressors from demand side fluctuations. Peaks are dealt with

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.721394
Retrieved Text: Gamma high purity automatic operatoin PSA nitrogen plant is to achieve high purity nitrogen with one 295 purity Nitrogen Generator and one nitrogen purifier. 295 purity nitrogen generator use PSA technology, separating nitrogen from air. It is air sourced by Screw Air Compressor, use PSA nitrogen generator to get desired nitrogen. It has related air treatment part such as dryer, filters, etc.
During the process of removing oxygen, water will be generated. In order to reduce the dew point of produced nitrogen, there are cooler, Adsorption Dryer, filtration dust removal devices in the system, used to remove water, dust, etc to get high purity clean nitrogen.
This High Purity Nitrogen Generator uses PSA (Pressure Swing Adsorption) technology, use CMS(Carbon Molecular Sieve) as adsorbent to separate nitrogen from air.
PSA: It is short term for Pressure Swing Adsorption. Normally, with higher air pressure, the higher adsorption amount of adsorbent can be obtained. Therefore use the periodically up and down of gas pressure, adsorb with pressure rise, desorb with pressure drop, realizing constant gas separation. This is the circulation process of PSA.
As this high purity nitrogen generator is highly automatically operated, it can also produce high purity up to 99.9999%. Therefore Gamma this high purity automatic operatoin onsite nitrogen plant is widely used by many customers who need high purity nitrogen.
Looking for ideal High Purity PSA Nitrogen Plant Manufacturer & supplier ? We have a wide selection at great prices to help you get creative. All the Top Quality PSA Nitrogen Plant are quality guaranteed. We are China Origin Factory of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.68091
Retrieved Text: Our simple turnkey Pressure Swing Adsorption (PSA) type Nitrogen Generator provides a cost-effective means for on-site N2 gas generation. It is based on using the latest PSA technology and utilizes Carbon Molecular Sieve (CMS) to separate nitrogen from the other gases contained in air. The Nitrogen Generator uses two beds of CMS to separate compressed air into a high-pressure nitrogen product stream and low-pressure oxygen enriched waste stream. Typical feed air pressure is 110 psig/7.6 barg. Typical nitrogen product purity for our systems is 99%. Product flow rate for the same system will be higher with better nitrogen recovery if a higher oxygen content can be accepted in the nitrogen product. Systems are available with a product purity up to 99.999% nitrogen (10 ppmv oxygen).
Generators are supplied as complete systems, ready for hookup to a compressed air supply, including air filters and controls for automatic operation. Start up is at the flip of a switch and maintenance is limited to changing filters every three to twelve months. Each Nitrogen Generator comes pre-tested and fine tuned to meet the customer specified nitrogen flow rate and purity.
Our nitrogen generators have proven to be very popular and reliable for many applications. Having your own nitrogen generator is a hassle free, safer alternative to high-pressure nitrogen bottles or liquid nitrogen, and you will always have nitrogen available at a reduced cost.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.663542
Retrieved Text: How does partial pressure of oxygen change with altitude?
Pressure decreases as altitude increases.
This is true for any gas in equilibrium and not just limited to oxygen. Air at a lower altitude is compressed more due to the weight of a longer column of air above it. Therefore, the pressure will be higher.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.617178
Retrieved Text: The heart of any compressed air system is the air compressor itself and the related components such as the receiver tank, aftercooler and dryer. A qualified air compressor vendor should be consulted for the specific type of components required based on environment, duty cycle, pressure and required cubic feet per minute (cfm) and safety factors for future expansion. Each of these factors will be considered when a system analysis is performed. If a particular machine function requires a higher pressure than the rest of the required function, a storage receiver tank and air amplifier can be an efficient way to provide the added pressure to that leg of the system versus increasing the pressure of the air compressor.
This entry was posted in Educational, Industrial Air Compressors, News and tagged air compressed systems, air compressor maintenance, pneumatic systems. Bookmark the permalink.

================



======= Instance Index 537 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are fewer reactions or more reactions ):

More water allows more chemical reactions.


When we add more water to something there will be fewer reactions or more reactions?

Target Text: more reactions

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.927126
Retrieved Text: This is the third kinetic sand recipe we tried and I think this one might be my favourite? (Although I really enjoyed the moldable play sand recipe we made as well.) The recipe in this post ends up having a great texture, and of the three recipes we tried, this one had the closest texture to the kinetic sand you see in stores. The only down side is that it dries out after a day of play and you have to add more water to keep it going.
I think what I’ve learned from making all of these different play sands is that you have to tweak the ingredients for the type of sand you have. All play sand is slightly different, so if your sand isn’t behaving how you’d like it to, you’ll need to increase (or decrease) the quantity of liquid to bring it to a texture you like.
1. Shaving Cream Sand Foam using Shaving Cream and Sand – Make this one if you want a cool sensory foamy experience, but not necessarily the most squishiest, moldable sand.
2. Moldable Play Sand using Flour and Oil – Make this one if you want soft, moldable sand that you can play with over and over again without needing to add more liquid.
3. Kinetic Sand using Corn Starch and Dishsoap – Make this one if you want play sand with a texture closest to the kinetic sand in stores, but you don’t mind adding water after it dries out.
This is the 44 lbs bag of sand we bought

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.799006
Retrieved Text: Almost all of us wish to lead a healthier lifestyle but have difficulties doing it. That’s why blogs like Live Lighter are around and why we publish as many tips as we can about how we can actually make a healthy living a reality for us. Please read today’s guest post by Ella and maybe something will stick!
A lot of us simply fail to drink enough water to make things count every day. Water is absolutely essential and necessary to keep our body functioning at peak capacity, removing waste, carrying nutrients and life-giving oxygen around our body. Since our body loses water through a number of ways, such as perspiration, breathing and waste, we need to replenish our water daily. Make sure you drink enough water so you can keep yourself healthy.
Now this is another common offender we deal with daily, since we tend to feel the days are too short and we often stay up late. When you don’t rest well you will end up eating more and it often happens to be junk food. If you get enough sleep on a regular basis, you will not need to eat more to counterbalance that.
Exercise every single day if you can. Movement means life, which in turn will add more benefits to your life and health, such as a lower risk of diseases, weight loss, better bone density, longer life span and so on. You should always choose walking over any kind of transport whenever you can, climbing the stairs instead of taking the elevator every

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.323435
Retrieved Text: Yesterday it was Guru Purnima and I decided to make something for prasadhum(offerings). I went through all the possible sweets that I can make with a constraint of preparing something that was lactose free and moung dhal free. So Chakra Pongal slightly modified was chosen. There are many ways in making this very delicious sweet rice. During Pongal (South- Indian Harvest Festival) they basically cook the rice in milk. While, in temples or as general offerings its sometimes made without milk so that it would last longer in warm climatic conditions. I chose the non-dairy version and in spite of all the mistakes I made here and there I still pulled it off. The major spice in this Chakra Pongal is Nutmeg. This is my entry to Think Spice : Nutmeg event hosted by My Diverse Kitchen for the month of July.
1. Heat 7 cups of water in the kettle.
2. Heat the wok and dry roast the channa dhal and then the rice.
3. Wash the rice and dhal and then add 3 cups of hot water from the kettle.
4. Add 2 cups of hot water into the pressure pan and turn on the heat and place the bowl with rice in the pressure pan.
5. Pressure cook it on medium heat and for 3 whistle.
6. In the mean time, Place the jaggery in the wok and add 2 cup of hot water and turn the heat on and allow the jaggery to melt.
7. When the jaggery melts pour the golden brown liquid into another bowl leaving behind

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.156326
Retrieved Text: Well, here we are in the midst of school holidays. Personally, I like this time. I like having the kids home and all of us operating as one group. I know not everyone feels this way, and there are times where I sometimes wonder how I am going to make it from one end of the day to the next.
I then punctuate these eating sessions with ideas on activities. They don’t need to be set activities but more a fall back plan should things go haywire in the day. After breakfast will be round 1 of physical exertion – a bike ride, soccer in the back yard, a swim, etc. After morning tea we wind down with a craft project, then lunch, some more physical exertion, afternoon tea, another craft, dinner and bed.
Sounds a bit simple but if I plan ahead and even prepare some of the activities before time then the anxiety of school holidays with four kids diminishes somewhat.
Now, by no means is this something I stick to strictly, but it is there if I need it. Ahead of time I will prepare a craft bag with each craft sorted separately in day order with all the supplies I would need. So for example, Monday will be a bag with paper plates, paints and instructions for the animals we would like to make (often a peacock or wombat as there are lots around where we go camping). Find an example here for a paper plate peacock here. And there will be a bag with

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.965849
Retrieved Text: Be sure to read till the end to get entered into the contest!
For years we have been taught salt is bad for us. While this is true about most table salt, there are forms of salt that actually have many health benefits. Table salt goes through a process where it is heated to 1200+ degrees and is made of 2.5% chemicals. The heat alters the natural structure and well then there is chemicals, need I say more?
Let me introduce you to this type of Himalayan salt therapy.
For the past 6 months, I have been trying something called Sole. Himalayan Sole (pronounced Solay) is a concentrated salt water solution that releases 84 different minerals! It’s super easy and cheap to make. Grab a jar, some good quality Himalayan salt chunks (or ground) and some filtered water.
Take the salt and place it in the jar. If you are using ground salt fill up about 1/4 of the jar.
Let it sit 12-24 hours. There still should be some salt in the jar, if not you need to add more. When there is salt still in the jar it means the water is fully saturated.
Important: don’t use a metal lid! It will interact with your mixture and ruin it.
How do you take sole?
Take 1-2 tsp from the top of the jar and put in a glass of water. It’s been said it’s best to take it on an empty stomach first thing in the morning.
That’s it, easy peasy! When the water goes down just add more in. If the salt

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.95192
Retrieved Text: First thing in the morning, fill a mug with freshly boiled water.
Add a dash of apple cider vinegar and a squeeze of fresh lemon. Sip as you start your day.
According to Ayuveda, hot water more easily penetrates your lymph system, helping to cure dehydration at a cellular level and to move things through the lymph system more easily.
Add blueberries (we add frozen blueberries in place of ice).
You can now buy water bottles with a removable bottom that allows you to add fruit or vegetables that it then crushes to infuse your water.
Make it easy to drink water - keep a glass by your side when you are cooking, watching TV, reading, and, of course, exercising.
When you reach into the refrigerator for something to eat or drink, first have a glass of water.
When you need a break from what you are doing, grab a glass of water.
Track how much water you drink in a day - you might be surprised.
As a rule of thumb, try dividing your weight (in pounds) by 2 and drinking that many ounces of water each day. See how it makes you feel. If you exercise, you will need more than this.
If you are worried about having to get up in the middle of the night, drink most of your water early in the day.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.830675
Retrieved Text: Do you like Pork Adobo? I do, but sometimes I cook too much of it to the point that there are lots of leftovers. Of course, it’s okay to keep leftover pork adobo for more than a couple of days in the fridge because it does not spoil quickly. However, I think that it will be better to taste something different after having quite a few servings of this dish. Pork Adobo Paksiw is what I recommend to turn the leftovers into something better.
Pork Adobo Paksiw or at least this recipe is all about the transformation of your leftover pork adobo into something better. It is a hybrid of our delicious adobo dish and the yummy lechon paksiw. What makes this more exciting is the homemade lechon sauce that we will be using.
You will know better about the pork adobo recipe by following the recipe link below. It should tell you how easy it is to make your pork adobo (if you have not done it yet). If you already have leftovers available, then all you need is to prepare the lechon sauce. The recipe is also available through the link below. I know that there are times when we are lazy to do something (trust me, this happens to me a lot). You can use store-bought bottled lechon sauce if you feel lazy or have no time to make your homemade lechon sauce.
Try this Pork Adobo Paksiw Recipe. Let me know what you think.
Heat the leftover pork adobo in a cooking pot.
Add the lechon sauce,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.82758
Retrieved Text: Taking care of the T-shirts and clothing we wear is something we all have to do. For many people clothing care is simply nothing more than tossing clothes in the washer and dryer with some laundry detergent and fabric softener and hanging them up or folding them when they are dry. Occasionally there will be the need to do a little stain pretreatment, if an item of clothing gets something on it that is hard to get off. So all in all, it seems a pretty easy process. However, some things that get on clothes can not be seen but they can easily ruin the impression of a clean T-shirt. Such offenders are odors, like hard to remove cigarette odors. If smoke has permeated your clothing you may even be able to smell it after you’ve laundered it.
If you are not about to wash the clothes in question you can remove the odor by hanging your odorous item of clothing in the bathroom. Put about an inch of very hot water in the bathtub with 4 cups of vinegar added to the water. Leave the T-shirt or other smoky item hanging there with the door closed until the item smells fresh again. This is the best way to get rid of smoke odors without actually washing.
If you’ve come back from a night out and your clothes need to be washed anyway, you can remove the odor of smoke by adding vinegar to the wash. Simply fill the washer with water, add the laundry detergent and a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.801981
Retrieved Text: Something From Nothing: Pasta with Caramelized Onions and Tomatoes – Eat Me. Drink Me.
I wish there was a tiny chorus of approving gourmands that lived over my left shoulder and gave me a round of applause and a miniature pat on the back from each of their sprinkle-sized hands every time I verged on the brink of culinary genius. Like when, after two months of mediocre results, I finally manage to make perfect foam with my espresso machine for four days in a row (right now! I’m drinking perfect foam! Isn’t it exciting?). Or when, on the spur of the moment, I add a layer of strawberry jam between two layers of ordinary yellow cake with vanilla frosting. Or when, coming home after a long day of work, I despondently shrug my shoulders at the mismatched food in my pantry, only to throw the mess together into something delicious half an hour later.
But there are no invisible gourmands. It’s just me and my mouth and occasionally my roommates, who I make eat bites of my food as they walk past on their ways to something probably very interesting.
Can I clap for myself?
The result being that we scrounged up a salad with peppery greens, blue cheese, canned beets, almonds, and a dressing of oil, cherry flavored balsamic vinegar, lemon, Dijon mustard, and honey. We found a can of tuna and so made a tuna salad which we ate on the last slice of a dense, whole grain bread, split in two. We didn’t even eat my potatoes.
The

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.549961
Retrieved Text: There is nothing more fun than making something interactive in the kitchen as a kid. My mom used to make my sister and I a version of homemade play dough and it was always so much fun to break it out on rainy days when she couldn’t make us go outside. Not that Mt. Pleasant has seen a lot of rainy days lately! I think my mom had just as much fun as we did when we made crystallized sugar sticks and even when we used her kitchen to house and hatch monarch butterflies. There is a plethora or fun you can have in the kitchen and some ventures even make good science projects – probably more interesting then the science project I did on mold one year… Below are some quick and easy recipes using some pretty common household ingredients!
2 drops food coloring of your choice!
Combine dry ingredients in a bowl, mix in wet, and knead well! If the dough is too dry add a touch more water. If the dough is too wet, add a touch more flour! Keep in an airtight container for long lasting fun! Technically edible but it’s not recommended!
Pour the warm water into a mixing bowl and sprinkle in the guar gum. Mix until there are no lumps. Add a few drops of food coloring and mix. Add the baking soda and mix. Add the saline solution and mix until slimy! Keep in mind it’s not ideally edible! Sadly it doesn’t tend to last over night.
Tie the string to the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.445702
Retrieved Text: What to drink when you can't face more water?
I'm going to improve my diet this year.
One of the things I'm cutting down on is softdrink.
It wouldn't be unusual for me to drink 2 litres of Coke Zero or Pepsi Max in a day.
I'm trying to drink as much water instead, but I'm quickly finding the point where I want to drink something, but really don't want more water.
What else can I drink that's not just stacking kjs into my day?
Re: What to drink when you can't face more water?
My post is a bit more general than the original question.
Far be it for me to talk about weight loss, but anything else will have calories. At some point you just have to be hungry especially if you have a big appetite.
Dude, 2 litres of Pepsi or Coke in a day is ALOT of sugar . Yes even if tis not technically sugar.You should lose a tonne of weight just dropping that from the diet.
4 green apples, 2 full sticks of celery leaves included, 1 inch piece of ginger.
4 green aplles, 2 large carrots, 30grams of FRESH beetroot. Optional piece of ginger.
Can water down to suit taste. Just be careful not to add too much ginger as it ends up very peppery if you do. Some of you will go at the ingredients list. But try it and you will be pleasantly surprised. These 2 recipes are the staple of my post ride recovery process. I recover better with thsi sort of stuff than I do with any

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.440363
Retrieved Text: There are different benefits which chia seeds could manage to deliver to your body; it could happen through adding it to the recipes which you usually prefer, or else, through the drinks that you could sprinkle it on, but one of the easiest ways to receive these different benefits happen through adding chia seeds to water; the drink that is eventually known as chia Fresca. Chia seeds are now growing to be famous although you might come across those who are still not aware of it, but this awareness should keep growing in order to help those who are still searching for something to keep them energetic while working out, something to help with several health conditions, and something that will never add a lot of calories to their bodies as well, to find what they are searching for.
The best thing about those seeds is the fact that their taste is not strong and thus never affect the thing it is added to; whether food or drinks, making it possible to add these seeds to almost all the dishes as well as the drinks that you might be having. Since water is considered one main ingredient in our daily lives, we should mention that chia seeds could be also added to your water, which you could consume while working out or even during your regular day.
Can You Drink Chia Seeds in Water?
At first, you might not get the whole idea and you might find it a little bit weird to drink water with those seeds swimming

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.430176
Retrieved Text: Do you see that picture? The things we eat for your entertainment? Oh yes, there are Carrot Cake Oreos. There are Edamame flour crisps. There are frozen biscuits with gravy inside. And there is a whole lot more. There is a discussion of Ursula's ability to write certain kinds of scenes. There is mead, beer, and something we just have to add water to.
And so much more, when We Eat It, So You Don't Have To!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.426424
Retrieved Text: Some days you just want to cook something that is simple, quick, nutritious and delicious. Something that everybody in the house will eat without complaining! Apart from my usual repertoire of traditional Indian dishes, this pasta dish totally fits the bill. In our household we are trying to reduce how much meat we eat and increase the amount of vegetables we eat. Our goal is to eat vegetarian food about 80% of the time. Research has shown again and again, that not only is that good for our physical and mental health by reducing inflammation in our bodies but also better for the environment.
This dish effortlessly adds many brightly colored vegetables to it making it so rich in vitamins. Since there is no tomato sauce in this recipe, it makes it easy for one to taste the individual flavor of each vegetable. Since we roast the vegetables in the oven, it enhances their flavors even more. Roasting the vegetables makes them slightly sweeter as they get caramelized.
I came across this recipe in a book called The Pollan Family Table. It reminded me of a simple chicken dish that I make at home called as Chicken Fettucine. Chicken Fettucine has a similar sauce but instead of vegetables, the chicken is the star of this dish. So when I read the recipe with roasted vegetables, I knew my family would like it as it was very similar to the Chicken Fettucine they loved. All the key flavor of the sauce were similar. I just made a few changes

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.376532
Retrieved Text: solutions, pure liquids and pure gasses, corresponding to the same material.
competing processes occurring at the same rates.
We're going to take this concept of dynamic equilibrium out for a ride now.
And see how it applies when we have solutions or mixtures.
have to have more than one type of material present.
We'll begin our study of that, by studying solutions.
as we discuss them in the first semester of this course.
mixture are uniform throughout the entire solution.
In a solution, there's typically at least two components, of course.
the larger component which we'll call the solvent.
applications, it is most commonly water.
going to be talking about water, and something dissolved in that water.
The thing we dissolve in that water, we're going to call the solute.
Now technically, a solute is any component other than the solvent.
So it is a minor component which is dissolved in the solvent.
Solutes can be a variety of different things.
For example, we can take sugar, glucose and dissolve it into water.
We can, for example, take ethanol and dissolve that into water.
Or it could be a gas.
We can take carbon dioxide and dissolve that into water.
also define description of the solution in terms of its concentration.
Basically, we are measuring how much solute is there per solvent.
done, and I'll go through each one of those.
First, there's the idea of a mole fraction.
of the total number of moles, corresponds to the solute.
solute two if we dissolve more than one solute under the solvent.
the fraction of the moles correspond into a particular solute.
concentrated the solution is in solute 1. That's one way to measure

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.370089
Retrieved Text: When investing in a water collection system, you want to make sure that you maximize efficiency. Today, there are many options for custom-made gutters, and wider, larger gutter systems will help give you more water from your rain collection system. In addition, you also want to consider flushing systems that remove debris when water goes through the downspouts.
The water that you collect from the gutters will often be used for outdoor watering. If you want to use the water for potable uses, you will want to have filtration solutions. Flushing systems can help to remove debris, and more complete water purification systems can be used to give you cleaner water that can be used for many different needs, including for drinking water.
The storage of your water is also important, and there are several options to choose from. If you are only using water for irrigation and want to have an affordable solution, traditional rain barrels are ideal. If you want to have something more, there are also options for cisterns and filtration that is buried beneath the surface.
It is also important to be able to get water from the storage systems. If you use conventional rain barrels, locating them higher will allow you to use natural, gravity-fed water pressure. If you have buried storage, you will need to use a pump to use your water. Using a small solar-powered pump is an ideal solution to give you an environmentally friendly pump for your rain collection system.
These are some of the essential features that you will want

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.338308
Retrieved Text: Czech cuisine is one of the heartiest cuisines out there, and this beef and beer goulash recipe, inspired by our Urban Adventures team in Prague, will certainly stick to your ribs. Perfect for cold nights in with friends, it pairs well with good wine and good conversation. For best results, you’ll need to marinate overnight, but trust us, the wait is worth it.
But before we begin, there’s something very important you need to know. Do not attempt this recipe with your stomach empty, nor with your stomach full. The former will make you rush through what should be done slowly; the latter will leave you without inspiration (“Why am I cooking, I’m not even hungry”).
What to do then? Have some nice finger food on hand, something that fills you up a bit, but keeps you on the edge of hunger. Besides, if you’re serving this up for a dinner party, you’ll want some nibbles to keep people out of the kitchen while you cook. And of course, whatever snacks you have should be something you can pair with beer or wine (after all, who would cook without a drink in hand?!). Plus, that beer or wine will unleash your creative cooking powers, or enable you to be a bit braver with the spices.
Also note that I tend to cook without recipes, so you’ll want to vary the amounts of ingredients, depending on your flavour preferences. Taste often as you cook, and add the spices in phases (I usually do at least three), just like the skilled

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.32537
Retrieved Text: also i will be winterizing my unit my self. I won't use antifreeze i will just blow it out with the air thats what i did on my 2015 coleman unit. Do you just blow it out or you have to do something else like i heard there is a by pass valve next to water heater somewhere?
I am talking about blowing out with the air I know i have to add antifreeze to all my p traps, toilets, showers and tanks. I just don't want any antifreeze in my lines.
So do i just hook air hose to the city hook up and do about 25psi until all the water is gone?
Put the bypass on the hwh in the bypass mode (water/air bypasses the heater). It should be drained and the plug left out.
Connect your compressor (I run mine at about 35psi) to an adapter that goes into the fresh water connection. Run the compressor and start opening taps until water stops beginning with the tap furthest away from the port. After completing all the taps and they aren't putting out water (don't forget the outside shower) I open the low point drains until they are clear. Close and then I usually quickly repeat the process to get rid of any residual water that might have been left. Then close things up and add the anti freeze as you mentioned.
It looks like you are in Idaho so I would seriously consider pumping anti freeze into the lines. When blowing only there is usually a bit of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.308762
Retrieved Text: Boondi k laddoo recipe is a simple recipe that can be prepared with minimal ingredients. Preparing sweet dishes at home is definitely something that we all should practice. It is much more hygienic and fresh. If we stick to only homemade sweets then definitely our consumption of sugar will reduce drastically.
So, today on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi, I have prepared boondi k laddoos. Here is the recipe of boondi k laddoo with step by step photos.
Take one cup gram flour in a bowl. Add little water and mix well. Ensure that there are no lumps. Once you are sure that there are no lumps then slowly add more water. Keep on mixing it really well. You should whisk it for good 4-5 minutes.
Final mixture will be of pouring consistency. Keep it aside.
Now we need to prepare sugar syrup of one string consistency.
For preparing sugar syrup take 1.5 cups of sugar and 1 cup of water.
Heat ghee in a pan/ kadhai.
Take a spatula with holes.
Pour 1 tbsp batter on the spatula. Don't pour more than 1 tbsp Otherwise boondi will stick to each other to form a lump in the centre of kadhai.
Soak boondi in sugar syrup for 30-45 minutes.
Mix Cardamon powder and roasted dry fruits too.
Press this mixture with your hands and try to give round shape.
Take one cup of gram flour in a bowl.
2. Add a little water and mix it very well. Ensure that there are no lumps.
3. Add more water and whisk it for 4-5 minutes. Batter should be of pouring consistency.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.270039
Retrieved Text: When summertime finally comes, it is normal to see all of the families in your neighbourhood flock to the outdoors. People are finally sitting on their back porches, kids are playing in the garden, and barbecues are already in discussion. What you may be thinking about is how you will prepare your garden for all of the outdoor festivities to come.
People often tend to focus on interior design when they are trying to stylize their homes, but exterior design is also very important and something you can truly put your mark on. There are so many ways to make an outdoor space playful as well as functional, and making a space that you enjoy will only add more value to your property. So give yourself and your family another reason to be outside this summer.
When you are starting out the designs of your back garden, you want to think about how it will mainly be used and what main goals you have in mind. If you are already thinking about the great outdoor dinner parties you will host, you may want to consider dedicating one part of the garden to eating. An eating and entertainment space can have a levelled patio for a table, plenty of seating options, and a space for the barbecue.
If you have a lot of children, or know that the neighbourhood kids will be frequenting your yard, you will want to leave plenty of space for games and playing. Another option is creating a space that is peaceful and that you can

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.269571
Retrieved Text: It’s been a pretty long time since I saw you. I am still studying hard to find out what is our way. Recently I reached the conclusion that there is no Buddhism or there is no Zen or anything. Yesterday, when I was preparing for the evening lecture (in San Francisco) although I tried to find out something to talk about, I couldn’t find out anything so I was just reading. And I thought of the story which I was told in Obun Festival when I was young. The story is about the water or the story is about the people in Hell.
Although they have water, the people in Hell cannot drink it because the water burns like a fire, or water which they want to drink looks like blood, so they cannot take it. While the celestial beings -- for the celestial beings it is jewel and for the fish it is their home and for the human being it is water. You may think, if you think water is water (if you understand that water is water, as we do ) is right understanding the water sometimes looks like -- although water sometimes looks like jewel or house or blood or fire that is not real water -- you may think in this way. As you think that zazen practice is real practice and the rest of the everyday activities is the application of zazen, but this (zazen) is fundamental practice. But Dogen zenji, amazingly said, ‘Water is not water’. If you think water

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.251219
Retrieved Text: Unconventional cuts of meat and offal find its way to the grill or left behind in the market. Sometimes out of choice, but most of the time because of a lack of knowledge. While in the restaurant scene, coming across exotica in a menu can cause some to turn up their noses and look elsewhere, but stick around—our ancestors were on to something when they started munching on innards.
Tendon is the connective tissue that attaches muscles to bone. When prepared incorrectly, tendon can be tough and unforgiving. But when simmered gently for hours, its structure yields to a bite and gives off collagen for an unctuous, rib-sticking dish. The flavor of the tendon is mild, but its most recognizable feature is its unique texture.
This recipe requires for the ragu to be cooked for hours. It’s tempting to opt for a quick dish instead, but this tendon ragu is rewarding in the long run. Surprisingly, the tendon doesn’t require special care and attention: just a quick rinse after boiling for five minutes and re-boiling until tender. Using tendon in the sauce contributes to the richness which we can attribute to its collagen. Starting today, don’t count tendon as unfamiliar territory or snub it at the market.
Rinse tendon under cold water and place in a pot.
Cover tendon with water and bring to a boil.
Boil for five minutes and drain. Rinse tendon in cold water. Rinsing in cold water removes the impurities from the tendon.
Cover tendon in water again and bring to a boil and simmer until tender, around

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.159218
Retrieved Text: This theme provides year-round color. Plants include palm trees, citrus trees, yuccas, agaves and colorful accent plants such as bougainvilleas. Desert-adapted grass can be added for those who want a lawn.
When you decide upon a Tropical Theme, you will want to include a lot of plants. Lots of green and wild colors will enhance your tropical illusion. There are many plants and flowers that will grow in any weather conditions.
What better way to make you feel like you are in a tropical getaway then having a beautiful water feature in your backyard. You can design something small or if you have the space design something magnificent. You can add rocks and stones around your yard along with the plants and flowers. This will add to the tropical feel and bring a more natural look to your landscape.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.149508
Retrieved Text: Many of us wouldn’t mind owning a pool; we just prefer not to have a pop up pool in our homes. Despite what people believe, drains can flow both ways and there is nothing more aggravating than coming home to a pond in your bathroom.
Anyone who owns a home is at risk of damage from drainage and sump pump failure. It’s a common misbelief that living on a hill or not owning a basement will protect your home. These two misconceptions often leave homeowners paying thousands out of pocket to repair damages when something does go wrong.
Not having a basement doesn’t mean that your home isn’t at risk. Clogged drains in your home can lead to extensive water damage that will leave you paying for repairs if you go without sump pump coverage.
There were two claims for water damage out of every 100 homeowners claims, making it the second most frequent claim. Hail and wind damage were first.
Flood insurance deals with “the natural rising of water” outside your home. Sump pump/water backup coverage focuses on damage as a result of either a sump pump or drain failure inside your home. Think of water backup as covering damage from a more sudden backup of water that floods the home quickly. If you have a slow leak that does damage over time, it may not be covered.
Overflow happens when the toilet is clogged below and new water entering the toilet from above is blocked, overflowing onto the bathroom floor. This is not the same as water coming up

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.12044
Retrieved Text: There is a first time for everything. This weekend, we made Indian food from scratch, for the first time. Not with sauce from a package or jar. I am so proud.
This is also part of our effort to eat at least one vegetarian meal a week. Not just a meal with no meat, like a green salad or steamed broccoli , but something that is tasty, nutritious and somewhat balanced.
I have had this little Indian cooking book for quite some time but I am daunted by the myriad of spices and ingredients unknown to me. Someday, I say, someday I will try this. That someday arrived this past weekend and we made a small investment in a great number of spices. We even managed to find fresh curry leaves but not black mustard seeds. We just substituted with brown mustard seeds. The black ones are supposed to be a bit more pungent but the brown ones worked just as well. We chose red lentils because it cooks quickly and there is no prerequisite soaking. We ate it with basmati.
Put the lentils in a heavy-based saucepan with 500mL (2 cups) water. Add the roughly chopped onion, tomato, creamed coconut or coconut milk, chillies, turmeric cumin and coriander, and bring to a boil. Simmer and cook, stirring occasionally until the lentils are cooked to a soft mush (masoor dal does not hold its shape when it cooks), about 25 minutes. If all the water has evaporated before the lentils are cooked, add an extra 125mL (1/2 cup) of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.07167
Retrieved Text: Garden Tool BoxNewsGardenWater FeatureUsing Water to Make your Garden Beautiful; Water Features!
Using Water to Make your Garden Beautiful; Water Features!
There is something so right about the sound of trickling water in an otherwise peaceful garden. It compliments the sound of birdsong and it adds a new dimension to a space thanks to light play and water(pond plants), creating a pretty and natural element. The sound of just one simple small water feature is reminiscent of natural water features and how many of us are lucky enough to boast a pond or stream in our garden? Not many that’s for sure! It’s a wonderful thing that promotes wildlife and attracts birds to your garden. Garden care will always pay off.
Water features for your garden are much less of an outlay financially than they were in the past; low energy water pumps and a proliferation of recycling ideas have ensured that more and more people are taking the plunge and adding water features to their gardens. It doesn’t have to cost a lot either, you can make a frugally priced garden water feature.
So, how do we go about adding this wonderful water dimension to our gardens? Read on to find out! But before we do, notice that all you really required to dig your water feature is a pick axe and spade but here’s a list of the best gardening tools that will help.
If you’ve decided that you want a water feature then your next step is to comb through the many landscaping options and choose which one

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.04336
Retrieved Text: This is a nice all-in-one dish. It provides some satisfaction from the pasta, protein and fiber from sauce, and includes some vegetables. You can be creative and add more if you’d like to: tomatoes, peas or some roasted cauliflower would also be delicious!
The two ingredients that may be new for some are hemp seeds and nutritional yeast. Both are optional really, but add a nutritional punch. If you can’t find or don’t have either, you could blend in cottage cheese or add shredded cheddar if that is more your speed.
Pasta is one of my daughter’s favorites. We call this pasta "squash pasta" because I want her to know there are vegetables blended in. I have always made it a point to tell her what is in her food. Sneaking vegetables into foods and not sharing that info is not how we present food in our family. It is more important that she trust herself and me when it comes to meals, trust that I will tell her what foods are being served, and that she can trust her body and taste buds to guide her through the meal. She has always been exposed to many different types of foods, so that has helped her willingness to try things.
I also don’t make a fuss when she does not eat something. I just keep offering.
Autonomy for kids is huge, really for all of us. This is a great recipe to talk to kids about how adding vegetables to dishes can be fun and done creatively. Plus, the less

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.025469
Retrieved Text: I love to dish up easy and simple recipes for you. When you have to rustle up something special in a moment’s notice – this will certainly save your day. I had a jar full of pesto from a batch I made earlier and had to look up ways of using it up soon. If you have followed my earlier recipe for Braided Pesto Pastry; you will find the recipe to Pesto there. It is unbelievably easy to prepare. Homemade pesto can last upto a week in the refrigerator and upto 4 months if freezed. Coming back to the recipe for today – this again is a simple 3 ingredient recipe – pasta, pesto and tomatoes as the name suggests 🙂 .
Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add a tablespoon of olive oil in the boiling water.
Cook the spaghetti until al dente approximately 8 – 10 mins. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup of starchy pasta water.
Meanwhile, add 1 tablespoon olive oil, the onion, minced garlic, and a large pinch of salt to a small skillet. Add the pesto and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally.
Toss the pasta with the pesto and a few tablespoons of starchy pasta water. Add more pesto or pasta water, if necessary. You want the pasta to be coated with a nice, smooth layer of pesto. Add the tomatoes. Gently toss to combine.
Sprinkle with chopped pine nuts and parmesan shavings just before serving.
Awesome. My mouth is watering.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.023262
Retrieved Text: Everyone knows that hydration is important, but did you know how much MORE important it is while you're pregnant or breastfeeding? Staying hydrated is one of the keys to a healthy milk supply, and proper hydration helps provide enough amniotic fluid while you're pregnant.
Did you know that the effects of dehydration can actually lead to preterm labor? Dehydration is so scary, and can cause things like nausea, headaches, cramps, constipation, and dizziness. Some women have found relief from morning sickness by staying hydrated, so couple that with the ingredients in Baby Booster, and you may finally have your morning sickness remedy!
Breastmilk production relies on proper hydration from the mother. According to KellyMom, breastmilk is 88% water, and that water comes from YOU, Mama! This is also why a baby (under 6 months old that is exclusively breastfed) doesn't need additional water intake, because your baby gets hydrated from your breastmilk. Just like everything else in your world right now, you're staying hydrated for your baby as much as you're staying hydrated for you!
Try different combinations of fruit. To be honest, I fell in love with strawberry and lemon water and that's how I was able to transition into a water drinker. When I first started, it was mostly strawberries and less water. The trick is to add water through the day, and I like to make my infusion and let it sit while I get ready in the morning so it has time to actually infuse into the water. Or, bonus, buy yourself a canteen and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.99176
Retrieved Text: Imagine a water filtration system that increases your survival skill level. Before Oasis, other water filters were limited to single use case filtration – which actually can reduce your survival skill level.
Before Oasis, people might used a water filter in situations it wasn’t designed for. Oasis is the first adaptable modular filter so that it can handle different situations.
To be safe, you need a system that can adapt to different scenarios. Oasis means you can be prepared for whatever situation arises.
It’s a bit like upgrading your tires to rain tires, yes they offer better grip than before but then you would be mistaken to drive with rain tires into a snowstorm.
Oasis is adaptable. To make it work, Oasis team had to invent a genderless connection that would allow the filters to be exchangeable.
Oasis also does something unique by combining water filtration with the option for water enhancement. Enhancement means you can add minerals, vitamins, or fruit infusions to your drinking water.
That’s important because Oasis team found that some people will hydrate more often when they have the option to infuse the water with something delicious.
Who are the makers behind this product?
Daniel is a family man, who loves the outdoors. His job used to take him away from his family – so he put his heart into finding a solution to something he knew was needed.
In working with the team, he really wanted to emphasize quality and long term usability. Most importantly, he wanted to see that people learned more about how to make water safe and

================



======= Instance Index 825 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are a boat towing cable or a telephone cable ):

Thicker wires offer less resistance.


Which likely offers the greatest amount of resistance a boat towing cable or a telephone cable?

Target Text: a telephone cable

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.960909
Retrieved Text: Special attention is given to design as well as the heat treating process to produce one tough screw! With a super sharp point and deep, biting threads, these screws will cut their way into just about any common hardwood you will use. There are many advantages of a Square Drive design. Bits are less likely to jump out of the recess and allow you to use more driving torque. Square Drive offers a positive “stick-fit” which tends to stay on screwdriver bit tip, which is handy starting screws overhead or from other difficult angles. The positive fit means your bits will last longer and you are less likely to damage the screw. If you have driven screws that fall off the bit then you understand what we mean! These screws are unplated and are coated with a specially formulated dry lubricant which reduces driving torque and offers a minimal amount of corrosion resistance. Color may vary due to variations in the heat treating process and may exhibit shades of grey, brown or black. Dry lube finish fasteners are recommended for interior applications only. Not recommended for use in ACQ® treated lumber. HIGHPOINT XT woodworking screws size #6 have a #1 Square Drive recess and #8 have a #2 Square Drive recess.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.93573
Retrieved Text: This week’s post is an excerpt taken from my book, Surviving Cancer. Watch this short video below where I discuss the link between diabetes and cancer. Learn more about Diabetes and Surviving Cancer by reading my books. Now available at Barnes & Noble!
According to the International Diabetes Federation, in 2015 there were 415 million people living with diabetes in the world, and that number will climb to 642 million by the year 2040.
Given that diabetes is considered a serious epidemic now, this statistic means that cancer is likely to follow and become the next epidemic as more and more diabetics develop it.
Type 2 diabetes is considered a problem caused by insulin resistance. I do not believe that humans are evolving to become insulin resistant, just as it is unlikely that humans are evolving to have more gene mutations.
Rather I suggest that Type 2 diabetes is a condition related to the consumption of grains and grain-flour products, which produce the greatest amount of glucose that cancer cells depend on to survive and multiply.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.954588
Retrieved Text: If you had to pick a form of exercise that would likely have the worst impact on your gains, it would be slow, long distance endurance training (1) (e.g. 10 km running). Long, slow distance endurance training has a different adaption effect compared to resistance training. It doesn't result in a significant increase in strength and power, and it doesn't cause muscle to hypertrophy like resistance training does (1). On its own, the gains you would get are absolutely minimal, if any. Added to a resistance training program, it can interfere with the gains you could make in strength, power, and muscle hypertrophy. Training programs that include both slow, long distance endurance training and resistance training have been shown to produce less gains than programs that only included resistance training (1).
If you had to pick the worst type of slow, long distance endurance training, it would be running. Both running and cycling have been shown to significantly impair lower body strength, power and muscle hypertrophy gains, however, running impaired gains the most (1). When running, the leg muscles experience a very high eccentric load when the lead foot strikes the ground. This high eccentric load repeated enough times (i.e. a long run) can result in a high amount of muscle damage (3). This high amount of muscle damage is believed to have an interference effect with strength, power, and muscle hypertrophy gains. If you have to do some slow, long distance training, but don’t need to be good at running, then opting for other modalities such

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.87021
Retrieved Text: The MSD 8.5mm Super Conductor is the very best among performance wires! The Super Conductor’s extreme low resistance, in combination with the capability of suppressing electromagnetic interference, delivers results that seem impossible. Lower resistance ensures that more energy reaches the spark plug to in turn trigger ignition of the air/fuel mixture. The Super Conductor utilizes a copper alloy conductor, which delivers amazing resistance of less than 50 ohms per foot! This means that the greatest possible amount of energy reaches the spark plug. By winding the conductor helically around a unique core, MSD is able to create a highly effective choke, keeping the EMI inside the wire and isolated from other electronics. This package is housed in a heavy-duty sleeve capable of withstanding high temperatures and friction. Finish each end with MSD’s Dual Crimp Terminals, and you are looking at the best wire available!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.7689
Retrieved Text: Antibiotics have saved countless lives for the better part of a century, but these medical marvels may be approaching the end of their usefulness. Thanks to overuse, bacteria are rapidly evolving resistance to our best drugs, prompting scientists to try to develop new ones. Now, a team at Purdue University has found that a compound called F6 is effective at killing bacteria that have already evolved resistance to existing antibiotics. In tests, the new drug also seems less susceptible to bacterial resistance down the track.
The discovery and use of antibiotics was one of the greatest scientific achievements of the 20th century, as previously-dangerous procedures quickly became safe and infections relatively easy to treat. But after decades of overuse and overprescription, bacteria are fighting back, with more and more antibiotics becoming ineffective – including some of our last lines of defense. If left unaddressed, the problem is predicted to worsen until these so-called superbugs are killing up to 10 million people a year by 2050.
In an effort to stem the tide, researchers are searching for new drug candidates in places as varied as rattlesnake venom, tobacco flowers, honey, maple syrup, berries, fungi, and both human and platypus milk. Other techniques involve developing new bacteria-killing materials, gels, lights and coatings, weakening bugs genetically, or even enlisting predatory bacteria to fight on our side.
The Purdue team has now identified a new candidate, and tested its abilities to develop resistance. The researchers started by scanning through a library of chemical compounds for those with antibacterial properties, settling on one dubbed

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.54218
Retrieved Text: OSRAM Opto Semiconductors’ new SYNIOS® P2720 platform with 15 different products allows for outstanding flexibility with one footprint for various power classes and applications. Ease of scalability and great freedom of design are accompanied and amplified by high thermal reliability and high brightness, delivering new opportunities and cost advantages for automotive manufacturers and light designers.
More opportunities for innovative automotive light design.
SYNIOS® P2720 is a very powerful and reliable LED package that excels through its high brightness, low thermal resistance and thermal stability. Featuring different chip size classes and colors with one common footprint, the SYNIOS® P2770 family also shines with high flexibility and full scalability. Another great advantage of the new SYNIOS® platform is its exceptional temperature cycle stability. The lead frame part is optimized for the thermal expansion coefficient of the circuit board, thus securing very stable soldered joints.
Moreover SYNIOS® P2720 also allows significant cost savings. Thanks to a higher brightness at Tj the amount of the required LEDs can be reduced, and there is no need for the next brighter brightness bin. In addition, standard PCB materials can be used due to low thermal resistance. But perhaps the greatest strength of the new SYNIOS® family is the great design freedom that it offers. Even extremely compact and flexible light guide designs with high efficiency flux in can be easily implemented.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.529356
Retrieved Text: The world’s ultimate seven-day music experience ‘Destination ULTRA‘ will once again play host to an incredible five events across five different and equally stunning locations this summer. The RESISTANCE(TM) Opening Party at the Giraffe Palm Beach House in Split will once again mark the start of the week, leading onto the flagship 3-day ULTRA Europe festival at the Poljud Stadium, which will host performances from the world’s greatest electronic talents. The Brač Regatta returns to the idyllic island of Brač on Zlatni Rat Beach the very next day. July 18 sees the return of ULTRA Beach, “the greatest pool party on earth” (The Sun – 2017), situated at the Hotel Amfora Grand Beach Resort on the picturesque island of Hvar. To cap off the momentous week, RESISTANCE(TM) Vis will be held at the 200-year-old Fort George on the historic island of Vis.
For the first time, ULTRA Europe now offers fans the chance to purchase ‘Destination Tickets’ and ‘Passport Packs.’ The Destination ticket will allow partygoers to experience the entirety of ‘Destination Ultra’, from the Opening Party, through the 3-day ULTRA Europe experience, the Brač Regatta, Ultra Beach, and RESISTANCE(TM) Vis. The Ultra Europe Passport Pack also allows the ability for groups of friends to purchase 5 tickets to unlock a 6th.
Purchase Ultra Europe Tickets now.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.717596
Retrieved Text: On V-E Day we honor the heroine of WW2 stolen French art, Rose Valland. She fooled the Nazis over four years, all to save the art they stole.
With the recent 71st Anniversary of Victory in Europe Day, the conclusion of the Second World War in Europe, TGNR is commemorating one of the most astounding contributions during that struggle which is still largely unknown. Today Paul K. DiCostanzo recognizes Rose Valland, a savior of French artistic heritage who fooled the Germans for nearly four years directly under their collective nose. Rose risked everything in hope her work would held recover the immense amount of Nazi stolen art.
The study of national security and military history has long been an interest of mine. It began when I was introduced to the topic of the Second World War by my father, and it sparked an enduring fascination in all aspects of the conflict. It always offers something new to be learned, something to be analyzed.
As I have grown, and my research has advanced, I have come to certain conclusions. The first is an understanding that World War II was propelled out of a deep ideological struggle between civilizations, an unsurpassed struggle for collective identity.
Ideological conflicts are often the most brutal, and always jeopardize destroying humanities greatest achievements.
The second conclusion is that war is often fought on fronts distant from the front lines. Such a melee spurs the contribution of all peoples who’s lives are affected by the titanic undertaking of war.
In World War II, there was an overwhelming amount of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.637691
Retrieved Text: Mobile devices can speed up a transaction process that the vast majority of dealerships say is too long, yet 60% of dealers not using them say they are not even considering adopting mobile tablets in their dealerships. Why? Cost and staff/management resistance to change, say dealers responding to a recent survey on dealership mobile tablet usage by eLEND Solutions.
The snapshot survey, conducted among dealerships nationwide in Q4 2016, reveals that tablet usage in the Sales department is more prevalent than in the F&I department which is where, according to recent data, dealers report that the process tends to slow down. While the cost of the average tablet is around $400, the time saved by shaving even just one hour from the sales/transaction process could easily create sales productivity and additional car sales, translating into cost benefits that could likely pay for a tablet in a day.
The good news is that the other half of dealerships surveyed are either considering implementing mobile devices, or already using them, in the F&I department. The survey suggests that mobile devices offer a solution to the biggest issues that dealerships say impede customer satisfaction and profits: streamlining data flow and solving time clogs.
What do you imagine the greatest benefits of using tablets in your dealership could be? Speeding up the process is number one!
24% are using mobile tablets in the Sales department, with another 39% considering using them.
Of dealers using mobile tablets, the number one realized benefit cited was ‘speeding up the sales process’ (44%), with improved CSI (39%) and efficiency

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.616184
Retrieved Text: Source: Journal of Geophysical Research-Earth Surface. 115: F03018. doi:10.1029/2008JF001188.
In this paper we examine the relationships among bedrock properties and hydraulics in shaping bedrock channel morphology at the reach scale. The Ocoee River and four other bedrock streams in the Blue Ridge province of the southeastern United States, which have reach scale differences in bedrock erodibility controlled by lithologic and structural variation, are the focus of this study. We describe a simple conceptual model for concentrated erosion in bedrock channels and test three hypotheses in order to investigate the interactions among rock erodibility, characteristics of undulating rib like bed forms, reach scale gradient, and hydraulic roughness and energy dissipation. Substrate differences correlate with variation in reach morphology (i.e., gradient, bed form orientation, and amplitude), such that less erodible substrates are associated with steeper reach gradient and with transversely oriented ribs of greater amplitude. One dimensional modeling in HEC RAS indicated that in the reach with the least erodible substrate and greatest bed slope and rib amplitude, the reach averaged hydraulic roughness was the greatest. Increased hydraulic roughness in steeper reaches points to the importance of positive and negative feedbacks in these systems: Greater substrate erosional resistance limits profile lowering, which likely creates steeper bed slopes and greater stream power, creating a self-enhancing feedback. This local increase in stream power is balanced by increased roughness resulting from the erosional processes that produce bedrock ribs, which represents a self regulating feedback. The overall result reflects quantifiable adjustments between substrate resistance and hydraulic driving forces in bedrock channels.
Goode, Jaime R.;

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.583673
Retrieved Text: Your resistance band exercises can be designed to replicate your desired golf swing, but we believe that an upper and lower body workout with resistance bands will enhance your performance on the golf course and add endurance and flexibility to your everyday routine.Resistance band exercises are unique in that they allow you to determine the amount of tension to be applied. By standing with your feet a certain distance apart, you can change the tension on your squats. By standing further away from the door when your resistance band is attached, you can add more resistance to your chest presses or lateral flys. And by placing the band forward or backward in your stance, you can adjust the pattern of your golf swing.Don't do this alone. We recommend asking your golf pro, athletic trainer or perhaps a physical or occupational therapist to help you decide on the resistance band exercises that will help you add the greatest enjoyment to your golf game. If you want to learn more,click on the following!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.334211
Retrieved Text: The Revvll ONE mobile rope trainer provides continuous variable resistance on demand. It’s the perfect tool to support endless rope training movements for users of all experience types.
This modality is one of the most effective ways to train strength and endurance in the upper body and core. Rope resistance training offers the highest time-under-tension and a constant but adjustable resistance for pushing and pulling movements. The Revvll ONE is extremely compact, light, and can be anchored almost anywhere.
Robust, mobile rope trainer with continuously variable resistance setting. The Revvll ONE is the perfect entry to endless rope training.
Endless rope trainers (or rope resistance trainers) are probably the most effective way to train strength and endurance in the upper body and core. Rope resistance training offers the highest time-under-tension and a constant but adjustable resistance for all pushing and pulling movements. Revvll systems are extremely compact, light, and can be used almost anywhere.
Why you need endless rope training. Training with this rope trainer is more versatile than any other training form. Depending on your position towards the Revvll ONE and its mounting height, you have different pushing, pulling, and rotating movements that leave no muscle uninvolved. With the adjustable resistance the training focus can be shifted progressively between extreme strength and endurance. The unusually high time under tension, in combination with the unmatched freedom of movement, results in a maximum training of the upper body in the shortest amount of time.
The advantages of rope climbing. Rope climbing not only challenges your back muscles but also your shoulders, arms,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.149004
Retrieved Text: The Australian Commission on Safety and Quality in Health Care (ACSQHC) coordinates Antibiotic Awareness Week in Australia as part of a global initiative to raise awareness of antibiotic resistance and promote the responsible use of antibiotics.
Antibiotic resistance has been identified as one of the greatest threats to human health today.
The prevalence of multidrug-resistant bacterial pathogens is rising worldwide. Patients with infections due to resistant bacteria experience delayed recovery and treatment failure and are more likely to die than patients with infections from non-resistant bacteria.
Antibiotic resistance is happening now - it is a worldwide problem that affects human and animal health.
Antibiotic resistance happens when bacteria develop defences that stop antibiotics from working effectively - meaning some infections may be impossible to treat.
A range of posters and infographics are available from the World Health Organization’s Antibiotic Awareness Week page.
There area Twitter discussions all week. Join the conversation and learn more about the problem of antibiotic resistance and safe antibiotic use. Many clinicians and organisations participate.
Follow the Commission @ACSQHC on Twitter, using the hashtags #AAW2018 #WAAW #AntibioticResistance and #AMR for the global Twitter chat.
utilising social media to promote key Antibiotic Awareness Week messages.
For further information on Antibiotic Awareness Week activities in South Australia, email SA Health's Infection Control Service.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.06716
Retrieved Text: McLuhan revolutionized media studies in the 1960’s by merely pointing to the importance of the media itself as opposed to the content material they carry. That is greatest illustrated by his seminal statement that The Medium is the Message”. To further prove his level, McLuhan adopted with thought-frightening claims like Media are the Extensions of Man”, and his commentary that we live in a International Village” which acquired much consideration inside in addition to exterior academic spheres.
Nonetheless, the section which caught my attention dealt with the dent resistance of lately developed composites in comparison with the current customary metal. Particularly, steel was compared to six several types of composites that are either in manufacturing or into consideration to be placed in manufacturing by the automotive trade. Below is a graph which is in L.T. Harper’s paper, which shows each material and its dent threshold (the amount of displacement wanted to be able to create a visual dent).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.02446
Retrieved Text: Bitcoin price started a correction lately and went above $4000 range.
The current support lies at $3600. The price may likely fall down up to this point soon as predicted by analysts.
Bitcoin price recovered a bit to move above the $4000 range but the bear trend is still not over as a major bear trend line is set around $4300 resistance which may push the price down towards the major support of $3600.
The last month proved to be deadly for bitcoin and other major altcoins as huge losses were faced by the cryptocurrency market due to high selling pressure. However, in the last week bitcoin had a small recovery from $3500 to above $4000. Bitcoin was able to break the major resistance at $3700 and $4000 but moved back below the $4000 range soon. Yesterday bitcoin price showed a recovery again moving the price above $4000 but the amount of volumes being traded is far below than the volumes which took the price down last month and so a major bear attack is being predicted in the upcoming week.
Bitcoin price must break the key resistance around $4300 and $4400 in order to move further above but the resistance proves to be quite strong and may lead to a further downfall in price. If this resistance is somehow broken, the next major resistance lies just $100 above this point i.e. at $4500 which is also quite strong and breaking such strong resistances is nearly impossible at the moment.
Bitcoin is currently trading around $4176 according to CoinGecko with the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.016394
Retrieved Text: Commercial Roofing Solutions – Understand All About What Is Actually Included?
Commercial roof repairs Birmingham is often a very competitive, really rewarding and worthwhile organization. As the income stakes are substantial for all involved only the best from the business can survive. Despite every thing being in place in contracts and lawfully binding clauses lots of negotiation goes on as to what exactly is covered and what is no so that you can extract probably the most sum of financial gain from consumers. Traces are blurred and roofing products and services providers endeavor to cover driving clauses in order to keep away from certain objects to the career deal.
It is critical to be a organization owner to concentrate on all methods utilized via the contractors in an effort to obtain the finest benefit with the financial investment you make in industrial roofing companies. Remain on guard to stop staying scammed.
Before going any further learn a single significant fact – there isn’t a maintenance no cost roofing. It doesn’t matter the amount of you paid or what it states around the roofing revenue page, regardless of whether it’s durable or sturdy, has higher effect resistance or fireplace resistance and is particularly fabricated from high quality materials all roofs want decent maintenance. Although these are laid by roofing contractors with the greatest quantities of ability and skills roofs after a good length of time really need to get replaced.
When you have lived by using a leaky roof, you understand how problematic it could be. There is certainly issue of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.893671
Retrieved Text: Sandvik Coromants latest is designed for reliable machining, from aerospace to general engineering.
Sandvik Coromant's GC1115 ensures secure and reliable performance in applications ranging from aerospace to general engineering.
GC1115 combines the durability and heat resistance of fine-grain cemented carbide with wear-resistance supplied by a unique PVD coating, making it effective for predictable production systems (i.e., where unstable conditions are not likely.) The PVD coating also allows the grade to maintain sharp edges over a longer time in cut, while optimized micro-geometries ensure high component precision at low cutting forces.
Sandvik Coromant also indicated that GC1115 is versatile enough to complete an entire component and increase active machining time.
The new grade is designed for finishing to medium machining in stainless steel, and medium-machining to roughing in HRSA and titanium. Sandvik Coroman offers it in various positive and negative basic-shape inserts, as well as the full -M, -G and -E tolerance range for different insert edge sharpness and CoroCut® angled inserts for improved access in aerospace applications.
The toolmaker said GC1115 joins its other PVD products, GC1125 and GC1515, which it offers for “green light production.” These grades are marked by improved wear resistance, closer tolerances and higher security, for lower costs and true, undisturbed machining.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.878098
Retrieved Text: R&P POLYPLASTIC offers major polyformaldehyde brands under the trade name TECHNASET.
This material has the greatest rigidity and fatigue resistance of all thermoplastics and the lowest coefficient of static friction. Material is abrasion-resistant and frost-resistant (-40°C). PFL has a very high resistance to solvents and virtually all neutral organic substances. Parts made of it ensure fast assembly, which leads to savings in terms of production expenses.
It is used for the production of fine products applied in the automotive and electrical-equipment industries, mechanical and tool engineering (bearing cages, bearing, sliding parts), household appliances, sports accessories and consumer goods.
excellent appearance of product surface.
Parts made of PFL operate at temperatures of from 60°C to +140°C.
This composite may be processed on standard molding equipment without preliminary drying and with the use of the molding equipment developed for molding products made of formaldehyde copolymer SFD/STD and other polyformaldehydes. Melt temperature is 185-205°C, mold temperature is 80-100°C. In cases of prolonged stoppage of the molding machine (more than 20 min), it is necessary to block the batcher and clean any residue from the injection cylinder with polyethylene or polystyrene.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.822695
Retrieved Text: What is The hormone insulin Opposition?
A doctor might determine those who are likely to have got the hormone insulin weight which has a thorough affected person history, real test, in addition to lab tests.
On the whole clinical train, glucose levels along with fasting insulin levels provide the health practitioner using data as to whether insulin level of resistance exists, or you cannot offer, in affected individuals without the need of diabetes mellitus. An organisation a diagnosis are not to be manufactured simply according to this kind of, considering that the clinical systems for testing insulin shots can vary, and there's no numerical value for this is. Even so, a strong insulin shots degree previously the upper quartile within the going on a fast state in somebody without the need of having diabetes may be known as unusual. On top of that, a verbal sugar ceiling check (OGTT) can be used to recognize the hormone insulin amount of resistance and it's extra susceptible intended for detecting milder/previously disease. It calls for ingesting a well-known number of straightforward sugars in addition to calibrating blood sugar as well as insulin levels at baseline together with just one and 2 (and at times some) hours right after having.
Make sure you summarize your own experience with insulin level of resistance.
Exactly what changes to your eating habits include made it simpler for cope with your own insulin amount of resistance?
Absorbine Runners Foot or so, Absorbine Junior. Antimycotic, Aftate With regard to Sportsmen Feet, Blis-To be able to-So, Desenex Spew, Fungatin, Fungi-Shield, Genaspor,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.710472
Retrieved Text: These downloadable PDF documents (to the right) contain an overview of the Small Claims Court Laws for the State of Maryland, which should be helpful to any of my fellow REO contractors who are having trouble getting paid in that area. Maryland’s court website is tons more helpful than most of the other states’s that I have encountered during my research.
If the dollar amount owed to you is less than $5,000, then Small Claims Court will most likely be your path of least resistance to a remedy for non-paying Property Preservation clients.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.611029
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for an impartial Bodylastics resistance bands review, then get hold of a seat, and study each and every word in this report. It is that necessary!
In the next couple of min's, we will check out a few of the really important elements that you ought to consider when choosing any kind of exercise bands home gym.
First of all, we are going to introduce you to the Bodylastics Terrell Owens exercise bands. Subsequently, we're going to discuss why TO discontinued utilising dumbells and switched to exercise tubing. Also, if you have not necessarily already done so, you should think about doing the same thing. As a final point, we are going to focus on why the TO resistance bands really should be one of your prime three possibilities when you decide to shop for exercise bands.
Ever since he appeared on the cover of Muscle and Fitness mag, it seems that everybody wants to fnd out just the best way to get a Terrell Owens body. Well, believe it or not he didn't build those sculpted perfect abdominals working with free weights. Due to the fact inside NFL circles he is called the "Rubber Band Man."
Owens as you may most likely realize is a wide receiver in the NFL. Being a football player, he puts in the time required to sharpen the playing skills. Additionally, he also has to invest time engaging in lifting weights. However, contrary to most football players he does not devote any time exercising with free weights. Unbelievable as this

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.530008
Retrieved Text: Beginning the week of September 16, Solaluna will be offering free, early-morning practice sessions. This is an opportunity for people to explore a personal practice in a space where others are also practicing.
Sessions will take place Mondays and Fridays and will run from 6:30-7:45 AM.
What are we thinking with that 6:30 AM time?
We realize that we are not going to have hundreds of people beating down the door at 6:30 Monday morning all pepped up to do their yoga.
The people who do arrive will most likely be slow-moving and will look a little bleary-eyed at first.
And when these sleepy practitioners begin, it is entirely possible that they will experience sluggish, mucky resistance to yoga, accompanied by persuasive internal voices encouraging a retreat back to bed.
Which is surely just the thing you’ve been seeking to fill that early morning Monday & Friday slot on your calendar, is it not?
Mention of mucky resistance might seem an ineffective way to promote something that already doesn’t seem to have much going for it. Yet the resistance has to be mentioned 1) because it happens (if you’ve taken even a few yoga classes, you’ve experienced it), and 2) because it is intertwined with all the very good, truly wonderful reasons for practicing.
When I was just starting to teach yoga, my friend Chandler and I would meet early in the morning once per week and do sun salutations. I can tell you that I had a tremendous amount of resistance to waking up. I also had an equally tremendous amount of resistance

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.514797
Retrieved Text: ​This stationary bike is excellent for toning up and losing weight. Also, you can use it to perform HIIT training.
If you're looking for an affordable stationary bike you can use at home, then this Sunny SF-1001 Indoor Cycling Bike is a great option that keeps the cost low without compromising on quality.
Stationary bikes are excellent for toning up and losing weight for a large number of reasons. Not only do they allow you to achieve a high level of exertion in one spot but they're also low impact and perfect for training while reading a book or watching TV.
This particular model from Sunny also offers variable resistance in the form of a tension pad. Instead of having the standard option of selection from numerous different levels of resistance, you instead have the ability to gradually increase or decrease the amount of resistance as you please.
This makes it very easy to see yourself progressing over time and means you don't have that sudden 'jump' as you go from level 6 to level 7.
At 43'' high this is also a relatively low exercise bike, and for many people, this small frame will be a considerable advantage as it means you can fit it into a small flat or a crowded space. The small size is also great for those who may want to take the bike with them moving home or otherwise traveling around.
Despite being small and affordable though, the bike is also very sturdy and isn't likely to wear out anytime soon thanks to a heavy-duty steel

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.509106
Retrieved Text: Forex Course Singapore Review Binary Options Stock Trading Support and Resistance Lines Levels: Trading Signal Tools: Stochastic Oscillator is a momentum.Thank you for conducting the forex course at such an affordable price.
Many offers that appear on Reviews.com are from companies from which the site receives compensation.
The capital required is the amount required by the brokerage for deposit a margin account. forex trading courses in singapore reviews us brokers for binary options.
Forex Trading Reviews. A forex broker that excels in the Training Education category regularly offers webinars and videos so traders can advance quickly,.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.483212
Retrieved Text: An inexpensive Calcium Scan may guide you to a healthier heart while alerting you to other hidden health conditions.
Type 2 Diabetes is actually Insulin Resistance which is actually Heart Disease.
If you do not suffer from Insulin Resistance, you do not suffer from Heart Disease.
If you do not have Heart Disease, can you really be suffering from Type 2 Diabetes?
Heart & Cardiovascular Disease is the NO. 1 cause of most deaths in the Westernized World. Where does Type 2 Diabetes lie in the list of causes of Death?
Protect yourself from and avoid Heart/Cardiovascular Disease.
What happens to Type 2 Diabetes?
The Elephant in the Room is Insulin Resistance. It's not just about Diabetes.
Heart Disease, our greatest health risk may be significantly reduced when you eat low carbohydrate meals.
I do not offer a separate Self-Study Session for Type 2 Diabetes. It is not necessary.
When you avoid Insulin Resistance to protect yourself from Heart Disease, you also avoid Type 2 Diabetes. When you avoid Type 2 Diabetes, you may also avoid Heart Disease.
Neolife is a committed partner in your goal.
Neolife Shake nutrients mostly avoid the risks associated in the previous Video at the top of the digestive tract resulting from highly refined carbohydrates. They are processed in the lower gut.
Neolife products offer one of the Five Pillars you apply to achieve and maintain long term Heart Health.
Please note the number of these natural foods are offered within Neolife's Whole Food products.
what is an effective type of diet for your heart?
This video completes Study Cession # 16.
This video offers interesting comparisons on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.433422
Retrieved Text: not really worth the set , if you go for dps you better go non-set items.
As a raiding mage, I have used this item through MC and BWL and into AQ40. It is not the greatest of pants, but I do recommend it for those who want a good pair of pants that are not very hard to get. It drops off Magmadar (usually the second boss in MC, it depends on which way you go), at roughly a 15-20% rate.
Stat-wise, this item is great. It has a good amount of intellect and stamina, and a decent amount of spirit. It also gives you an extra 10 shadow resistance, which can be very valuable in some of the encounters in MC. When it comes to the spell damage, however, this item is a bit lacking. It only provides an extra 20 spell damage and an extra 14 points to your critical strike rating (1% in the old system).
In my opinion, this item is worth getting if it drops. Granted, netherwind is better (and if you're looking for a very good pair of damage pants, you might want to try to get Leggings of the Black Blizzard off Ossirian the Unscarred in AQ20), and if your guild can kill Ragnaros (who drops all of the tier 2 pants), I highly recommend that you take that over this.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.422777
Retrieved Text: We pared 9 finest Powerlifting resistance bands over the past 2 years. Distinguish which Powerlifting resistance bands is best for you. You can also Search by activity, resistance, Brands and type or opt for one of our Powerlifting resistance bands feature picks.
As of our greatest pick Pull Up Assist Bands Resistance Powerlifting Crossfit Stretching Fitness Booty is a fine starting, it provides all the best features with an exciting price only at Resistance-bands.org.
Exercise of resistance bands conforming to Rubberbanditz. Rubberbanditz elastic resistance bands that pass to the next level. In pole strength fitness, swedish gymnastics, ladder pulls, portable fitness training designed to withstand maximum performance.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.417002
Retrieved Text: Elkonite® is a trademark of Sherbrooke Metals Corporation.
The refractory metals are insoluble in silver and copper. They do not form alloys and cannot be made by the usual melting and casting methods. Instead they are made by powder metallurgy techniques. Elkonite® is made using the press-sinter-infiltration procedure whereby refractory powders are pressed and sintered to form strong bodies with a pre-determined amount of porosity. The pores are then filled with molten silver or copper to form essentially fully dense bodies. There is usually an excess of silver or copper on one of the surfaces which in most cases is removed by machining. With the press-sinter-infiltrate process, the refractory content of the materials can range from about 35% to 90% by weight. The materials made by the press-sinter-infiltration process normally have the greatest resistance to arc erosion. They are used for almost all of the larger switchgear contacts as well as for some of the lighter duty applications.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.414207
Retrieved Text: This resistance calculator calculates the resistance of an electronic component based on the voltage which is dropped across the component and the amount of current going through the component, according to the formula, R=V/I.
A user enters the voltage, V, and the current, I, and the result will automatically be calculated and shown. The resistance result which is displayed above is in unit ohms (â„¦).
This equation above represents ohm's law.
Enter the Power and Voltage or Current to compute result.
This resistance calculator calculates the resistance of an electronic component based on the power that the component consumes and either the voltage which is dropped across it or the current going through it, according to the formulas, R=V2/P (if power and voltage are known) or R=P/I2 (if power and current are known).
To use this calculator, a user enters the power, P, and either the current, I, or the voltage, V, and the result will automatically be calculated and shown. The resistance result which is displayed above is in unit ohms (â„¦).
This resistance calculator calculates the resistance of an electronic component from the resistivity formula. The resultant value is based on the resistivity of the wire or material, the length of the wire, and the cross-sectional area of the wire, according to the formula R=Ï�L/A.
To use this calculator, a user must enter all fields, the resistivity, Ï�, of the material, the length, L, of the material, and the cross-sectional area, A, of the material, and the result will automatically be calculated and shown. The resistance result which is displayed above

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.361559
Retrieved Text: What Are Aerobic Exercises That Don't Use the Legs?
Aerobic exercise increases your pulse and breath rate, which raises the level of oxygen in your blood. This process helps improve cardiovascular health, clear your body of toxins, accelerate healing, accelerate weight loss and increase overall physical fitness. Large muscles of the arms, hips and legs are used in aerobic exercise. To perform an aerobic workout without the use of your legs, the workout will focus on arm movements.
Exercising in water is a low-impact activity that does not require the use of the legs, and you can burn 400 to 500 calories per hour with aquatic aerobic exercise. Consider performing the ball lever exercise, during which you lie flat and face down in the water with your head out of the water to facilitate breathing, and holding an inflated ball out in front of you. Keep your arms straight and move the ball down into the water in an arc, bringing it to your thighs, then return it to the front. The larger the ball, the greater the resistance and, consequently, the greater the intensity of your workout.
You can get an aerobic workout while seated in a chair or wheelchair. If using a chair, stabilize the legs to prevent movement. If you are in a wheelchair, apply the brakes during aerobic exercise. Possible exercises include the use of a resistance band or dumbbells for various resistance exercises. Try air punching or the use of a speed bag for added intensity.
Rowing machines and rowing in a kayak or canoe

================



======= Instance Index 1220 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are smaller skeleton or larger skeleton ):

The larger the animal, the heavier the exoskeleton, making movement more difficult.


When an animal is smaller it needs to have a smaller skeleton or larger skeleton?

Target Text: smaller skeleton

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.982512
Retrieved Text: The Animal Cracker Oral Motor Exercise with Shape Identification is a do it yourself activity designed for parents of children with sensory processing disorder and special needs to do. This activity adds proprioceptive input and is a good way to work on oral speech skills.
Animal Crackers or Annie's Homegrown Bunny crackers (which are smaller).
Step Three: Have the child pick an animal cracker up off the table with the straw, by sucking through the straw.
Step Four: Repeat Step Three.
The OT Toolbox The OT Toolbox is a website with ideas and tools for teachers, therapists, and parents.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.711727
Retrieved Text: Locals thought it was a small cheetah—but on looking closer, they say it’s worth $30,000!
When this large, spotted feline was seen running wild in the streets of Reading, Pennsylvania, at first, people thought it was a cheetah that got loose. After she was captured, they found out what she was, and when nobody came forward to claim her, it was assumed she had been kept as an illegally owned pet.
Police were notified, and rescuers were immediately sent out to capture the animal. She wasn’t a cheetah, however, though she was spotted, and she was African. The feline was smaller than a cheetah, though definitely no house cat.
To own such a creature, one needs an exotic animal license, but, as no one came for her and there was no record in Berks County for the legal possession of such an animal, it was concluded that she was illegal and most likely had been kept to mate with a house cat; her offspring would produce the Savannah breed, and they arelegal.
He also stressed his concern about the legalities for owning exotic animals.
The African cat was taken in by the Animal Rescue League of Berks County to a big cat facility where she would be cared for.
“She is just such a magnificent animal and she has captivated everyone who has seen her,” Hubric said.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.662258
Retrieved Text: Q: Any thoughts on mixing animal print and florals in the same room? Need interior decorating advice!
I was thinking of adding two animal print chairs to a room with a floral couch. Any thoughts? Thank you.
That is tough without seeing your choices. You can mix and match florals and prints that agree/ coordinate in color and scale. Scale is important when choosing print furniture. Is the floral a smaller scale and the animal print larger? That will work, if the colors are right. Then make sure your accents aren't loud. Use them to tone it down, if you need to. Maybe your pillows are solid colors and your walls are neutral. -That would work!
Mixing animal print fabrics with other fabric patterns in a room can work very well depending on the fabric. Mixing with a floral pattern can work depending on the sizes of the patterns, the colors of the animal print and florals and the style of the room. It can create a very interesting, eclectic room to mix and match, however, you must be careful to choose colors in the patterns that compliment one another, the colors of the patterns do not have to match, they just need to look good together. If you have a large, bold floral pattern on your sofa then the animal print on your chairs needs to be a similar size and also more bold. If you have a sofa with a lot of detail and small florals two chairs in an animal print will most likely not look

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.384401
Retrieved Text: A lion local to the Bannerghatta Biological Park attempted to hitch a ride in a most peculiar manner.
The polite thing to do would have been to inquire as to whether the car was going its way. Instead, the lion decides it should just eat the car and carry on with its day.
Times of India (h/t Mashable) reports on a terrifying scenario that played out on either January 28 or 29.
While we can’t be sure of the exact date this lion meandering the confines of this Karnataka park tried to attack the car, we do know that the driver is no longer squiring travelers around anymore.
The car, which reportedly suffered a previous lion encounter, stopped long enough for a lion walking by to hop onto the rear of the car and, seemingly, bite into the exterior. This would have been the moment we would have expected a quick getaway. Instead, the driver slowly moves forward and, astonishingly, stops again as if to tempt the wild animal.
The report notes that the car is indeed smaller than the usual automotive type that typically whisks visitors around the park. In this case, the smaller, the more expensive, as the SUV is for patrons paying more for the experience.
If you are wondering why a lion would leap onto a car like this—aside from it, you know, being an animal—the publication cites the explanation from an unnamed veterinarian.
Nobody was injured, but we hope it’s situations like this that continue to illustrate the kind of care and safety that needs to be taken

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.31521
Retrieved Text: The English language is a rich one, with plenty of interesting, descriptive words. It can be confusing for new speakers, however, when a commonly-used word has multiple definitions — and that’s where today’s quiz comes in.
We have listed here 25 different animal names, from an ape to a wolf. All 25 words, however, can also mean something else. Can you match each animal name with it’s non-animal definition?
Par for this one is 20 out of 25 — don’t worry; as you get answers right and wrong, your selection will get smaller and smaller, making it easier to find the right answer. Do your best — we believe in you!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.942276
Retrieved Text: HI, AT ROSINA ANIMAL CENTRE WE RESCUE A WIDE RANGE OF ANIMALS INCLUDING AVIARY BIRDS. WE DO NOT REHOME THE ANIMALS AT ROSINA ANIMAL CENTRE BUT TRY TO HELP PEOPLE REHOME THEIR ANIMALS IF THEY ARE HAVING TROUBLE FINDING THE RIGHT HOME.
WE PREFER THAT THE ANIMALS GO STRAIGHT FROM ONE HOME TO ANOTHER BUT WE ARE ALSO ABLE TO FOSTER THEM FOR A SHORT WHILE IF THE ANIMAL NEEDS TO BE REHOMED FAST.
WE ASK A DONATION OF £10 (A FINDERS FEE) WE THEN CONTACT THE PEOPLE ON OUR FOSTER LIST AND OUR NEW HOMES LIST, WE DO A HOME CHECK AND MAKE SURE THAT WE REHOME THE ANIMAL TO THE RIGHT FAMILY RATHER THAN THE FIRST COME FIRST SERVE SCENARIO.
WE RESCUED 30 BUDGIE AND COCKATIELS A FEW MONTHS AGO THEY ARE IN A SMALLER AVIARY BUT ARE SAFE WITH US AS THE OWNER WAS GOING TO JUST LET THEM FREE TO GET RID OF THEM.
THE AVIARY GIVES THEM ROOM TO PERCH, FEED, SLEEP AND PLAY BUT IT NEEDS TO BE EXTENDED AS THE MORE BIRDS WE TAKE IN THE LESS ROOM THERE IS FOR THEM TO FLY AROUND.
ROSINA ANIMAL CENTRE RELIES ENTIRELY ON DONATIONS AND IS NOT GOVERNMENT FUNDED BUT SOMETIMES WE FALL SHORT WHEN WE HAVE A FEW BUSY WEEKS OF RESCUES.
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO SUPPORT ROSINA ANIMAL CENTRE AND ITS FAMILY OF AVIARY BIRDS YOU CAN, BY DONATING FOOD, TREATS OR TOYS, EVEN BUILDING MATERIALS SUCH AS WOOD WILL HELP US TO NOT ONLY ENHANCE THEIR LIVES BUT WILL ENABLE US TO TAKE

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.813591
Retrieved Text: OUR ONLINE CATALOG and this fashion animal pattern leopard giraffe zebra nylon scarf page serve as a cross-section of our China exports. Greater variety is available. Email us a photo example of what you seek. Export prices often change. All are re confirmed after your inquiry. You will be emailed a pro-forma invoice offer.
China Factory Minimum Quantity of fashion animal pattern leopard giraffe zebra nylon scarf can be negotiated with factories. Dollar Amount is often more important to smaller factories than the quantity of each piece. Minimum quantity often can be divided among several fashion animal pattern leopard giraffe zebra nylon scarf styles or stock numbers. Please inquire with us about your specific needs for smaller quantities than those listed. Smaller quantity can result in a bit higher price. Ask us for a quote.
Custom Fashion Logo Available. Have a special design or logo that you need on fashion animal pattern leopard giraffe zebra nylon scarf or other fashion? We can custom supply any custom work, hanging tags, inner labels, packaging that you need. Just send us your requirements.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.632027
Retrieved Text: Opossums eat normal foods like fruits, fish and eggs, but they also eat ticks, snakes, insects, snails, slugs, mice and rats. This makes them excellent pest control assistants.
It is extremely rare for an opossum to contract rabies. In fact, they are remarkably resistant to many common animal diseases, including distemper. Contrary to popular belief, if you see an opossum wandering about during the day, this does not mean they have rabies. Although they do usually rest during the day, they will go out foraging in times when food is scarce.
It is estimated that an opossum could potentially eat 4,000 ticks in a single week. They are also very unlikely to carry Lyme or other tick-borne infections. This not only protects them, but also protects us.
Opossums are known for their immunity to most snake venom. Not only do they eat poisonous snakes but they may also possess an antidote for venomous snakebites in humans.
“Playing possum” is a term that we are all familiar with, but what you might not know it that this “act” is actually a seizure that leaves the animal with little control over when it begins or ends. The comatose state can last for a few minutes or up to several hours. Please do not assume the animal is dead and try to dispose of the body. If you can see no obvious injuries, just leave the animal alone. If you believe the animal is hurt, please contact your local rehabber.
Virginia Opossums are North America’s only marsupial. When their babies are only 12 days

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.309032
Retrieved Text: MORGANTON, NC (WBTV) - Nancy Whisenant has been a licensed wildlife rehabilitator for more than two decades. She has cared for everything from bunnies, to bear cubs, to deer.
She is called on by Wildlife Resource Officers when wild animals are killed on a highway or elsewhere and their babies are left behind. So far this year, she has cared for more than 80 bunnies and 20 fawns. Her job is to raise them in a way that they can be released into the wild at some point.
Last week a call came in from Asheville stating that a fawn needed to be cared for. Though she has done it hundreds of times before, this case is different. The fawn is the smallest she has ever seen, she said.
"Much smaller than a normal newborn," she says.
Most newborn deer are in the six-pound range. This female fawn was less than three. Whisenant says in the week that she had had it, the fawn's prognosis has improved markedly. It was thin and full of maggots when she got it, but now the tiny deer is eating and thriving.
Whisenant says this is the busiest time of year for cases like this, and she wants to remind people that unless they are experts with a license in wildlife rehabilitation, taking care of an animal like a fawn is illegal.
"If they catch you, you will be fined," she said.
She also says most people do not have the training or proper food for the animals and could, in fact, kill it when trying to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.275434
Retrieved Text: The Paw Army Foundation (http://www.pawarmy.org) has announced new recognition levels or “Rank Advancements” for members of the Paw Army!
The first phase of changing animal rescue as we know it is raising a massive army comprised of an interconnected social network of animal lovers, animal recuse volunteers, foster families, animal shelters and animal rescue organizations of all types.
Like any charitable organization Paw Army needs to raise money but equally important is to grow the Army of recruits on such a massive scale that it has the power and influence and infrastructure to effect massive rapid change.
Tens of thousands of animal lovers work tirelessly with very limited time and resources to make a difference in their local markets and in some cases as is true with the pilot rescue organizations, even on a nationwide scale.
While major national rescue organizations operate on a large scale with massive budgets and overhead, there are far more individuals and smaller organizations that until now have been limited in their ability to make a difference.
The Paw Army gives everyone from an individual who decides to adopt a pet rather than purchase one from a pet shop all the way to mid to large sized rescue organizations to come together and act as one focused massive army for change!
The Paw Army Needs You!
We want any and all animal lovers to join Paw Army regardless of their level of financial or time commitment they have to animal rescue.
Joining and participating in The Paw Army can be as simple an as limited as just becoming a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.21853
Retrieved Text: Reactive targets are put simply targets that react when you shoot them. It's a pretty broad term and it can mean a lot of things, but commonly the target will move or do other things once struck by a bullet.
Reactive shooting targets are a lot of fun and are also incredibly useful tool for building marksmanship skills, so don't just dismiss them as a gimmick for making range days more fun.
A reactive target can take a number of different forms and serve a variety of needs. There are reactive steel targets, reactive paper targets, and also reactive pistol, rifle and shotgun targets. In short, it's a shooting accessory that any sort of shooter can use, be they a handgun operator who carries for defense, or hunters of fowl or big game - or both. They're also great for people who just like to go plinking every now and again.
Plenty of people fit all of the above too.
The value of reactive targets is many are smaller than a typical paper or other target. A shooter can thus practice placing groups in smaller spaces, a vital skill for anyone who needs to put a round where it needs to go. That's the basis of good shooting in a defensive situation and a core value of ethical hunting; the former to dispatch a threat and the latter to ensure game is harvested and doesn't suffer.
Whatever kind of shooting you do on any sort of regular or irregular basis, there's a reactive target that will fit your needs. There are

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.154306
Retrieved Text: Consider your dog’s age and size. It makes sense an active, growing puppy needs more food than your 10-year-old. If you’ve been adjusting the amount you feed your fellow over the years, you’re probably doing it right.
When it comes to numbers, count on your vet. Your vet can tell you how many calories your dog needs each day. And if you need to cut that down—or beef it up for an underweight animal—the vet can share tips to help make the transition easier—for you and for Fido.
What feeding schedule fits your dog best? It might be convenient for you to serve up your dog’s meal once a day. But many dogs do better when the food’s given at a couple of times a day. For puppies and smaller dogs, several smaller meals keep them healthiest.
Compared to canned food, dry food is usually lower in calories. So make canned food a treat, not the main course, if your pooch has a, well, pooch. With your vet’s advice, adjust the portions if your animal is underweight or recovering from an illness.
Did you know there’s an organization that sets nutrition standards for pets at different stages of life? It’s the Association of American Feed Control Officials (AAFCO). If the package of the food you use mentions this group, they’re paying close attention to what’s in their food. If not, contact the food maker for details about calories and nutrition.
You can ignore most advertising terms like “premium” and “gourmet.” As with people food, there’s no standard meaning for these terms.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.153202
Retrieved Text: If we humans wanted to scale vertical walls like Spider-Man, 40% of our body would have to be covered in sticky footpads. This would require very large sticky feet with shoes in European size 145 or US size 114.
A gecko and its sticky feet.
These numbers have recently been estimated by a team of zoologists at the University of Cambridge. Their new study, published in PNAS, explains why nature hasn't produced adhesion-based climbers larger than the gecko. As the size of a climbing animal increases, the percentage of body surface that needs to be covered by sticky pads increases too, setting a limit to the size of animal using this strategy: larger animals would require very big feet. The necessary shape changes would make the evolution of this trait impractical.
David Labonte and his colleagues based their study on a simple geometrical observation. "As animals increase in size, the amount of body surface area per volume decreases – an ant has a lot of surface area and very little volume, and an elephant is mostly volume with not much surface area," explains Labonte.
which decreases as the size of the sphere, measured by , inreases: the larger the sphere, the smaller the amount of surface area per volume. And while animals aren’t usually spherical, their shapes aren’t outlandish enough to defy the inverse relationship between surface area per volume and size. This means that, to hold its weight, a larger sticky climbing animal needs to cover a larger proportion of its body in sticky pads than a smaller one.
How

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.073132
Retrieved Text: My favorite animals are orca whales. SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment has been holding orca whales captive for over fifty years. Beloved animals are close to our hearts. Whether it is a pet or wild, everyone has a favorite animal. How would you feel if you knew your favorite animal would soon no longer be a part of this earth? What if you were told that your favorite animal was endangered? This means that a specific species of creatures are seriously at risk for extinction. Since SeaWorld is holding orcas captive, the species in the wild is growing smaller and smaller. SeaWorld does more harm to the orca species than good, causing the whales to become endangered in the wild.
The orca is not the only species endangered by parks and zoos. When visiting zoos, we can see that the animals are not starving or dying behind their cages. But too often, the causes of suffering tend to smudge our view of what is wrong. Animals in cages might automatically lead to us responding with sadness and quilt. We should not believe all captivity is helping these animals. Many consequences occur when being taken away from natural habitats, like a shortened life span and the inability to reproduce freely. Captive animals also ruin our circle of life. If all prey were captive, what would the predator eat? Nothing. That would lead to the predator starving to death and ultimately cause it to go extinct.
A large debate is whether or not to keep animals in zoos. 67% of people

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.962742
Retrieved Text: Ask the shelter: Is my dog too old to be spayed?
The Cumberland Valley Animal Shelter answers your pet questions.
Q: How old is too old to have a dog spayed?
A: This can be a tricky question for pet owners because of the risk of surgery for older dogs. It really depends on the animal. I would most definitely consult with your vet to discuss your options. Make sure your vet checks your new pup’s heart to see if it’s strong enough for surgery, and include blood work to determine if spaying the dog would be okay. If your vet feels there wouldn’t be too many complications, it’s probably a good idea to have the surgery because sometimes intact animals can have health problems later in life. Males can develop testicular cancer, and females can have mammary tumors or pyometra - an infection of the uterus. In both cases, the diseases can seriously affect a pet’s health, and in some instances, be fatal. So, if your vet feels your older dog is strong enough for the surgery, it’s probably a good idea to go through with it. This is a tough decision to have to make because even with all the tests, there’s still no guarantee. Talk the situation over with your vet, and I’m sure you’ll make the right decision for the health of your four-legged friend.
MORE: Ask the shelter: When is it time to put an animal down?
MORE: Ask the shelter: Could my cat's excessive drinking be a sign of diabetes?
Q: I’d like to get a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.829027
Retrieved Text: The Jackson County Animal Shelter recently recovered 11 bunnies after being found, crammed inside a dog crate on an abandoned porch.
The shelter does not receive funding to care for these smaller animals, as most of the limited resources are geared towards dog and cat rescue services. Volunteers of the shelter took on the responsibility of caring, spaying, and neutering the bunnies through a foster home program organized by the animal shelter.
All the rabbits have received medical and affectionate care from the shelter and are ready to be adopted this weekend.
The animal shelter was surprised to discover that one of the rescued rabbits was pregnant, and recently gave birth to a litter of bunnies, adding six more to the adoption list - once they have received proper veterinary care.
The Jackson County Animal Shelter will host a bunny adoption event on February 9-10, 2019 from 12 p.m.- 3 p.m. at the shelter on S. Pacific Highway in Phoenix.
After announcing the event, they also received numerous guinea pigs from Pet’s-Mart, who claimed to have no more room for them. The guinea pigs will also be available for adoption during the bunny adoption event this weekend.
"Taking care of a rabbit or a guinea pig is not something that's just a year or two - they end up living longer than that and so the family really needs to be committed to it, same thing with cats and dogs," Barbara Talbert, Manager at Jackson County Animal Shelter said.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.790718
Retrieved Text: Spokane County Regional Animal Protection Service (SCRAPS), an open-admission animal control agency in Washington state, has been around since 1922, when dog licenses were $1 and—according to old record books—the most common breed of dog was a “cur.” In those days, everyone knew the animal shelter as a “dog pound,” and “dogcatchers” patrolled the streets.
Today, our animal protection officers work out of a brand-new animal shelter, providing services throughout unincorporated Spokane County and the municipalities within the county. The road to our new regional model has been a long and winding one, with a few speed bumps along the way. It all began when SCRAPS staff and area elected officials envisioned a regional program with streamlined processes and better services for the people and pets in our community. The idea was to take a complicated system with multiple providers and make it simple, easy to understand and functional.
a modern regional animal shelter served as a community resource, offering help with animal behavior problems, providing humane education, promoting responsible pet ownership and encouraging volunteerism while providing a safe haven for homeless animals.
Our move toward this model began almost a decade ago with a simple conversation in a SCRAPS staff strategic planning session. We became more serious five years ago when county government and municipalities within the county formed a regional animal control task force. Government officials recognized that the then-current system was disjointed: A county agency provided service to some areas, and a nonprofit managed needs in others. Built in 1972, the county’s open-admission animal shelter was

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.69706
Retrieved Text: We know smaller pets often have lots of character too! We know how important it is to provide them with daily contact to keep them happy and content. We can come and visit them while you’re away and clean out their hutches or dens and provide company. We can give them exercise outside their pen in an enclosed area .We can replace log’s for your guinea pig to gnaw on, place vitamin c tablets in their water for them, replace your rabbits hay and top up their supply of green vegetables, hide food around your rat’s den for them to find, replace cardboard tubes that your hamster runs through, and offer your chinchilla a daily dust bath to enjoy. Using a small animal sitting service rather than a pet boarding service means that your pet doesn’t have to travel in the car to a different environment and it means you don’t have to travel to collect your pet when you return home. Our small animal sitting service cares for animals in the St Albans area. Our visits are 20 minutes long meaning we have time to provide company and playtime for your pet not simply cleaning out their cage and changing their food and water bowls. We recognise that smaller pets are individual characters and may not like handling so we will follow your care requirements. In addition to this, we can carry out basic household tasks such as watering plants, opening and closing blinds and taking out waste and recycling bags. We have experience in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.694946
Retrieved Text: Eating Mostly Plants is in essence a plant-based diet with a focus on vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, nuts and seeds with the inclusion of meat and other animal products in moderation. This way of eating, also know as flexitarianism, allows you to reap the benefits of vegetarianism without having to give up meat completely. If you love meat or feel deprived without it, you don’t need to give it up–– you can simply change the ratio on your plate, using meat as an accent rather than a centerpiece.
New studies have shown that eating more fruits, vegetables, and whole grains can boost your memory and improve your cognitive ability. Eating mostly plants is one of the best ways to preserve memory and mental sharpness as you age.
Plants are Mother Nature’s prescription for improved health. They are chock-full of protective vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants, many of which cannot be found in animal protein. In addition, studies have demonstrated that people who consume a plant-based diet also consume more of every essential nutrient the body needs, dispelling the myth that meat-free diets are nutrient deficient. Some people are concerned about getting enough protein on a plant-based diet; however, most vegetarians and vegans meet or exceed their protein requirements. Simply add protein-rich foods like legumes, nuts, seeds, whole grains, and vegetables to boost your protein intake.
When you focus on eating more vegetables, you naturally eat less meat and fewer processed foods. It’s not about going completely plant-based or vegan (unless you want to.) There’s no one way or right

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.634954
Retrieved Text: We stock rabbits, guinea pigs and hamsters with a comprehensive range of feeds, bedding and accessories. We have a large range of small animal housing both indoor and outdoor including hutches, runs and smaller animal homes.
From your Rabbits to your Gerbils we hold a large array of products to suit your needs. We stock a large amount of treats and food plus the various types of bedding needed and housing.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.615942
Retrieved Text: Handling animals of such a great size and girth could pose potential problems when it comes to weighing the animal properly. Whether weighing the animal for weight control or medication dosing, in either case, the readings have to be accurate.
For example, the animal could be unstable and not really used to being in such a controlled environment. For this reason, it refuses to get on the animal scale. The other extreme case is that when it steps onto the veterinary scale, the animal kicks and scratches the scale. This makes it imperative for the digital scale to be rugged for any of these particular environments.
Obviously, one of the most important features is the ruggedness and durability of the digital scale. Calibration is also another important factor when it comes to weighing. Scales need to be properly balanced. All of Arlyn???s bench scales, platform scales or even floor scales are balanced and calibrated at the factory, eliminating the need for an installation technician, which can save a ton of time, money, and resources. Simply place the scale in the desired spot, turn it on, and youre ready to weigh.
On the other hand, Arlyn???s bench scales, floor scales, or even platform scales must be lightweight and transportable. For best portability, they may need to run from battery power. A long life, rechargeable battery pack adds another level of convenience.
When buying a scale, the most critical components of the scale are the load cells. They are carefully attached to the scale platform. They convert the weight of the animal

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.588503
Retrieved Text: Whatever the size of the bag, women always try to carry their entire home in them. Well...I'm no exception!!! With the result that my bags are highly cluttered...absoloutely all the time!
It's a very smart and a highly organized bag/pouch that fits into your handbag and has pockets of varying sizes, so you can switch all your cosmetics, medicines, mobile phone, spectacles, bills, pens/pencils to the bag's separate pockets... and all those little things too that you keep fumbling for when you need them so urgently. Now you simply lift the switcher by the handle and transfer it into your main bag and your life will be so much more saner! All you have to do now is unzip your bag and just glance through, and you will find what you need. Trust me, it works! Another thing...I dont have to fret about changing my handbag now (which I love to do so very often), just transferring the switcher from one bag to another does the job.
These bags are sturdy, very reasonably priced and available in interesting colors & prints - Plain Color Bag Switcher : Rs. 399, Printed Bag Switcher : Rs. 499, Plain Color Combo Bag Switcher : Rs. 599 (Big and Small Together), Printed Combo Bag Switcher : Rs. 699 (Big and Small Together). The best part is that they are available in various sizes so you can customize them as per your needs...and they make for amazing gift items too. Currenly, I'm using the big bag switcher for my daily essentials and a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.577803
Retrieved Text: The mat is much smaller than it looks in the picture. Make sure to check the dimensions before purchasing. It is actually an insert into a bigger style mat.
This was a gift but upon receiving I could see it was nicely made. It is sturdy and I would say anyone with an animal needs the right flag!!
I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this flag. The solar lights are wonderful touch.
The picture does not do this flag justice. It is too cute, and the material is really sturdy. So happy that I go this!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.551874
Retrieved Text: ALPACA hair comes from just one of the species of the South American Camalidea, which differ greatly in appearance from the Afro-Asian Camel or Dromedary. However all are cud-chewing animals, which characteristically kick and spit fetid saliva, or undigested food when irritated. All have similar feet, well suited for walking on soft sand, moss or very fine grasses.
The Alpaca lives in the South American Andean region at altitudes as high as 5000 meters where it needs a thick fleece or coat to keep out the cold. They are domesticated animals and together with the LLAMA, have lived with man from time immemorial, highly valued for their fibre and meat. The ALPACA is a smaller version of the LLAMA and it is used mainly for food and clothing, whilst the larger heavier LLAMA is also used as a pack (load bearing) animal.
Alpaca’s can be split into two sub-breeds, the HUACAYO, which is the most numerous and represents about 90% of all the existing animals and the SURI making up the other 10%.
The Huacayo is more like the Llama in appearance, though slightly smaller with thick wavy hair covering most of the body. In contrast the Suri has long silky lustrous hair, which is very compact and more highly valued.
Alpaca farms are of various sizes. Generally, an Indian family will look after their own herds, rebanos, according to primitive breeding methods, handed down through the ages. Fertility is low and barely 50% though with richer nourishment and a lot of care this can be increased to 75-77%. They

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.539953
Retrieved Text: Lietuvos zoologijos sodas (Zoo Sodas) was established in 1938. It is located on a sloping site, covered with different species of majestic trees. It is the only zoo in Lithuania and has applied for an EAZA membership. In order to be accepted by EAZA the zoo needs to upgrade its existing exhibits to modern standards of animal husbandry. Many animal quarters are outdated, not doing right to animal welfare.
As partner in a design and build team – together with a local contractor – we particpated in a tender to developed a new masterplan for the zoo. We provided more detailed conceptual designs for 16 existing and new buildings. The new central square is the heart of the masterplan and is surrounded by the new Exotarium, the new Info Media Centre and a conservatory. A few old building from the Sovjet era are redesigned into new contemporary buildings. Others are newly designed. The Exotarium for instance is a new building with water basins for fish, habitats for tropical birds and reptiles with a total floor area of 3.000 m2. The new educational centre is 1.500 m2 in total. The rest of the buildings are smaller in size. There are new shelters and enclosures foreseen for, among others, lions, snow leopards, tigers, wolfs, ungulate mammals, giraffes, and foxes.
The architecture of the smaller structures is purposely modest, so to adapt to the network of visitors trails and to blend in with the natural surroundings of the zoo. These smaller structures share a common design, with green roofs and simple

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.501472
Retrieved Text: It’s kitten season! Finally, the weather is warming up, and love is in the air… but not just for us humans! Cats around the world are feeling that spring fever that creates so many new babies too. Every year, from late spring to early fall, animal shelters have a massive influx of homeless kittens, and in an effort to save the lives of these sweet babies, they look to the community to find people who are willing to foster an animal (or three) and raise them into good pets.
Baby cats need a lot of attention, whether or not they have the advantage of being around their mother. Kittens can’t properly see until they are 5 weeks old, so they need help with the very basics of life: eating, going to the litterbox, and keeping clean and warm. They also need to be socialized so that they know it’s okay to trust humans and other animals.
In some instances, the kittens are separated from their mother so early that they need to be bottle-fed. The experience of bottle-feeding a tiny kitten creates the strongest bond possible between a cat and a human. They actually come to think of you as their mother. But don’t think that it’s all cuteness and fun — bottle-feeding requires that you mix formula (KMR – kitten milk replacement) and clean bottles every 2-4 hours. In many ways, it’s like feeding a human baby. It’s important when bottle-feeding that you hold the kitten properly so that there is a smaller chance of the kitten

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.488419
Retrieved Text: It can spot motorway threats that even humans might miss.
Have you noticed that many self-driving car tests avoid the highway? There's a good reason for it: the LiDAR (laser pulse-based radar) cars use to navigate frequently can't handle high-detail images at the speeds and distances needed for timely reactions. Velodyne might fix that with its newly unveiled VLS-128 LiDAR system. It has 10 times more resolving power than its predecessor and can detect objects up to 300 meters (984 feet) away, helping it spot even smaller hazards at high speeds.
As the company's Anand Gopalan explained to The Verge, this could be crucial for the kind of dangers you see on the highway. An autonomous vehicle blasting down the road needs to very quickly determine whether or not an object is dangerous enough to require evasive action -- you want the car to avoid an animal crossing the road, but you don't want it to slam the brakes because of a paper bag.
The VLS-128's power also promises faster reactions, as its detail could save cars from having to check their LiDAR data against cameras before making choices. It's smaller and more efficient than Velodyne's previous technology too, so it shouldn't be quite so bulky as existing LiDAR systems.
The new hardware ships by the end of 2017. There's no mention of pricing, but this is bound to be expensive when it's Velodyne's spare-no-expense option. Not that this is necessarily a problem. The company is pitching it as a solution for autonomous transportation services (think driverless taxis and buses)

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.45485
Retrieved Text: Cheryl Krause-Parello is an animal lover. Her spouse, a marine veteran and detective with the NYPD, was involved in the rescue and recovery efforts of September 11. He did not grow up around pets, but had a cherished relationship with the couple’s dachshund, Samantha. “I watched every night from a distance and the dachshund really saved him; he pet his stress away,” Krause-Parello said. Krause-Parello could not sit and watch quietly anymore when she knew other animals could make the same difference. The couple came up with the name C-P.A.W.W.; a program to pair canines with wounded veterans.
The mission is on its sixth year and Krause-Parello cannot imagine anything she would rather be doing. “I am blending my passion for nursing, science, human-animal interaction, military, and veterans to bring some hope to this population that sometimes does not feel they have the support they need,” she said. Florida Atlantic University’s Christine E. Lynn College of Nursing is now home to C-P.A.W.W. “We want to be able to connect veterans with companion animals, especially for injuries that are not quite as visible like posttraumatic stress disorder, but it’s not reimbursed by health insurance and can cost as much as $30,000 for up to two years just to train the animal,” said Gisele Galoustian, media relations director at Florida Atlantic University. This is where community volunteers and financial support are imperative.
C-P.A.W.W. is responding to the research that shows protective factors are needed against suicide in the military population as well as an improved understanding of palliative effects of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.443634
Retrieved Text: When it comes to procuring meat in the wild, you will have to work for your next meal. Usually, it takes a lot of work and then you will most likely have to lower your meat standards a bit. You may prefer beef, but in the field, you will be lucky if you dine on squirrel or rabbit. Animals are difficult for the inexperienced hunter to catch. They are very shy of man and often their senses are highly tuned toward survival. However, you can trap most small game, if you know what you are doing.
Now, there are all kinds of traps that can be made in the bush. Some use boulders, huge logs, deep pits, and so on. Those are more work than they are worth. Well, at least they are for the average person who needs meat quickly and is not hoping for a lion, bear or other large game. We will concentrate on small game. Mainly because they are easier to trap and they are more abundant. Not to mention, they are less dangerous to catch.
The most common method of catching small game is by using snares. Snares can be made using line, cord, wire, or even vines. I can tell you from experience, it will take a lot of traps to yield one animal. Unless you get lucky and discover a place that is full of small game! I recommend you set them out by the dozens and check them first thing each morning. Try to find small game trails, which are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.407776
Retrieved Text: Thank you for wanting to adopt. Pleas fill out this form and someone will be in contact with you shortly regarding your adoption application.
If not, where will your pet be able to relieve itself and get exercise?
What qualities are important for you and your family when looking for a pet? What energy level is a good fit for your household?
All pets take a week or two to learn a new environment. When adopting or fostering a pet, new owners must be patient with an animals' needs, including bathroom breaks. Do you have experience housebreaking puppies or adult dogs? If not, are you open to helping your pet learn the rules?
Will this animal be an inside or outside pet?
We highly suggest kennel training a foster or newly adopted pet, at least throughout the initial transition period of moving to a new environment. Are you comfortable with kennel/crate training pets?
Mutt Misfits assumes complete financial responsibility for all foster animals’ medical care in the rescue program. We use certain Veterinary clinics, in which we have written contracts in place, specified by our Board of Directors. For medical care, all foster animals must be seen at one of our contracted Veterinary clinics for Mutt Misfits to maintain financial responsibility. If a foster animal is seen at another Veterinary clinic, Mutt Misfits may not assume financial responsibility. Once an animal is adopted, Mutt Misfits releases financial responsibility to the adopter. Do you agree to these terms?
When bringing an animal into a new environment, it is imperative to slowly and carefully introduce

================



======= Instance Index 1679 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are smaller skeleton or larger skeleton ):

The larger the animal, the heavier the exoskeleton, making movement more difficult.


When an animal is larger it needs to have a smaller skeleton or larger skeleton?

Target Text: larger skeleton

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.131124
Retrieved Text: If we humans wanted to scale vertical walls like Spider-Man, 40% of our body would have to be covered in sticky footpads. This would require very large sticky feet with shoes in European size 145 or US size 114.
A gecko and its sticky feet.
These numbers have recently been estimated by a team of zoologists at the University of Cambridge. Their new study, published in PNAS, explains why nature hasn't produced adhesion-based climbers larger than the gecko. As the size of a climbing animal increases, the percentage of body surface that needs to be covered by sticky pads increases too, setting a limit to the size of animal using this strategy: larger animals would require very big feet. The necessary shape changes would make the evolution of this trait impractical.
David Labonte and his colleagues based their study on a simple geometrical observation. "As animals increase in size, the amount of body surface area per volume decreases – an ant has a lot of surface area and very little volume, and an elephant is mostly volume with not much surface area," explains Labonte.
which decreases as the size of the sphere, measured by , inreases: the larger the sphere, the smaller the amount of surface area per volume. And while animals aren’t usually spherical, their shapes aren’t outlandish enough to defy the inverse relationship between surface area per volume and size. This means that, to hold its weight, a larger sticky climbing animal needs to cover a larger proportion of its body in sticky pads than a smaller one.
How

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.44758
Retrieved Text: Q: Any thoughts on mixing animal print and florals in the same room? Need interior decorating advice!
I was thinking of adding two animal print chairs to a room with a floral couch. Any thoughts? Thank you.
That is tough without seeing your choices. You can mix and match florals and prints that agree/ coordinate in color and scale. Scale is important when choosing print furniture. Is the floral a smaller scale and the animal print larger? That will work, if the colors are right. Then make sure your accents aren't loud. Use them to tone it down, if you need to. Maybe your pillows are solid colors and your walls are neutral. -That would work!
Mixing animal print fabrics with other fabric patterns in a room can work very well depending on the fabric. Mixing with a floral pattern can work depending on the sizes of the patterns, the colors of the animal print and florals and the style of the room. It can create a very interesting, eclectic room to mix and match, however, you must be careful to choose colors in the patterns that compliment one another, the colors of the patterns do not have to match, they just need to look good together. If you have a large, bold floral pattern on your sofa then the animal print on your chairs needs to be a similar size and also more bold. If you have a sofa with a lot of detail and small florals two chairs in an animal print will most likely not look

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.319
Retrieved Text: The Thank You Animals animal shelter in Kyeongi is home to more than 300 rescues who have been saved and fully treated but left in conditions that make adoption difficult. As a result, it is our responsibility to ensure that these larger and older dogs are given the love and care they need.
The shelter needs a monthly funding of 6,000,000 KRW and an annual funding of 72,000,000 KRW in order to provide food for every animal at the shelter. Please help us fundraise for a Food Truck of Hope to donate to the shelter!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.628098
Retrieved Text: Gifted and talented students are those with demonstrated superior ability in one or more areas and needing education or services beyond those provided by the regular classroom. They will have a combination of Creativity, Task Commitment and Above Average Intelligence (Prof J. Renzulli 2005).
It is mandatory for all state and state-integrated schools to demonstrate how they are meeting the needs of their gifted and talented learners. At Rathkeale, Gifted and Talented Education is managed by Mrs Bridget Price. Students participate in initiatives funded by the Masterton Trust Lands Trust, which brings in key speakers and specialist teachers to work with Gifted and Talented students throughout the Wairarapa.
These programmes range from The Zoo trip (where students identify animal adaptations and work with Zoo staff to develop a toy to enrich the life of an animal in the Zoo), to creative writing workshops – where students write and publish alongside one of New Zealand’s successful authors, to produce a book of creative writing.
In addition to this we have our own initiatives, which include taking students out to larger centres to be involved in debates and conferences. We have a proud history of representation at the Model United Nations, and look for opportunities where our gifted students can shine on a larger stage. Gifted and talented learners can be offered a differentiated curriculum that has been expanded in breadth, depth, and pace to match their learning needs.
See Mrs Price for more information.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.602507
Retrieved Text: It’s kitten season! Finally, the weather is warming up, and love is in the air… but not just for us humans! Cats around the world are feeling that spring fever that creates so many new babies too. Every year, from late spring to early fall, animal shelters have a massive influx of homeless kittens, and in an effort to save the lives of these sweet babies, they look to the community to find people who are willing to foster an animal (or three) and raise them into good pets.
Baby cats need a lot of attention, whether or not they have the advantage of being around their mother. Kittens can’t properly see until they are 5 weeks old, so they need help with the very basics of life: eating, going to the litterbox, and keeping clean and warm. They also need to be socialized so that they know it’s okay to trust humans and other animals.
In some instances, the kittens are separated from their mother so early that they need to be bottle-fed. The experience of bottle-feeding a tiny kitten creates the strongest bond possible between a cat and a human. They actually come to think of you as their mother. But don’t think that it’s all cuteness and fun — bottle-feeding requires that you mix formula (KMR – kitten milk replacement) and clean bottles every 2-4 hours. In many ways, it’s like feeding a human baby. It’s important when bottle-feeding that you hold the kitten properly so that there is a smaller chance of the kitten

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.483221
Retrieved Text: For so many of us, pets are an integral part of our daily lives and are members of our families. In fact, an estimated 89 million dogs and 94 million cats live in our homes in the U.S. (APPA) At Zoo Atlanta this April, we are focusing on topics related to responsible pet ownership. Dogs and cats are the most common animal companions for Americans, but other animals such as fish, birds, reptiles and small mammals like mice or hamsters are also often kept. Wild animals are also sometimes kept with the intention of their being pets, but this can have unintended consequences for both animals and humans.
What should you think about before considering any pet?
Can you meet its dietary needs? Dietary needs for exotic pets differ from those of domesticated animals. For example, cat food is easily acquired at your local pet supply store. On the other end of the spectrum, the Sumatran tigers at Zoo Atlanta are offered 10 pounds of a specially prepared diet that is nutritionally appropriate for their species. Many wild animals kept as pets suffer from malnutrition because people do not understand their nutritional needs.
Is the species solitary or social? Some species are happy living a solitary life, whereas others thrive in social environments with a companion (or even larger group) of their own kind. A dog might be happy having you as their best friend, but primates, for example, have complex social structures and need to be in the company of others to thrive.
Is this an animal that belongs

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.285715
Retrieved Text: Thinking of Getting a Pet? Things to Consider.
While sharing your home with an animal companion can be one of the most rewarding and enjoyable experiences of one's life, it is important to remember that pet ownership is also a big responsibility! Pet owners must be committed to providing for all of a pet's needs for the entire life of that animal. This includes housing/shelter, food & water, training, grooming, exercise and veterinary care. It is essential that you take the time to thoroughly research the basics of pet care and make sure you are familiar with the unique attributes of the breed before acquiring a new pet to ensure you are well prepared to meet of all your pet's needs.
The costs of pet ownership will vary depending on the animal you choose. Remember that there are many costs involved with pet ownership that are often overlooked. Up front costs for puppies and kittens include adoption/purchasing fees, frequent veterinary exams, vaccinations, de-wormings, training, leashes/collars, microchipping and spay or neuter surgery. You will also need to be prepared to cover continual expenses for adult animals associated with feeding, boarding, bedding, toys, grooming, training and annual health checks and veterinary care. You will also need to ensure you can pay for any emergency medical treatment required in the event of injury or illness. Some of these costs can be mitigated with a Pet Health Insurance plan, such as ASPCA Pet Health Insurance.
Caring for a pet takes a considerable amount of time each and every day. Training, exercise, feeding, grooming,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.125658
Retrieved Text: The B OK Animal Rescue is an all-volunteer organization dedicated to the quality care of homeless, sick, and/or abused animals. B OK is composed of volunteers that have many years of experience dealing with domestic animals. B OK is a non-profit, no-kill organization. All funds are spent providing needed shelter, food, medications, nurturing and quality care of the animals. The love is provided for free.
Currently, B OK is located in a small 1500 sq foot structure on 3/4 of an acre. We are raising funds and looking for a property location with a larger structure or several structures on more acreage so that we can expand the number of animals we can care for. Ideally, this new facility will have enough pasture space so that larger grazing animlas such as Horses, Mules, Donkeys, Cows, Goats, and other large domestic animals can have room to excercise. The property will also ideally have a barn with individual stalls, or several barns with stalls to house these larger animals.
The dog and cat structure can be built with some of the funds being channeled for that purpose. We have the architects plans, and they are wonderful! The "dog house" includes a large community yard, 50 individual kennel runs, all of which have a covered portion on the outside, and have a doggie door to the inside portion of the kennel. The cat house will have a large community room with over 400 sq foot of "cat trees" for climbing, playing and just hanging out. There will also be two other

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.11508
Retrieved Text: Choosing a new pet How to be a great pet owner Pet Jets Pet Ownership Benefits What kind of pet should I own?
If you’re considering welcoming a new pet into your home and life, you will not be disappointed. A pet will benefit your life by keeping you active, keeping you healthy, providing you with emotional support, loving you unconditionally, and improving your relationships overall. The question shouldn’t be whether to get a pet, but what pet you should get. According to the Washington Post, “research shows that owners and their pets bond best when the owner has a clear idea of what he wants from his pet.” Choosing Your New Pal Once you have made the decision to get a pet, the next choice is determining what kind of pet to get. If you live in a small space with no fenced-in outdoor areas, you would benefit from a smaller animal, such as a cat, hamster, or small dog. If you enjoy outdoor activities, like runs on the beach or hikes in the woods, you and a high-energy K-9 might be a perfect match. If you have a larger home, a larger pet like a Labrador Retriever wouldn’t get underfoot. If you’re away from home a lot and don’t have ample time to spend with your pet, you should choose an animal that is more independent in nature, such as a fish or cat, who wouldn’t require a walk for exercise or let outside every few hours. If you suffer from allergies, you can look

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.095741
Retrieved Text: Small animals that were once considered unconventional—animals such as chinchillas, rats, hedgehogs and sugar gliders—are growing increasingly popular with pet owners. As a result, manufacturers of small animal habitats and cages are developing new designs to accommodate the unique needs of these pets.
“In years past, pet parents had limited, affordable choices for housing, and were forced to purchase cages that were designed specifically for ferrets or rabbits,” said Jason Savitt, president of Prevue Pet Products in Chicago.
Savitt noted that tight wire spacing is essential for many of the species that are becoming more popular with pet owners.
John Gerstenberger, vice president of product development and sourcing for Ware Pet Products in Phoenix, said small animal pets are an emerging pet category and deserve products that are species specific and designed based around their unique housing care, nutritional and play needs versus a one-size-fits-all mentality.
Another significant shift in the market is color. In years past, almost all small animal products were designed to appeal to kids and fit in their play areas or bedrooms.
Shoppers in the small animal category are also on the hunt for products that are affordable and versatile, industry experts report.
Jason Casto, director of Pets International, Kaytee Hard Goods, in Chilton, Wis., noted that pet owners of all ages are price conscious and discerning.
Pet World in Lawrence, Kan., offers both indoor and outdoor habitats and enclosures for pets. Sherry Emerson, owner of the store, said customers continually seek to improve the lives of their small animal pets.
Manufacturers are offering a range of small animal habitat

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.080027
Retrieved Text: The projected increase in the production and consumption of animal products is likely to put further pressure on the globe’s freshwater resources. The size and characteristics of the water footprint vary across animal types and production systems.
The water footprint of meat from beef cattle (15 400 m 3 /ton as a global average) is much larger than the footprints of meat from sheep (10 400 m 3 /ton), pig (6000 m 3 /ton), goat (5 500 m 3 /ton) or chicken (4 300 m 3 /ton). The global average water footprint of chicken egg is 3 300 m 3 /ton, while the water footprint of cow milk amounts to 1000 m 3 /ton.
Per ton of product, animal products generally have a larger water footprint than crop products. The same is true when we look at the water footprint per calorie. The average water footprint per calorie for beef is twenty times larger than for cereals and starchy roots. When we look at the water requirements for protein, it has been found that the water footprint per gram of protein for milk, eggs and chicken meat is about 1.5 times larger than for pulses. For beef, the water footprint per gram of protein is 6 times larger than for pulses. In the case of fat, butter has a relatively small water footprint per gram of fat, even lower than for oil crops. All other animal products, however, have larger water footprints per gram of fat when compared to oil crops. From a freshwater resource perspective, it is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.063734
Retrieved Text: What happens when a call is received for an animal attack? Which agency is responsible for the report? Public Safety Telecommunicators (dispatchers) should determine in advance the answers to these questions before an incident occurs.
The two immediate concerns in any animal attack are whether the victim neededs medial attention and if the animal involved is still a threat. If the person needs to be treated, then handle the call as per the department's usual protocols.
Incidents involving dogs and cats are probably handled by the local animal control. Because of the concern for rabies, the animal at fault needs to be caught and quarantineed. Find out if the creature is still on the scene. If not, which way did it leave? Which direction was it last seen leaving? How long ago was the animal last spotted? Was the animal wounded?
What color was the animal? Was it a solid color, or was it multi-colored? In the case of wild cats, did it have a long tail or short (bobcats have short tails while mountain lions have long tails). Did the animal have a collar or tag in it's ear? This is important because wild animals may be identified by collars or tags. Black bears aren't always black (they can be light brown, brown, and cinnamon). When asking the size of a wild animal, give a comparison: for example, the bear was the size of a VW Bug.
The type of animal can determine which agency is ultimately responsible for the report. For example, in Nevada game animals are handled

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.057066
Retrieved Text: Is today’s poultry industry fit to feed the world?
Home » Blogs » Poultry Around the World » Is today’s poultry industry fit to feed the world?
Is today’s poultry industry up to the task of meeting the developing world’s predicted rise in demand for animal protein?
It probably is, but the industry that turned chicken meat into an affordable source of quality animal protein for developed markets was very different to that which exists today, and it now operates in a very different world.
Think back only 50 years: How many chicken producers were there in developed markets? How many breeding or animal health companies, and how much independent research was carried out by universities?
All of the these elements competed to gain market share and, in so doing, took our knowledge of production forward and advanced the sector as a whole. Now there are far fewer companies, and the nature of university research has changed enormously. Resources are scarcer, and the environment less forgiving.
That is not to say that our understanding of poultry production does not continue to move forward – probably faster now than ever before – but there is less competition, and the various elements that contributed to making developed world poultry production the success that it is today have become concentrated in fewer hands.
It can be argued that bigger companies are more efficient and able to exploit that efficiency for the benefit of consumers, wherever they may be, but it can also be argued that they are less agile and able to adapt. They may have

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.033478
Retrieved Text: This is a genuine alligator skull. Based on it's size, the alligator would have been about seven feet long. American alligators are the larger of the two alligator species, often growing to more than twice the length of Chinese alligators. The muscles that close the animal's mouth are extremely strong, but the muscles that open the mandible are comparatively weak, such that a typical human can safely hold an alligator's mouth closed with two hands. Although alligators are an apex predator, they feed primarily on small mammals and fish which they can eat in one bite. When hunting larger prey, the alligator will grasp the animal with its mouth and drag it into a body of water. It holds its prey underwater to drown it before tearing the animal into chunks that are small enough to swallow.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.94355
Retrieved Text: BSL BIOSERVICE offers biocompatibility testing for medical devices according to ISO 10993.
In order to replace, reduce and refine (3 Rs) the use of animals in medical device testing, BSL BIOSERVICE together with its partner Eurofins BioPharma Prodcut Testing Munich offers you a device based testing strategy which meets your regulatory needs.
When animal testing is needed, the procedures involving living animals are carefully evaluated in order to combine end points in one central study when feasible. As recommended by ISO 10993, systemic toxicity and local tolerance end points can be combined in one single experiment to fulfill the requirements of ISO 10993-6 and 10993-11 and adhere to the 3R principles guiding the ethical use of animals in safety evaluations.
According to ISO 10993-6 the local effects after implantation of biomaterials intended for long-term implantation periods in man have to be demonstrated.
Dependent on the size and the intended use of the implant material, larger animals than rats need to be used.
The suitable surgical implantation method as well as the selection of the appropriate animal species is the most important prerequisites of a successful animal study.
BSL BIOSERVICE has long-term experience with GLP compliant in vivo studies for medical devices. The facility is AAALAC and ISO accredited. A well trained staff of experienced veterinarians, surgeons and animal care keepers is responsible for the conduction of high quality implantation studies. Animals chosen are only from selected breeders. All experimental protocols are reviewed by BSL internal ethical committee and accepted by governmental competent authority. The studies are monitored by an independent animal welfare

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.824623
Retrieved Text: The FDA considered such a ban after the nation’s first case of mad cow disease surfaced in 2003 but never took the action, reports state.
Would you feed animal waste to your dog or cat? Probably not. It's dirty, disgusting and intuitively just seems wrong. Unfortunately, not all animals are so lucky. In areas of the United States where large cattle and poultry operations coexist, chicken waste (or, more accurately, 'poultry litter') is routinely fed to cows. Poultry litter consists primarily of manure, feathers, spilled feed and bedding material that accumulate on the floors of the buildings that chickens and turkeys. It can contain disease-causing bacteria, antibiotics, toxic heavy metals, substances that cause Mad Cow Disease, and even foreign objects such as dead rodents, rocks, nails and glass.
Surprisingly, this unhealthy and inhumane practice is legal and poorly monitored - creating unacceptable risks to human and animal health. The FDA needs to ban the use of animal waste as animal feed before human and animal health is further compromised. For more information, check out www.filthyfeed.org.
I cannot believe smart people don't know that dogs and cats eat animal waste on there own. For one thing they lick thier own butts, they clean thier own young of waste. Have you never seen a dog or cat eat birds, mice, moles or larger prey? Well they do and they don't clean them first, they eat them lock stock and waste. My dogs eat dead things and when they are not rotten enough they bury it for a few days and then

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.801783
Retrieved Text: Chipmunks are cute and entertaining little animals in pictures and cartoons, and most people enjoy watching them run around their yard. They’re so cute and quirky – who couldn’t help but love them and want them around?
Chipmunks are part of the Rodent family, and considered to be agricultural and horticultural pests when they eat gardens and destroy plants and shrubbery. When Chipmunks are present in larger numbers (and their numbers are always larger than you think) they can cause significant structural damage by burrowing under patios, stairs, retention walls, garage aprons and foundations. In your garage, storage building, or home they cause enormous problems and even put your family in severe danger by eating electrical insulation and building nests in your walls. If you notice sunken sidewalks, burrowing holes near the foundation of your house, or sudden and unexplained electrical problems, you could very well have a chipmunk infestation that needs to be addressed immediately.
The professionals at Minnesota Wild Animal Management are experts in Chipmunks infestation removal and Chipmunk prevention. With their many years and vast experience in the pest control industry, the professional exterminators at Minnesota Wild Animal Management know where to look and what to look for in solving your problem and ridding your property of the infestation. And not only will they solve the immediate problem, they will take the appropriate measures necessary to see it does not happen again.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.751797
Retrieved Text: Yellow pages ads mean nothing – generally the larger the yellow page add, the less individual attention you are likely to get. Too many auxiliary staff often means that the veterinarian is trying to maximize the number of clients seen in a day. If you present a shopping list of problems that concern you, you are probably not visiting your veterinarian frequently enough. You will become the apple of our eye and get superb treatment when your pet needs it. At a small practice you get to see the same veterinarian most of the time, but the practice might not have invested in the latest technology and might need to refer you to an expert. There are certain practices that get a reputation for requiring more tests than other clinics, or for prescribing expensive pills when another veterinarian will let you know that a tablespoon of olive oil will work just as well. Many vets in Jacksonville FL now offer holistic and alternative forms of treatment such as homeopathy, herbal medicine, acupuncture, and chiropractic care. And since most veterinarians work with a team of professional support staff, you’ll want to evaluate them, too, as you look for the best fit for you and your furry family members.
Find out if you"ll see the same vet for each visit or if the doctors rotate and share cases. Finding a good vet makes annual appointments a breeze and helps to minimize the stress and frustration if your pet is sick or injured. Veterinary offices may be small, single-doctor operations

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.537783
Retrieved Text: 1. Leaks Are Continuously Popping Up.
One of the most obvious signs that your sprinkler system is in need of repair or replacement is that your pipes or sprinkler heads are leaking. Before you jump to conclusions, you first need to check and make sure that none of your sprinkler heads have come loose. Over time, it isn't uncommon for them to come loose or for an animal to have knocked them about. Also, double-check to ensure that there are no drips and no spraying occurring when you have turned your sprinkler system off. When the leaks become more frequent or larger in nature, it is definitely time for a new system rather than continuing to repair them.
2. Your Sprinklers Have Low Water Pressure.
If you notice that there is not a lot of water pressure coming out of your sprinkler heads, then this is a problem that needs to be addressed without delay. More often than not, low water pressure is an indicator of a chip or a crack in your sprinkler heads. If these issues are not addressed, the low water pressure will continue and may cause larger problems down the road for your entire sprinkler system.
3. Your Plants Are Not Performing Very Well.
If you have plants in the yard that you want your sprinklers to water and you have noticed that they aren't performing very well, you first need to check if the area where your plants are is dry. If it is, then you need to check to see if there are sprinkler heads

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.535364
Retrieved Text: When you are not getting ample time to choose a party wear from your closet, go with picking an animal onesie. Do you actually want to really feel cool in your night party? So you have to select something worthy as well as exceptionally excellent enough to be valued. You can go for selecting something much hilarious that amounts to your personality. You could go with picking a cartoon hero or your favorite hero.
There are a lot of troubles you face when you choose choosing the onesies without windows. The agonizing cold winter is bothersome. If it is extremely easy to insert your sewing machine after that it is also easy to put your animal onesie in your travelling bag. If you are you looking for more about pokemon onesie check out our website. Opt for buying the best dimension. Do not go for the tight fight one as it would certainly make your body's lumps and bumps plainly visible. You could opt for the bigger dimensions that would fit you more plainly. It is much better to acquire the larger one. The very best alternative is acquiring those with a little larger size. It would certainly make you look great in addition to feeling comfortable.
You could believe that you are doing something very dumb by getting an animal onesie. Yet when you will certainly use them you will undoubtedly understand that it is all about convenience. You could shed off the tails as they can hinder your commode bowl. It hinders the commode dish in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.495298
Retrieved Text: Unwanted wildlife always seems to find a way into your home whether you know it or not, but it’s the last thing you want to happen. In the event of such an intrusion, you can rely on Critter Control® of Tallahassee to handle your animal removal needs. Our family-run company has grown into a nationwide network where we use our over 30 years of experience to help with wildlife control.
At Critter Control®, we are a both licensed and insured, and we specialize in many removal services such as rodents and larger animals. Whether it be rats and squirrels or raccoons and snakes, it is not difficult for them to sneak into your home and once they do that, the dangers pile up. From structural damage to disease spreading, you do not want to allow any of these critters into your home which is why Critter Control® is your necessary solution. We have the expertise and equipment to facilitate the safest and most effective removal possible. After we help get the animal out of your home, we also offer restoration services to ensure your home gets back to the condition it was in before the infestation. We can replace insulation that has been damaged and disinfect areas that have become contaminated with bacteria carrying urine and feces. Lastly, we seal up any openings that could provide an entryway for unwanted critters in the future, to guarantee that no more intrusion will occur.
When wildlife makes its way into your home, rely on the experts at Critter Control® of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.407776
Retrieved Text: Thank you for wanting to adopt. Pleas fill out this form and someone will be in contact with you shortly regarding your adoption application.
If not, where will your pet be able to relieve itself and get exercise?
What qualities are important for you and your family when looking for a pet? What energy level is a good fit for your household?
All pets take a week or two to learn a new environment. When adopting or fostering a pet, new owners must be patient with an animals' needs, including bathroom breaks. Do you have experience housebreaking puppies or adult dogs? If not, are you open to helping your pet learn the rules?
Will this animal be an inside or outside pet?
We highly suggest kennel training a foster or newly adopted pet, at least throughout the initial transition period of moving to a new environment. Are you comfortable with kennel/crate training pets?
Mutt Misfits assumes complete financial responsibility for all foster animals’ medical care in the rescue program. We use certain Veterinary clinics, in which we have written contracts in place, specified by our Board of Directors. For medical care, all foster animals must be seen at one of our contracted Veterinary clinics for Mutt Misfits to maintain financial responsibility. If a foster animal is seen at another Veterinary clinic, Mutt Misfits may not assume financial responsibility. Once an animal is adopted, Mutt Misfits releases financial responsibility to the adopter. Do you agree to these terms?
When bringing an animal into a new environment, it is imperative to slowly and carefully introduce

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.373775
Retrieved Text: ANIMAL JAM is National Geographic’s Animal Jam Game charge code that the company uses when charging your checking, credit, or debit card for purchases.
I needed to cancel my card because animaljam keeps on charging me!!!
I have never signed up for Animal Jam, but I've found that they've been charging my debit card for months. Mostly small charges, with a couple larger ones. Even though the card charges list the phone number to National Geographic's support, they have closed down their phone support operations. You must contact them through an online help form (then wait for a reply, which hasn't come). Their refund policy is very restrictive. Best to just contest the charges through the bank and close down the card. I don't get why credit card thieves are targeting an online kids game, and it doesn't help that National Geographic's support is basically nonexistent.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.332958
Retrieved Text: ALPACA hair comes from just one of the species of the South American Camalidea, which differ greatly in appearance from the Afro-Asian Camel or Dromedary. However all are cud-chewing animals, which characteristically kick and spit fetid saliva, or undigested food when irritated. All have similar feet, well suited for walking on soft sand, moss or very fine grasses.
The Alpaca lives in the South American Andean region at altitudes as high as 5000 meters where it needs a thick fleece or coat to keep out the cold. They are domesticated animals and together with the LLAMA, have lived with man from time immemorial, highly valued for their fibre and meat. The ALPACA is a smaller version of the LLAMA and it is used mainly for food and clothing, whilst the larger heavier LLAMA is also used as a pack (load bearing) animal.
Alpaca’s can be split into two sub-breeds, the HUACAYO, which is the most numerous and represents about 90% of all the existing animals and the SURI making up the other 10%.
The Huacayo is more like the Llama in appearance, though slightly smaller with thick wavy hair covering most of the body. In contrast the Suri has long silky lustrous hair, which is very compact and more highly valued.
Alpaca farms are of various sizes. Generally, an Indian family will look after their own herds, rebanos, according to primitive breeding methods, handed down through the ages. Fertility is low and barely 50% though with richer nourishment and a lot of care this can be increased to 75-77%. They

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.291273
Retrieved Text: Cheryl Krause-Parello is an animal lover. Her spouse, a marine veteran and detective with the NYPD, was involved in the rescue and recovery efforts of September 11. He did not grow up around pets, but had a cherished relationship with the couple’s dachshund, Samantha. “I watched every night from a distance and the dachshund really saved him; he pet his stress away,” Krause-Parello said. Krause-Parello could not sit and watch quietly anymore when she knew other animals could make the same difference. The couple came up with the name C-P.A.W.W.; a program to pair canines with wounded veterans.
The mission is on its sixth year and Krause-Parello cannot imagine anything she would rather be doing. “I am blending my passion for nursing, science, human-animal interaction, military, and veterans to bring some hope to this population that sometimes does not feel they have the support they need,” she said. Florida Atlantic University’s Christine E. Lynn College of Nursing is now home to C-P.A.W.W. “We want to be able to connect veterans with companion animals, especially for injuries that are not quite as visible like posttraumatic stress disorder, but it’s not reimbursed by health insurance and can cost as much as $30,000 for up to two years just to train the animal,” said Gisele Galoustian, media relations director at Florida Atlantic University. This is where community volunteers and financial support are imperative.
C-P.A.W.W. is responding to the research that shows protective factors are needed against suicide in the military population as well as an improved understanding of palliative effects of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.285471
Retrieved Text: New Zealand law needs to have harsher sentancing when it comes to animal cruelty! The recent video of a kitten being stoned to death has sparked an uproar within New Zealand and no one wants to see these minors get away with it!
When hurting, torturing or murdering any animal, there needs to be a more serious consequence. I believe that every age needs to be given serious consequences for their actions, it is evident that they know what they are doing, and a slap on the hand is just not good enough!!
I don’t know much about how to make the difference or where to take my petition but I will try my best and send it to anyone who will listen! Jacinda is making so many changes in New Zealand! Let’s make her aware that this another issues that needs serious reconsideration.
Please help sign this petition so I can take it further so that we can stop violence towards those who have no voice.
Yolanda Roy needs your help with “New Zealand : Bring fair justice to animal abusers”. Join Yolanda and 563 supporters today.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.264057
Retrieved Text: More than just a typical ‘Stock Trailer’!
Aluminium non slip ramp, available with the option of a ramp door with integral swing door to make it easier to load individual animals, especially if there is other animals already in the trailer.
The fold down sides make it easy to convert it to a low sided general purpose trailer. These sides when folded down can also be used to carry hay bales or larger items, the advantage with this design is that with the sides in the down position they do not fall off during transport this allows you to maximise the loading capacity of the trailer using the folded sides as a loading platform.
Special Curves in the sides at the top that are slightly higher than normal to prevent wilder animals from attempting to jump out.
The side bars instead of mesh design makes it easier to tie large and awkward loads especially when sides are down in ‘wide load position’.
Like our other stock trailer, this is galvanised and comes equipped with a floor design to reduce animal foot slippage in transport.
The optional divider gate has several positions along the length of the trailer making it ideal to be used for a lamb box, or keeps each ewe with her lamb preventing mix ups. You can also lock an animal in the front to help lure others into the trailer.
Various door options are available to make the stock trail work best for your needs.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.262026
Retrieved Text: Just about anything that a pet uses can be crocheted. A sweater, a dog bed, even toys for cats, are all perfect crochet ideas. Best of all, a pet won’t judge if you don’t get the pattern right the first time. Ready to get started? Here’s a guide to some unique and fun crochet projects for pets.
What do you get the cat that has everything? For a picky feline, the answer is a fun bell toy. This simple project just requires a crocheter to knit around an empty cardboard toilet paper tube. The bell that is attached to the end is sure to occupy a cat for hours. Even if you don’t have a cat yourself, the toy can be a great gift for an animal shelter. Do a few and donate them, they’ll be grateful for the heartfelt sentiment.
Also sure to be a hit with cats, toy mice are almost as fun to play with as a ball of yarn. Think carefully about which stuffing you use, as some cats enjoy taking apart the mice. Others simply like to bat them around. You can have great fun throwing the mouse for your cat to chase after as well. The best thing about these toys? They’re incredibly easy to crochet. The ears are separate, and the tail is knotted securely onto the body of the mouse.
The pet sweater is a classic crochet project for pets that will never get old. There are so many variations, colors, and styles possible that you can do a few of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.25398
Retrieved Text: The name Killer Whale is pretty menacing, but the animal really is not—at least when it comes to human beings. Killer whales, also known as orcas, eat fish and marine mammals, just like sharks or many other species of whale. Though orcas kill a lot of animals to survive, it shouldn’t be a surprise—after all, an average-sized orca needs 550 pounds of food per day. Though there have been instances of trainers being harmed by killer whales in captivity, there is no recorded instance of a killer whale attacking a human in the wild.
Killer whales are very intelligent, and hunt in methodical ways in pods. They will eat anything they can catch, including mammals like seals and walruses, and even large sharks. Some authorities claim that killer whales will attack small blue whales, which are much larger.
Male orcas have a life span of about 50 years, females nearly twice as long, during which time they stay in their tight-knot pod. Pod members will fiercely protect the young, sick, or injured.
Orcas worldwide are faring pretty well compared to other whale species. Their only predator is man, and orcas have no real commercial value outside of use in aquariums.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.250574
Retrieved Text: Raccoons, Opossums, Squirrel, Bats, Birds, and Snakes.
Its a common misconception that when you hear a noise coming from your chimney, that an animal simply fell down there, while that may be the case for some, you should know some animals prefer to live in your chimney! Animals in the triangle area, including : Raleigh, Durham, Cary, Chapel Hill, and Wake Forest are in the most common following categories.
Chimney swifts are a migratory bird from South America that is commonly referred to as a Chimney Swift, these animals use chimneys to build their nests. A lot like raccoons, a chimney swift was used to using hollow trees for their homes. Chimney swifts are one of the few birds that can fly straight up, giving them a distinct advantage for living inside a chimney. These birds are also federally protected and should only be handled by people who know laws involved and special considerations that need to be taken.
A mother raccoon will use a masonry chimney to make a nest to provide safety and harbor her young. At the same time, a male raccoon will only enter a chimney to kill baby raccoons because he looks upon them as competitors. Sometimes the burnt smell of a chimney could remind a raccoon of a burned out hollow tree which could be considered a part of their natural habitat. Most animals have a nearly impossible time climbing back out of the chimney once they’ve gotten in there, a raccoon would be one of the few that can climb back out.
Snakes

================



======= Instance Index 971 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are warmer or colder ):

When particles move more quickly, temperature is higher and an object feels warmer.


When we move around very little we feel warmer or colder?

Target Text: colder

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.157038
Retrieved Text: To physically surround or encircle someone or something, often very closely and encroachingly. As the opposing troops closed in around us, I knew we would never win the battle. I need to get out of this little cabin—I feel like the walls are closing around me.
to move to surround someone or something. The police closed in around the thieves. We closed in around the enemy camp.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.138195
Retrieved Text: Today was the second day of ASB and it was a tiring day. I feel that today we made a difference in someones life. When I say I feel, I mean physically feel. Today we actually got to do some hands on work in a house that was damaged by Super Storm Sandy. The work was tiring and exhausting but very rewarding at the end. Although today was the first time we were working on someones house I feel that we did a little something to help out those who are in need.
The day started out very early, earlier than when I have school. It came to mind that most people my age are probably sleeping in on spring break and were here waking up earlier than usual but I guess this is the least we can do to help out those around us. After a well balanced breakfast we were off to work, we met a representative from All Hands and we got to work. Contrary to what many people think, the work that we were asked to do was really physically demanding work, and all of us were eager to help out in any way we could. In retrospect I hope the people who lived in the house get to rebuild and move back in once it is safe for them to do so. When looking around the neighborhood virtually everyone’s house was being worked on. Although a lot of time has passed since Sandy hit the damage is still visible all around.
Today has

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.756554
Retrieved Text: Learning how to relax in the water and relax when swimming is a vital component of learning how to swim. If you are one of those people that find aspects of learning how to swim like floating and breathing quite stressful, then you have come to the right place.
Being 'at one' with the water helps to ensure that everything we do in the water and when we swim is second nature and therefore not stressful.
Instantly Download THE Swimming Book for Beginners.... and relax.
Relax, float and discover how your body behaves in the water.
The Complete Beginners Guide to Swimming is the book to support you all the way .
Submerging completely under the water is a great way to learn how to relax. Grab a pair of swim goggles, put them on your eyes, take a deep breath and down you go.
What do you see? Everything very clearly, so you have a very clear perception of where you are and what you are doing.
What can you hear? Not much if anything. All is peaceful and quiet.
Now try slowly moving about. Notice how gracefully you can move, almost like moving around on the moon without gravity. That is the water trying to support and lift you.
Obviously you can only do this for as long as you can hold your breath, but the more you do it, the more you get a feel for how your body behaves in the water. As you get more of a feel for the water you will start to get an idea of your

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.72494
Retrieved Text: ← >Recipe for the veggie lovers and the veggie haters!
>We spent a week in Missouri visiting with family and hanging out by the lake. Thea and I had a very relaxing week of napping and hanging out in a cabin where I didn’t have to think about my mess and all of things I need to do around my house, so I had a very nice relaxing time in spite of the fact that we didn’t spend much time out and about. The rest of the family had a great time out on the lake in Dad’s boat and with Uncle Randy’s jet ski’s.
Thea did take her first boat ride, a short little cruise around the lake. Since the water is so smooth down there, it was nice to get to take her out. The water on the reservoir up here is always very choppy and I wouldn’t feel comfortable having my little baby jostled around in a boat.
Unfortunately, the day before we left for our trip Cory’s Dad suffered a stoke. We decided to go ahead with our trip as he seemed to be doing pretty well on Saturday morning. Things turned badly for a bit but Ed seems to be recovering very well and you would never guess that a week ago he was in a very sensitive medical state. He is still in the Hospital at the University and Cory and I and Thea came back early from vacation to spend some time with him. We expect him to be released next week

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.199553
Retrieved Text: We’ve got the skills and the equipment to handle your Vacate Cleaning needs no matter your state of affairs, our end of lease cleaning will help you. We make certain that your house is germ and bacteria free. We do it all – kitchen, bedrooms, bathrooms, laundries – with perfection. Reliable Bond Cleaning that meet Australians’ Expectations! When you hire us for entrance or exit bond cleaning to your property, we listen to your directions and ask before beginning our work.
We make certain to meet the expectations of our clients in every possible method. Our team are trained and understand detailed works of carpet cleaning, and hence provide cleaning services only. The particulars of a move in and move out cleaning will depend on your needs. To get around the incorrect service provider you should check their prior customer’s feedback. Since we have started this business, we have achieved the 97% client full bond back. The remaining 3% clients have lost a little amount because of some harm or maintenance work to be accomplished.
Peters Bond Back Cleaning will provide an obligation free quotation a professional cleaner, and also a guarantee on our work.
Move in move out cleaning is going to be your very best friend.
Bond cleaning can be a tedious task, and occasionally a enormous undertaking.
We can provide Spring Cleaning services as often as you feel these are needed.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.067894
Retrieved Text: Yesterday morning I saw one of Frederick’s friends that I had not seen in a very long time.
“I have a very strict teacher.” He replied.
I couldn't have said it better myself. Sometimes our lessons are hard, and they come in a way that might make us want to resist. Slowly but surely, little by little God is sanctifying us; changing us; making us Holy as we move forward. The best sort of change comes from hard situations. From persevering through the most difficult seasons. Learning from the less compassionate without it breaking our spirit means trusting God’s promises more and more.
When we go to sleep at night it’s dark. When we wake up it’s a new day. Just like that, right? No, in reality it did not happen with a snap. It happens over a night. The sun has to set and night has to come. In the darkness things are still, waiting, resting, hoping, enduring. But even in the darkest of nights the moon gives hope that the sun has not vanished, it has not gone out and it is coming. It tells us that a new day is not far off as it reflects the light. The sun has to travel around the other side of the globe. It moves steady and consistently. Slowly but surely. It does not veer off it’s track. As it moves all the way around a new day emerges. First just a glow across the horizon and little by little the day becomes brighter and lighter. Before we know

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.996132
Retrieved Text: Soreness is a little bit of a polarizing topic in the fitness industry. Is soreness good or bad? How much soreness should I feel and where should I feel it? Delayed onset muscle soreness (DOMS) is a common response to exercise training especially when starting (or restarting) an exercise program. Some research tells us that there actually is very little correlation to quality of work and degree of DOMS. However, the soreness can at least let us know which muscles were working after exercise. Some muscle groups are more prone to DOMS such as hamstrings, triceps and shoulders.
So why does DOMS happen? First, lets break the myth that DOMS is the result of lactic acid build up. Lactic acid builds up during exercise; it’s the “burn” we feel during a lot of repetitions. But lactic acid is remediated by blood flow rather quickly. Rather, DOMS is the result of small “tears” in the muscle fibers that then require repair. When our muscles repair themselves, they grow back stronger. DOMS is a normal part of the growth process for muscle. One way to decrease DOMS is to get moving! Increased blood flow is the key to healing. When we move, we increase blood flow and potentially decrease DOMS or the amount of time DOMS hangs around.
So when is soreness bad? What we want to avoid is soreness in a joint rather than a muscle. For example, if the soreness is in your knee rather than your hamstring or quad, it is a sign of something wrong. That

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.934475
Retrieved Text: Well it’s officially been a little over a week since we moved into our new place. After 8 years in my old apartment, it’s going to take a little while to make my new place feel like home but I’m getting there. It feels so good to be settled in with everything pretty much in its place. Of course, there will always be tweaks to the decorating, art to be found and things shifting around as we live in the space but all of the big pieces are in and settled.
I wanted to share with you our apartment hunting process and how we are making this new apartment really feel like home.
First, let’s rewind to a January trip Trevor and I took up to Timber Cove. We were winding up along the coast and planning what the year ahead would look like. Trevor’s lease was expiring in April and I had been in my apartment for 8 years, plus our one year anniversary was also coming up in April. After both becoming bag people and carrying at least two bags every day for a year we were ready to simplify things a bit. But it wasn’t just about the bags, we wanted to take this next step together. So on that trip, we decided it was time to move in together. I explained to Trevor all of the nerves I felt leaving an apartment that had rent control, plus leaving somewhere I had been for the past 8 years. It seemed overwhelming and exciting at the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.911789
Retrieved Text: Summer is just the absolute perfect time to wear maxi length dresses and skirts. I love them best with flat sandals; gives them that floaty grecian feel. But on occasion I'll add some height, in this case a strappy wedge, just to dress it up a bit. The little lady has not quite figured out how to move around in maxi dresses, but today was a very successful day of walking practice, so our dress length problems are on their way out the door. Scarlet is walking throughout the day (though still prefers her speedy crawl) but when she does, you are prohibited from making eye contact or screaming in pleasure and support. She will immediately stop what she's doing and sit down. Pretend she has no idea what the fuss is about. So when she walks, we pretend we're not noticing and keep all celebrations and woohoos quietly on the inside. I wonder what this is telling us about her little personality. Funny girl.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.818233
Retrieved Text: The beauty of working with little people is rewarding beyond words.
They give you the best cuddles in the world and the noisiest kisses. They are sometimes fair, sometimes unreasonable, but always bold and genuine in their questions, wanting to embrace and discover the whole world through one answer.
Without any doubt they can move you to tears of joy or sadness, make you laugh and awaken the child within yourself. They can make you crawl, dance, race, make faces …they can make you feel alive and enjoy life around you.
Children sometimes don`t know what fear is, sometimes have fears that can be removed with a smile; they challenge you to answer tricky questions about life and the world that surrounds them.
Their natural, heartfelt directness and expectations help you realize how complex and unique the human mind is. A child of four can easily teach you about the simplicity of life, about honesty and friendship and how painful and disappointing it is when you/they break those precious principles…the whole world collapses around them. But it takes them minutes to restore their happiness and security and that simply comes with an “I am sorry” and a warm hug.
I have noticed lately a trait of very deep thinking in my children. Their drawings reflect very serious thoughts through metaphoric representations. Simply conversations such as: A: “My grandma is in heaven”. B: “Do you mean she`s dead?” makes you wonder how much we underestimate them, thinking they are only little. Their understanding, feelings and perceptions travel beyond what we usually accept.
I

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.707895
Retrieved Text: This was Bramble’s first Christmas with us, his forever family so he was well and truly spoilt. He received toys, treats, blankets and his very own cuddly Panda but by far his favourite present had to be his rather snazzy new bed from Raised By Humans.
The Raised By Humans mattress bed is a fun and eye-catching one with it’s bright patterned fabric. Ultimately this will become his bed in the kitchen/dining room which has lots of red accents. At the moment we are trying to get him out of sleeping in a crate (he gets a little anxious when left alone during the day).
Raised By Humans also make a Donut Dog Bed.
The first thing we noticed about the RBH Mattress Bed is how strong and robust it is, it feels like a small memory foam mattress as the name would suggest. Many of the dog beds we had looked at initially had very little substance to them and as a result Bramble will scratch and pull them around to get comfortable. With the RBH Mattress Bed he climbs on, spins around a thousand times before dropping down and going straight to sleep.
The mattress design means that he can spread out or sleep in a ball, whichever he prefers. When he sleeps in his circular bed in the lounge he tends to fall out if he stretches too far so more often than not we now find he migrates to his RBH Mattress Bed even if we aren’t in the same room. It has obviously made Bramble

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.670118
Retrieved Text: In today’s video, Day 30 of this 33 Day Metamorphosis series, my husband Raphael joins me (along with his Star Seed part named Andy as represented in a sweet stuffie….and our dog Koda.) Raphael talks about how our draw and our push away (from parts of us) is connected to gathering together around values resonance within community. Our first experience of community is our birth families, which we have both good and difficult experiences to digest in order to let in conscious community. I offer that in higher dimensional frequencies we are used to Unity Consciousness versus 3D living that is so separate and isolated.
We share our experience of living in community for the last few years and with sharing money within our small group, which has allowed for more immersion and intimacy between us as a group with very little conflict and much less tension and anxiety. We feel that money represents love to parts of us, so the sense of abundance or scarcity of ‘money’ is really about love. We share our experience of getting down to very little money and still feeling trust and Divine holding around it.
We define what we feel is ‘conscious community’, which is about bringing the emotional reality forward through parts work, leading with vulnerability, being transparent and authentic, and emphasizing relationality.
Thank you for joining us on this thirtieth day of 33….as we move into Metamorphosis energies together…..one beloved part of us at a time!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.636286
Retrieved Text: Spring is in the air and I am ready to refresh my space! This season is a great time to purge items you no longer need but I think it is also perfect for redecorating. I always love moving items around in my home because when I do it refreshes the space and the décor pieces feel new again.
If you’re on a budget consider shopping at your local Salvation Army Thrift Store. They have so many unique items in store, you’re sure to find something you love. Right now if you donate items (purging is also great to do before revamping a room) the Salvation Army Thrift Store has a great coupon where you can get discounts in store the next time you shop there.
New Fabric – Let’s be honest we all get bored with our throw pillows eventually! Instead of going out and spending money on new pillows buy new material to cover your old pillows. It will cost a fraction of the price and you will get to customize the design.
Add Some Paint – To give furniture or small décor new life try painting them. This allows you to customize the color and easily change up the décor in any room. There are so many options with chalk paint or spray paint or stain, it’s fairly simply to paint any object now!
Move Décor Around – Small décor items are easy to move around. Moving an item from one room to another can give it new life and change up a different room. For example,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.632719
Retrieved Text: Last winter I couldn’t move my neck. My muscles just didn’t want to work. It started out slowly where I would wake up with shoulder pain or my neck was a little stiff. I tried to do yoga and take hot showers to relax my muscles but nothing seemed to work. It got so bad that I had to move my entire body when I was driving just to check my blind spots. I’ll be the first to admit that I sometimes struggle with self-care or even recognizing problems until they have gotten out of control. My pain became so normal, that as things progressed, I was less aware until I couldn’t move my neck at all. I finally went to a chiropractor who prescribed me some pain medication and told me to go physical therapy. I’d never been to physical therapy and was hesitant. I kept thinking the pain medicine and some rest would make everything fine. I had googled some stuff and by the time my first PT appointment rolled around, I was convinced there was nothing they would be able to help me with.
After the first day of PT, I was even more convinced it was a waste of my time and money. I spent an hour barely doing anything and didn’t feel any differently. I remember my physical therapist giving me a homework sheet with everything she wanted me to practice and a warning that if I didn’t, nothing would change. I remember reluctantly doing the homework and complaining the whole time.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.62961
Retrieved Text: We’ve been asked many times how we are able to dine out with Luna. To some parents, the concept seems unreal. How do you make a toddler sit while you enjoy a proper meal without tantrums or running around like mad?
Peter and I enjoy dining out and trying new restaurants. We’ve always done it before Luna was born and continue do so. The only difference now is we have a little one joining us with the fun. It’s not always easy. She’s a kid after all and tantrums/meltdowns are part of her life. But I think it’s the way it’s handled that will determine a good dinner out or a disaster night out. We’re pretty chill and don’t totally get stressed out when it happens. I think kids can sense how we feel. As long as we stay chill and attend to her needs and shift the focus to something much happier, then a smile suddenly appears and life is good again.
1. Dine early. Come early before the crowd comes – 6pm is usually a good time as most people dine around 7:30-8. This is great especially for cozy little bistros or restaurants with large communal tables. You don’t feel so squished amongst other people and it gives room for a toddler to move around and stretch their legs when they need to. Also, servers aren’t busy yet and are able to attend to your needs.
2. Order a favourite drink. Luna’s favourite is apple juice. That keeps her happy & entertained for a little while and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.593075
Retrieved Text: Yes, we get a bit of snow!
Eddie (lamb) with his Patsy, his mom, in the background.
Fia - 8 months old.
Welcome to Crannog Farm. We are a British Columbia based breeder of Scottish Blackface Sheep and Shiloh Shepherds located in the beautiful Cariboo region.
When it comes to our livestock - their needs come first. We have their well-being first and foremost in all that we do. Our Scottish Blackface Sheep are handled gently using food rewards and knowledge of animal behaviour to move them rather than harsh physical methods. These same methods are also employed with our Angus cattle. With little or no stress in their lives you can taste the difference. Humanely raised lamb and beef is just better! We are very strong advocates of animal welfare believing all animals have a right to shelter, good feed and humane treatment during every phase of their lives.
Please feel free to look around and contact us if you have any questions - Thanks for visiting! Come back often to view our regular updates.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.538074
Retrieved Text: One unnoticed fact about Obesity!!
People who have weight issues have very little length between their armpit and waistline. Do you wonder what it has to do with looking big?? Think again.
We have our organs between our ribcage and pelvis. When our back and side muscles get really tight, they pull our pelvis up towards our ribcage. This pushes our viscera forward and we see big, protruding belly. Everything that protrudes is mistaken as fat accumulated in the belly and is blamed for poor posture. If those back and side muscles become long again, there will be enough space for all the organs to go back to their own space and belly will not protrude. Longer muscles help move with ease and flexibility and look graceful.
People with weight issue look like they have more fat around their belly. They don't have a good posture, they cannot move fluidly and flexibly, they experience pain and all of this is blamed on their weight. Only if they reduce their weight everything will be great!!
Growing up, I was a very active child and I was very slim. I never thought in my dream that weight will be an issue for me. Then, I started experiencing chronic pain and couldn't move. I just started sitting for the entire day. And then I put on 50-60 lbs.
Feeling of being old, worn out and chronic pain are caused by habitual dysfunctional movement patterns. During Somatic session, we evaluate and reorganize movement patterns causing the problem by retraining the brain for healthier movements.
Reduce Stress,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.484762
Retrieved Text: It feels like odd timing to post about discouragement, because it’s Thanksgiving week and we’re all suppose to be feeling thankful, right? But I think during the holidays it can be ESPECIALLY important when hard emotions come up, to let them coexist with all of the celebration and beauty of the season. Whether you’re in a space of discouragement and disappointment, or you’re walking beside someone who is, this post is for you.
This month marks the two year date that my body crashed really hard. After fighting unknowns for eight years, it was done living in survival mode. We entered into what would be a longer and more painful healing than anyone expected.
This week was a heavy reminder of how long the journey of restoration can sometimes still be.
Maybe you’re holding a weight of your own, or walking through some heaviness. Pain in any form, and to any degree, can feel suffocating, and often there isn’t a simple way out. But in those spaces, when you can’t move out, you can move through with a little more ease if there’s a light in the darkness.
Maybe you feel like your hope keeps being deferred.
Maybe your shadows feel too thick to even take the next step.
Maybe you hold memories that are so painful this time of year.
Maybe where you thought you’d be this season isn’t at all where you find your current reality.
Pain and heavy disappointment is so valid.
Maybe we can’t jump over the pain, but together with kindred spirits, we can keep moving through it well.
Around that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.481527
Retrieved Text: My first home as a newly married woman was a cute little house down the street from the local elementary school. We feel in love with the neighborhood, but the house was so tiny we had to move after about five years. Still, I can remember the black lamppost in the front yard. When it snowed I thought of Narnia.
The kitchen led to a screened in porch which overlooked the backyard. You could find me sipping my coffee, reading my Bible in the early mornings hours before my two little boys woke up.
When we had to move, I cried. It was the very first home, and moving into our new home felt strange and unfamiliar. Moving around was something the children of Israel knew very well. Most scholars believe they camped 42 different places in the 40 years of wandering after leaving Egypt. The book of Exodus, Leviticus, and Deuteronomy tells of their search for a dwelling place.
The day comes when they will enter into the Promised Land. The excitement fills the air. It is electric as they stand on the soil forty years later in which their parents disobey and failed to trust God. Will they make the same mistakes? Moses, who will never enter the land, wants to warn them before entering into their long-awaited home.
Psalm 90 was most likely written at the end of Moses life. It says that this psalm is “A prayer of Moses, the Man of God.” A prayer to God for the people who he loved for over forty

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.438263
Retrieved Text: Rosh HaShanah begins Sunday night. I am looking forward to welcoming the new Jewish year, 5776, with all of you. As we do so, we will be focusing on our ability to transform our lives, making the changes needed to make this new year one in which we flourish.
To get us thinking about our ability to transform ourselves, I wanted to share this beautiful story told by the great Rabbi Nachman of Breslov (1772-1810).
It is told that a certain tzadik (a righteous person) was overcome with a terrible sense of sadness. This tzadik fell into such a mood of deep discouragement that he found it literally impossible to move. He sat in his home, in his chair, wanting to lift himself up, but nothing could make him happy. Whenever he tried to be happy about something, he found in it something to make him depressed.
Finally he started trying to make himself happy by focusing on the fact that God had made him a good, decent person. This is certainly a reason to feel immeasurable joy since the vast gulf between the holiness of a good, decent person and the impurity of those who are evil is beyond all measure. As the tzadik sat in his chair, his right arm resting on the arm of the chair, his left arm resting in his lap, his head resting in the exact center of the back of the chair, he focused intently on how fortunate he was to have been created as a good, decent person and this did

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.424768
Retrieved Text: Among the many bounteous creations that Mother Nature has created, we find some are cuter than others. This may be because these creations are closer to us and we get to see them on a daily basis or due to the fact that they are genuinely cute. In case of squirrels both the concepts apply as squirrels are something that are closer to us and also that they are immensely cute. The thing about squirrels is that not only are they immensely cute in their appearance but they are also cute in their actions.
The first thing about beautiful squirrel pictures is that even when the squirrel is not doing any activity, there is that potential for action in the picture. This is because squirrels by their very nature are creatures that are constantly on the move. They tend to move around the grass and trees looking for small tidbits to eat, foraging for nuts and foods that they can nibble. With their slightly bulgy cheeks, rolling eyes and bushy tails they are form a visual that begs to be clicked.
What is more their penchant to constantly move around at a good speed either with a purpose or simply cavorting about, makes them a nice sight. Their cute habit of holding a morsel of food in their front paws and taking small bites out of it seems to be the epitome of cuteness. This is done even as their eyes dart about looking for any potential rival for their food. The way squirrels eat has an almost

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.417263
Retrieved Text: ← Where’s froggie? For enhancing eye hand coordination!
This song is from Disney Play Along 1 DVD. My girl loves it very much. It is good to sing and move with your little one. As they can feel the relationship between their ownself and the space.
When daddy or mommy carry them and move around/ swing/ spin, their view is different from what they used to see (eye’s level is higher then usual). Also it enhances the inner ear development which good for balancing.
And more important is, it can strenghten the relationship between your little one and you!!
One more thing, special thanks for my teaching assistant – Abbie’s Daddy ^o^ who is always support me and agree my view of education.
I am dancing, dancing around & around…..
I like to dance my daddy and me.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.416546
Retrieved Text: I guess this would be her last time attending the Nikko Toshogu Grand Spring Festival.
For more photos from the festival, please see this post and this post and even this post.
I feel a lot of message from this picture: love, care, attention...Nice BW picture.
A photo full of meaning and feelings. there is warmth here.
I hope she found blessing, along with those who care for her. Fine and moving photo.
considering how difficult it is to move around the temple complex in a wheelchair (actually, until now I thought it impossible), I really admire the determination of her carers.
What a fabulous capture! I love these little shots of other's lives.
I admire th0se who t0ok care of her to attend her last visit to spring festival.it is n0t easy t0 care s0me0ne in a wheelchair,kud0s t0 them!
Touching photo. We should all be so lucky as to have devoted caregivers when we are so very old.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.361324
Retrieved Text: What would a mermaid home be without some deep blue ocean night lights that will remind you of the sea? In this comparison, we test, use and review the best night lights that remind us of the ocean.
One of the most important things in a house is lighting, how natural light works within your home and what artificial lighting you use when it's dark on an evening. This doesn't stop with just lighting up a room to be able to see things. There are a few types of light products which can help you fall asleep, keep the kids calm and even help you navigate around a house safely at night.
A nightlight is a light that usually plugs in to a fixture on your wall and placed around the house to calm or to help in dark parts of the home when the sun sets.
The past few weeks, we thoroughly tested, used reviewed to see what are the best plug in night lights and best ocean ceiling projectors. We have chosen to test a number of different night lights, as they can all do similar jobs regards helping you fall asleep with their soothing blue light and some of them can be used as navigation aids on an evening too. We've chosen the colour blue for each night light as they are much more soothing, stylish and we feel would suit an ocean home more than a harsh white light.
Why A Blue Night Light?
Which is why we think they are perfect for night lights, you want

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.337841
Retrieved Text: Dani and Lou are by far the most lovable couple one could ever meet. Beyond that, the love they share for one another is absolutely intoxicating. It’s impossible to feel anything but happiness when you’re around these two!
A little tidbit about Dani is that she is also in the industry. She works for one of the top music and entertainment companies in Manhattan (On The Move Entertainment), so of course when she wanted MEW to help with her wedding I was so honored.
Dani has a very vibrant and fun personality and that was certainly something that was portrayed in her event design of whimsical romance. With the ceremony taking place at the beautiful Sagamore Resort, right on the water, it was everything that dreams are made of. Let the fairytale continue as the couple took a horse and carriage ride from the resort to a private property where the perfect tented affair awaited.
From their heartfelt vows, to their perfectly choreographed first dance, and all of the feels in between this is hands down one of our favorites. We all felt so uplifted just being around them, and you could see and feel the genuine joy that radiated throughout the day from their friends and family.
It was a true fairytale wedding so there was no surprise when BRIDES wanted to feature this perfect day!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.291952
Retrieved Text: “I started my voyage into Djembe around 6 years ago when i started training under Alena Schneider. After 2 lessons i went to the shop and bought my first djembe. After my first Tribalism i was hooked and ive never looked back. Currently i am training under Simon in the advanced class and playing with Sessi Sessi.
What really appealed to move on that first Tribalism was the sense of music as being something created by a community. That we played music for each, rather than the normal performer/audience relationship.
And in Sessi Sessi that “tradition” is still very much alive. Whenever we go out to a gig we always bring extra instruments for members of the public to play. In the middle of a performance we might have little dance or drumming workshops so we can bring as many people into the band as we can. Either in a drumming circle or up on stage with us. And its great to see the looks on people as they start to feel that they are not just a part of making music, they are a part of making good music.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.27715
Retrieved Text: Alameda is in California and is west of Oakland located on Alameda island. Alameda island is about 20 minutes from the next island Bay Farm island. Alameda is in Alameda county. The exact location is 37.7561 °N, 122.2744°.
Place- What is it like in Alameda?
Alameda is a very quiet unique town with lots of things to do. Everyone is very welcoming there. The little town is very historic with many museums like the Uss Hornet boat museum and the historic Posey tube. Most of the towns have the same feel every where you go.
Human enviornment interaction- How have the residence of Alameda California interacted with the world around them?
The people of Alameda California dress for mild climates at the lowest in the 40's and the highest in the 90's. They have built houses to withstand all types of weather rain sun even earthquakes. Much has changed in Alameda California like they have cut down trees built buildings some buildings have even been standing for since it became a city.
Movement- Why people move to and away from Alameda?
Alameda is a very small cute town. Every where you go you feel safe. They have nice little neighborhoods and the view on the beach is priceless. When you move to Alameda there is very good food and most important the schools are great. Some people move away because of the really tight driving rules even if you are going one noch over the speed limit you could get pulled over. Also if you want to get organic anything it is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.257559
Retrieved Text: I had spent the whole weekend lifting, packing, moving, shoving, throwing things into boxes, selling stuff, haggling with people about prices at our garage sale, cleaning, watching Luke, and trying to be as productive as possible. It was time to get things done!
But during the last bits of day on Sunday, it all collapsed on me, and I felt it's weight.
You know the life-is-moving-forward-and-this-is-good-and-weird-and-fun-and-stressful-and-hard-all-at-the-same-time kinda feeling.
I stood in Luke's old room and took in a moment. I swept up the dust, and it was bittersweet as I thought about how many memories where made in that place. I mopped and remembered the hours I spent rocking my firstborn in the corner rocker--the moments that we brought in the wee morning hours right in that spot.
I know those memories don't dissipate when you move forward into new places and new times. Yet, I always feel the sacredness of those moments when I stand in the empty room that was once filled with so much.
It was the home that rang in the exciting news of pregnancy with us. It was the home that ushered in parenthood with us and welcomed us in with a new baby in tow. It was the home that watched tired parents pad around at night and creaked along with us. It was the home that was filled with congratulations when Josh finished school. It was the home that held up the floor for Luke to take his first steps in. That home is a keeper of many dear and milestone memories.
There's always that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.256498
Retrieved Text: I finally got a chance to play the new Legend of Zelda – Breath of the Wild last night. I was at a friend’s place and together we switched off during different explorations and battles. For a first impression, the scenery is AMAZING! The battles are something else. The smaller ones that include lone campsites and creatures were cool. It did sort of ruin a moment when a sword or two shattered and we didn’t have anything else to try. My biggest disappointment was going into my first shrine and being greeted by a robot with two swords. Let’s just say that we nearly killed it, for over an hour, but it just kept crushing poor Link! NEED MORE HEARTS!!! One hit kills, man! Move!
Now, being a die-hard Youtuber, I had watched a ton of other people play, knew the ending, all that jazz. I just didn’t know any of the controls. Let me just say that it’s very different to know what you’re supposed to be doing, and then realize you don’t even know WHAT you’re doing. First of all, the controls kept jamming for some reason. Link wold often crouch in mid-fight, or creep up against a wall and not move anywhere else. Or he would just wander around in circles. That was frustrating. We died countless times because of that!
Then there are the huge Guardians wandering around in the fields. One got trapped in a group of trees. So Link made a run for it. Can he move any faster??? I really wanted

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.240713
Retrieved Text: I definitely can sympathise with the cabin fever. There’s fewer things that can make me feel like I’m going mad than getting trapped at home with the kids for days on end. I find that when I manage to see a friend, and/or do something active (even just putting on some music I love and dancing round the kitchen), it can really help lift the cabin fever. Even better when you get a day off from the children all together! This too will pass! You can do it!
Haha yea, that is true-it’s the little things that make it fun- like putting on music. I don’t mind being with my daughter, I just feel bad b/c I feel like I can feel her boredom lol but like you said, this too shall pass.. should be 70 here tomorrow!
Ironically, after writing you that message, I’ve been stuck at home with my son with chicken pox and it is doing my head in!
Oh no!! Hope he feels better!!
Haha aw I love those ideas. Def going to do the treasure hunt ASAP. I will have to get creative- sounds fun! And that towel dance game sounds great when she’s a little older.. thanks!!
You’re welcome! Yes they don’t have to do amazing dance moves, my daughter who is 8 has played it with a friend who was 3 at the time 😊 Its just a giggle.
It’s crazy how the whole country basically had cabin fever! Lol. Yes, very excited about the next couple days!
Yes! We are desperate for spring here in

================



======= Instance Index 1988 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are healthier or less healthy ):

Breast cancer is rare in teens but becomes more common as females get older.


As people get older they generally become healthier or less healthy?

Target Text: less healthy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.158257
Retrieved Text: As the baby boomers become senior citizens, it seems as if the boom is going to continue to an advanced age.
All the statistics point to older people living longer and longer.
If you are 55 now, you have a 50% chance of reaching 90.
USA seniors could increase by 40% in 5 years.
The world senior age group is expected to triple by 2050.
In the UK there could be 30 000 people over the age of 100 by the year 2030 and that means the Queen or King of England sending out all those congratulatory telegrams!
By 2034, 1 in 4 in the UK will be over 65 while the number of over 85 will have doubled.
By 2050 the world senior age group could have tripled.
Now all of these projections can cause Governments big headaches with challenges such as health care, financial well being, pension schemes, welfare services, hospitals and retirement homes.
Those who are nearing the senior years may worry about finance, health and being left alone if they live to a great age.
The financial implications of the ageing UK population has been described as a ticking time bomb.
Conditions such as arthritis, shingles, insomnia, psoriasis and hemorrhoids and the discomfort they cause can all affect older people.
And if our partners and friends die before us, we may be left alone.
We all know the stereotype “grumpy old men” and “grumpy old women”. There have even been amusing TV shows interviewing celebrities who consider themselves to be just such grumpy old men or women. However, and interestingly, studies on people aged up

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.097033
Retrieved Text: Slips, Trips and Fractured Hips has been written for older people and all those caring for them, supported by RoSPA and AGE UK. Written by an experienced nurse and first aid expert, packed full of real life experience and sound advice; this book is designed to help you take measures to avoid injuries and equip you with the necessary first aid skills should an accident occur. Enabling people to remain safe, healthy and independent, reducing the incidence of admission to hospital from avoidable causes.
It is designed to help you take measures to prevent life-threatening injuries and help you plan, prepare and avoid mishap. It will also equip you with the necessary skills should an accident occur. Immediate and appropriate first aid saves lives, reduces pain and suffering and can make a dramatic difference to the speed and extent of the casualty’s recovery.
First aid treatment can be so simple and knowing what to do can save people so much pain, scarring and further major hospital intervention.
Supported by RoSPA, Home Safety and Age UK advisers, Slips, Trips and Fractured Hips is packed full of practical hints and tips relevant to people as they get older.
As we get older our physiology changes and we often develop additional medical conditions. These conditions and the medicine taken to manage them can alter the way our bodies react to injury. Understanding this is key to managing a first aid emergency in an older person and anticipating how they might react to the injuries you can see. Staying one step ahead in an

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.330322
Retrieved Text: Which directly leads to my point: Did you ever wonder why people are far more likely to become conservative in their views and values as they get older?
When this rather devastating question is posed to liberals, leftists, progressives, Democrats – you choose the label or group – they answer that people get more selfish as they get older.
Liberals have to give this answer. There is no other response that enables them to avoid confronting the quite embarrassing fact that just about every adult, at every age of life, thinks he/she is wiser than when younger – and that as they accumulate wisdom they become more conservative.
So the liberal explanation – that people get more selfish as they get older – is not only insulting, it is nonsense.
People get worse as they get older?
If you were walking in a dark alley at midnight, which would you fear more – a group of teenagers or twentysomethings or a group of senior citizens?
Do older people or younger people give more of their time to charitable institutions?
Are our prisons filled with young people or old people?
The fact is that not only do people get more wise and more conservative as they get older, they get more kind and more generous, too.
But what about “idealism”? We are told that young people are more “idealistic” than old people.
Let me respond by asking: What does “idealistic” mean?
Here’s an example: Young people believe that when the government gives more money and benefits to more people it helps them. This is naïve. As you get

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.313387
Retrieved Text: Local residents noticed that the timings on the pedestrian crossing going across the road from an older persons’ housing estate to a local health centre at the junction of Crompton Way and Green Way in Bolton was not giving enough ‘green man’ time for people to get over safely. Older residents of the area spoke of having to order a taxi to take them to an appointment a few yards away, just to avoid using the crossing as they had become so nervous.
AFA Bolton invited representatives from Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) to try out the crossing with them in person and in the company of some older local residents. It soon became apparent that the lights were changing to let the traffic through before everyone reached the other side. As a result, TfGM added additional time to the three traffic crossings around the health centre so all residents can now cross the road in safety.
People are now using the crossing all the time as it offers a quicker and a more direct and convenient way of getting to the health centre. Older people, in particular, are not as scared of going over the road via the crossing, and generally feel more encouraged and supported in the community.
Inviting representatives from Transport for Greater Manchester was what made all the difference in the world to ensuring remedial action was taken. It became apparent that nothing beats personal experience when it comes to assessing a situation for limitations and dangers. By actively including the TfGM staff, the case

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.6842
Retrieved Text: People’s cellphone use has injected itself into public spaces. This has blurred the line between private and public as often-intimate and occasionally blustering phone conversations have now become a common part of the background noise during bus rides, grocery shopping excursions, picnics, sidewalk strolls, waits in airport terminals and many other public venues.
To see how people are responding to these changes, people were asked about their views on general cellphone etiquette in public. About three-quarters of all adults, including those who do not use cellphones, say that it is “generally OK” to use cellphones in unavoidably public areas, such as when walking down the street, while on public transportation or while waiting in line. At the same time, the majority of Americans do not think it is generally acceptable to use cellphones in restaurants or at family dinners. Most also oppose cellphone use in meetings, places where others are usually quiet (such as a movie theater), or at church or worship service.
It is important to note that the survey did not specify what “using a cellphone” meant, and so the question was open to interpretation. It is possible that people who use their phones more often and in more diverse ways may have wider definition of what “cellphone use” entails, including less intrusive or more social activities such as sending a text message, checking email or taking a photo. Clearly, less frequent users and non-users may more strongly associate the idea of “cell use” with voice calls, which may be seen as more disruptive.
Roughly three-quarters (77%)

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.606201
Retrieved Text: Cataracts are cloudy patches in the lens of the eye that can make vision blurred or misty. They are a very common eye condition.
Cataracts can develop in one or both eyes, and one eye can often be more affected than the other.
The lens is the transparent structure positioned near the front of the eye. It is originally clear and allows light to pass through to the back of the eye. However, if parts of the lens become cloudy (opaque), light is unable to pass through the cloudy patches as efficiently.
Over time, the cloudy patches become bigger, and more of them develop. As less light is able to pass through the lens, a person’s vision is likely to become blurry or cloudy. The cloudier the lens becomes, the more the person’s sight will be affected.
Less improvement from current spectacles.
Cataracts are the main cause of impaired vision worldwide, particularly in developing countries. They affect men and women equally.
Cataracts are more common in older people. Cataracts that affect older people are known as age-related cataracts. In the UK, more than half of people who are over 65 have some cataract development in one or both eyes.
If cataracts are mild then stronger glasses and brighter reading lights may enable people to live with the condition.
Once cataracts start interfering with daily activities such as cooking or getting dressed, surgery is usually recommended. It’s estimated that around 10 million cataract operations are performed around the world each year.
Cataract operations are generally very successful, with a low risk of serious complications. ‘The most

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.360722
Retrieved Text: From middle age onwards, most of us begin to feel the effects of gravity as if it was an enemy – our spine and joints compress and we become less flexible. With the ageing process, it is easy to find that life becomes more difficult in small unexpected ways. Simple daily activities like getting in and out of a chair, walking up and down stairs, carrying things, reaching for a high shelf or gardening are not as easy as they once were and we become more prone to chronic aches and pains. For the older person, balance and fear of falling becomes an issue.
The physical demands that we take for granted become more difficult as we get older and that is where people need all the help that they can get. Alexander help is particularly appreciated here.
Lessons in the Alexander Technique are gentle and carried out on a one-to–one basis. They help people to stay active. They help restore flexibility, balance and range of movement. Most people, over a series of sessions, find that they begin to move in a more youthful way, which improves confidence and their attitude to the ageing process often becomes more optimistic. No special aptitude or clothing is required.
Joan Bakewell, 79, Government Tsar for Older People.
BBC Radio 4 Woman’s Hour 12 June 2012 – Elisabeth Walker, age 97, interviewed.
The Guardian March 16 2006 – Jeanne Day, aged 80, interviewed.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.317
Retrieved Text: Most people would agree that children are generally more creative than adults. Children draw more, ask more questions and come up with interesting ideas. There are two commonly held theories about why we lose our creativity as we age.
The first theory is that as we age, we become more and more aware of practical constraints such as gravity or economics. Working within these constraints prevents us from fully utilizing our imaginations. We must suspend our disbelief in order to be mentally playful.
The second theory is that our culture socializes creative properties out of people. When we are young we are encouraged to draw and play, but as we get older more emphasis is placed on more cerebral activities such as math and reading. Children are slowly trained that being able to do arithmetic is more important than being creative.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.286612
Retrieved Text: Most people in the Detroit area have found that losing weight gets more difficult as they get older, and having bariatric surgery is a great way to get rid of excess weight so they can be healthier and happier for the rest of their lives. Studies have shown that older people who undergo bariatric surgery in the Detroit area and around the U.S. don’t face risks that are significantly higher than younger people who undergo the same type of surgery. They also reduce their chances of facing a number of health conditions that can drastically shorten their life span.
Patients who undergo bariatric surgery dramatically reduce their risks for a variety of health conditions such as hypertension, diabetes and sleep apnea. Older people tend to get depressed more easily than younger adults, and bariatric surgery improves the self-esteem of most patients and reduces their risk of depression. Obese patients who have undergone weight loss surgery generally sleep much more soundly than they did before their surgery and their risk of sleep apnea is greatly reduced.
Another benefit of obesity surgery is that patients who have undergone the surgery are usually able to enjoy many activities that were difficult for them while they were heavier, such as sports and exercise. These patients may rediscover sports that they thought they’d never be able to play again.
One of the benefits of weight loss surgery is the ability to travel. Older patients who are obese may not be able to leave the Detroit area before their weight loss surgery because driving or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.255333
Retrieved Text: Just about form m will have to do later on in life is undoubtedly care for a good maturing partner. Generally there may perhaps appear a moment each time a guy is undoubtedly helpless to manage the project them selves. Working with a service that has in house care for the older takes plenty of stress off all a person’s registration.Programs enjoy CDPAP help people find the home based treatment or their loved ones will need. how to become a caregiver are examples of the symptoms any person may possibly see only when it's time for you to obtain their elderly family member outside assistance.
personal assistant nyc is Shedding Weight PromptlyIf someone actually starts to recognize that their own older comparable is definitely shedding pounds in the super fast stride, they need to act. Often, this will be the result of typically the senior’s lack of ability cook by themselves. Rather than putting an individual in a assisted living facility, someone will surely have to test with dwelling attention initial.The professionals who come in that will help the aged person should be able to create the meals they eat and share a few mild cleanup support in addition. Utilizing this support, an important mature can look at more useful things like keeping healthy.
The Inability to proceed to the SupermarketOne other issue which might be a suggestion that your particular older person desires guidance is the inability to visit the grocer's. An elderly care and attention provider is able to require a guy for the store along

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.17645
Retrieved Text: Time Abyss: The members of the assorted naturally or artificially immortal species of the modern day still haven’t been around long enough for this – although the Empire contains plenty of people who are older than all Earth’s modern nations, and at least a few who are older than human civilization period. With time, they’ll get there.
A few Living Relics dug out of the archives play it straight, but generally lack continuity.
I’m looking forward to hearing the story of the oldest documented individual still around. I’d imagine they have a lot to say.
The trope’s page lists the minimum age as 5,000.
Still not much of a Time Abyss by either SFnal or local standards. I mean, it’s not as if they just have ancient buildings older than that, they have not-only-still-inhabited-but-in-continuous-use buildings that are older than that… which makes it feel decidedly non-Abyssal, y’know?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.126816
Retrieved Text: Many older adults take medications that treat health conditions like pain and heart disease. Most take their medications properly, but some older adults have problems taking them the way they should. This includes unintentionally taking a medication the wrong way, as well as intentional abuse.
Some people accidentally take medicines incorrectly, often without knowing it. They may forget their medicine, take it too often, or take the wrong amount. As people age, trouble with vision or memory can make it hard to use medications correctly.
Taking lots of medications at different times of the day can be confusing. Another common problem is having more than one doctor who prescribes medicines, but no single doctor who monitors them all and checks for any interactions.
Taking a prescription medication as directed by a doctor is generally safe and effective. But lately there has been a rise in the number of older adults who use medicines improperly, including for non-medical reasons, and suffering the consequences. Recent reports show increased hospitalizations and visits to emergency rooms by older people involving improper use of prescription as well as illicit drugs.
Intentional abuse is when a person knowingly uses prescription medications the wrong way, takes medicines not prescribed for him or her, or combines them with alcohol or illicit drugs. People may do this to feel good, feel better, or calm down.
Sometimes a big change, such as retirement, the death of a loved one, or failing health, can lead to loneliness, boredom, anxiety, or depression. That can prompt a person to begin, continue, or increase the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.118269
Retrieved Text: As a generally chatty, bubbly and lovely (I hope!) person, friendships have always come easily to me. As a kid my mum said I would often make friends with strangers, adults and children alike! As I have gotten older, the inevitable social anxiety has crept in just a tad. However, I love meeting new, like minded people. I find I am a great judge of character and can generally tell if I will get on with someone within the first day of meeting them. This can be a fun process, especially when you feel like you've met your new bff!
For someone like me, who puts a large emphasis on friendships, it can be hard finding friends who care as much as I do. Do you have those friends who you love to pieces but are just a little flakey, or absent? Or those work-friends who you get on with like a house on fire during work hours, but are nowhere to be seen or heard outside of work - are we truly great friends, or are we just friends of circumstance? It can all be very political!
It's then, that really great friends become even more important - they are the ones who truly care and have time for you, as you do for them. I believe that a great friendship takes a little hard work, a bit of patience and forgiveness and most importantly, it should be easy. The ones worth having are the ones worth the effort.
So when you do find those few people who

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.078363
Retrieved Text: How Age Discrimination Works (c) 2016 by Adam Fletcher for The Freechild Project.
Adultism, which is bias towards adults, leads to all other forms of age discrimination. It does this by supporting cultures, attitudes and systems of distrust, disrespect and disdain towards anyone who is not seen as an adult.
Adultism fosters pediaphobia, which is the fear of children. Seen as less-than-adults, children are infantalized and generally belittled through language and actions that constantly impose adult power, control and authority over them.
Ephebiphobia is the fear of youth. Caused by the segregation of young people from adults that truly takes form in the preteen years and leads to the alienation and demonization of youth until adulthood.
Adultism makes older people aliens to their own existence through gerontophobia, demeaning and disempowering them as routinely and consistently as children and youth. However, as aged adults, older people can exert their authority through gerontocracy, which is when older people control people, organizations, nations and the world simply because of their age.
Adultcentrism is based on adultism, which is bias towards adults. This bias is the central force in causing the three resultant phenomena of pediaphobia, which is the fear of children; ephebiphobia, which is fear of youth; and gerontophobia, which is fear of older people. While all of these are reliant on each other for their emphasis and power, each is rooted in the primary bias towards adults.The Relationships Between Age DiscriminationsConsistently favoring adults leads to these discriminations in a variety of ways. Namely, adultism is used internally by individuals to justify their fears

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.035759
Retrieved Text: Long term insurance is a type of insurance policy that covers non-medical aid that you might need to help you live in your old age. Most policies cover stays in nursing homes or assisted living facilities as well as services to help you stay in your home, such as a home health aide.
Care insurance is generally for older people who because of a mental or physical disability either need help in their homes or need to live in a facility where they can get help with daily living. However, it is a good idea to buy insurance when you are younger, because premiums are more expensive for older people who are likely to use the policy shortly after buying it.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.034595
Retrieved Text: Like any form of bias, ageism has led many of us to make false assumptions about seniors.
Learn more about some of the top myths of aging.
Ageist stereotypes about seniors are unfortunately pervasive in our culture. In films, on television and even in the jokes we hear, misconceptions about aging and seniors are ever present.
While aging can create cognitive changes, older people may perform better in certain areas of intelligence and poorer in others. While seniors may have slower reaction times, “mental capabilities that depend most heavily on accumulated experience and knowledge, like settling disputes and enlarging one’s vocabulary, clearly get better over time,” writes Patricia Cohen in the New York Times.
Though social isolation can be a problem for seniors, especially to those who have limited mobility, most seniors are able to stay socially engaged. Activities with family and friends and visits at places such as the local senior center or a place of worship, also help seniors stay active and happy.
There are countless examples that dispel the myth that aging makes you less creative. In fact, many artists actually find their calling or achieve mastery in their later years. A great example is American artist “Grandma Moses,” who held her first one-woman art show in 1940 when she was 80 and continued to paint until she was 101.
Seniors certainly have a higher rate of religious attendance, but this is a generational phenomenon rather than an aging phenomenon. If you regularly attended church growing up, you’re likely to continue to do so as you age. Today’s senior’s

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.033352
Retrieved Text: Syringomas could appear at any get older, though they usually take place after puberty. Syringomas could develop in people regarding any race and regarding either gender, though females tend to be more commonly affected.
Syringomas often run in families. Nearly 18% of people with Down syndrome have syringomas. People with diabetes mellitus are more inclined to have a type generally known as clear cell syringomas.
A less common condition, eruptive syringomas, is more commonly seen in people with darker skin.
They might be removed with erbium or carbon dioxide lasers.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.90365
Retrieved Text: The number of older Americans is growing rapidly. The share of adults 65 or older in the U.S. is expected to rise from 14.5 percent of the population in 2014 to 21.7 percent of the population by 2040.1 While medical advances have allowed many older adults to live longer, healthier lives, many are also living with multiple chronic conditions that are likely to lead to a slow deterioration over time. In the context of these demographic changes and the challenges arising from an older population with serious health needs, the Kaiser Family Foundation (KFF) conducted a large scale nationally representative telephone survey of 2,040 adults, in order to better understand people’s expectations about later life and efforts they’ve taken to plan for if they become seriously ill. This survey will serve as a baseline and we will conduct future surveys to measure how these attitudes and experiences change over time. To learn more about the experiences of those with serious illness specifically, this survey included interviews with 998 adults who are either personally age 65 or older living with a serious illness, or have a family member who is or was before they recently died. For this survey, those who are seriously ill are older adults who have at least one of several chronic conditions and report functional limitations due to a health or memory problem such as difficulty preparing meals, shopping for groceries, taking medications, getting across a room, eating, dressing, bathing, or using the toilet. This broad definition not only includes people who are

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.900475
Retrieved Text: Your consequently named Tricare supplement insurance plan is often a health insurance plan inclined to your military services personnel. The idea is just about the positive aspects that this personnel along with his or her fast people including his or her wife or husband along with young children may possibly take advantage involving. The truth is, it is just a benefit that will your self are worthy of to get.
It’s not at all brand-new that will receiving a health insurance plan right now will be as critical while taking good care of all your family members inside way of life. That is certainly precisely what your military services sector is anxious with regards to. Your problem firstly can be, which insurance is the most suitable pertaining to your self? Your Tricare supplement insurance plan gives distinct strategies determined by precisely what your self requires. Anyone have the choice to pick what is the best prepare you wish to take advantage that will in addition accommodates your current fiscal finances. What is actually in addition very good with regards to Tricare can be that this charges they have are generally affordable involving insurance strategies.
People who find themselves permitted engage in the offer are generally those people military services personnel that will are planning to cease working and they are down below age 65. His or her coated dependents are generally naturally his or her partner along with young children who will be involving authorized get older that is certainly down below 21 years of age years. Your

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.89342
Retrieved Text: Although it is not always true, older people are usually better praised for their wisdom and reputation. The same applies in the online world. Although older websites are not always better than the newer ones, we often see that older websites have advantages in terms of search ranking. The popularity of a website is often indicated by the Page Rank value and the value itself tends to become higher when the website is older. There’s no confirmation whether domain age is a relevant SEO factor and if it is used to determine rank, we don’t know about its significance and whether it is influential enough. However, it is safe to assume that domain age has a contributing factor, especially if you have a new website and want to compete with older ones.
This can be achieved by trying to become better than older websites in areas where you can make improvements. As an example, older websites may seem to have more passive or minimal marketing attempts. You can post articles in directories or create a blog section to provide latest news in the industry. In some cases, old websites with static content seem to rank high and you should have an opportunity to become better in this area. Although there’s no guarantee that you can be ranked better, there’s still a good chance that you will be ranked high enough. This is especially true because newer websites are often spammy and they may not be consistent enough. In reality, many websites end up becoming abandoned for years.
Fortunately,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.741547
Retrieved Text: In a recent book, The Aging Consumer, Aimee Drolet, Norbert Schwarz, and Carolyn Yoon have compiled a summary of a number of research studies regarding how aging affects decision making. Given our demographics, insights into how our aging population make decisions could help those who are living it as well as those who advise an aging client population.
In one section of this book, the authors explain socioemotional selectivity theory (SST). The concept is that as people age, their perception of the amount of life time remaining is shortened. As a consequence, a more limited time for decision making changes modestly the type of information included in decision making and the way it is processed. In particular, when time is viewed as limited, people tend to be more present oriented. They tend to seek satisfaction in the moment and are focused on what can be experienced and enjoyed now.
People with limited time are generally more focused on intimacy and embracing value from their social interactions. Alternatively, when people view time as expansive, they tend to be more future oriented. They seek future rather than present satisfaction.
According to SST, as time passes and people’s time horizon perspectives become more limited, goals focusing on knowledge acquisition become less salient and goals focusing on emotional well-being become more so.
A chapter written by Ellen Peters reinforces the above in suggesting that older adults tend to use more selectively the deliberative capacity and focus more on relevance and meaningfulness – perhaps more system 1 (intuitive) versus system 2 (deliberative) thinking. Bringing meaning

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.73584
Retrieved Text: Home staging for empty nesters can involve trying to market to older property buyers as the target demographic or can describe ways in which older real estate sellers can attract young buyers. Empty nesters are people who have already raised their families and are now free from having children living in the home. These older people often find themselves looking for a change in living arrangements, since their needs are no longer met by their large family homes.
Empty nesters are a major buyer and seller demographic in the real estate marketing sector. Understanding their needs is crucial in order to help these people to realize their property buying or selling aspirations.
The scope of this article highlights empty nesters in the real estate marketplace. We will examine how empty nesters can improve their saleable properties to attract young family-oriented buyers, as well as ways in which any property can be enhanced to appeal to empty nester buyers.
A time comes when the children leave and a couple finds themselves alone in a large family-style home. They are getting older and do not require the large space, the large yard or the considerable upkeep associated with their current property. This couple probably has many friends who have sold off their large residences in favor of something more convenient and smaller; a property perfectly suited to the needs of older people without the encumbrance of children. They have therefore decided to follow suit.
As children leave, the large family home tends to change in it set-up and usage. Former children’s rooms

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.721695
Retrieved Text: Ever the chameleon, Janet Jackson confirmed today that she is indeed pregnant, as has been speculated, adding yet another dimension to her accomplished life. The actress, singer, and dancer is taking on motherhood for the first time at age 50—and her formal announcement prompts a flurry of questions about advanced-age pregnancy. Here, experts explain the technology making it possible for more women, as well as the challenges they face in their quest to become mothers or add to a family later in life.
“There’s a higher chance for chromosomal abnormalities in eggs above 35, but eggs can now be screened for them,” says Bickman. That's one of the reasons women 35 and older get an “advanced age” label. States like California recommend genetic counseling sessions to educate couples about the potential for such abnormalities. Donor eggs are generally from younger women, so there’s less of a risk with them. “The hard part about being pregnant later isn't the pregnancy,” says Bickman. “It’s the conception. It’s harder to become pregnant, but the actual pregnancy is usually the same.” However, there’s a higher risk of diabetes, hypertension, preterm labor, and delayed growth rate in babies when women are older—whether or not they’ve used in vitro.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.721514
Retrieved Text: Adult education classes, including college readiness and workforce preparation.
TDL training is offered in tandem with GED preparation (only GED students are eligible for TDL training). Training is classroom based. Following classes, students can get forklift training and become certified.
Generally for adults 18 years old or older.
Adult Education classes are intended for people who live in or near Chicago.
Students must live in Illinois.
Before enrolling in classes, all students must complete a placement and/or progress examination which may take up to 3 hours to determine student placement. Call 773-291-6690 with additional questions.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.707941
Retrieved Text: The Joy about being a girl is you get more opportunities because people mostly trust girls better than boys. I know that it majorly sexist but technically that is what happens in life.
We all know that girls have to go through a HARD time when they are older but it is sometimes worth it, GIRLS are the ones that actually produce the baby, GIRLS are the ones who have super fashion sense and are the ones who are unique with any kind of style Goth, jumpy, and get have any personality they want to and we wear make-up to make ourselves look nice, scary, horrible anything you want, we can style hair, have fun and mess around.
Some people don’t like being girls mostly because their scared, I am too, but if you think about it there generally is nothing to be afraid of. You have people all along the way to help you enter adulthood and become bigger and better, people will help you when it is hard and when you need constant monitoring but after all that has passed, I will guarantee that you will have had the time of your LIFE being a girl.
So what I am trying to say is: enjoy being a girl, enjoy having horrid things done to you (I know that sounds backwards but trust me, it I’ll be worth it) because when that is all over you’ll miss it.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.672632
Retrieved Text: If you get the chance to teach older language learners, you are in for a real treat.
Whether you have a whole class of seniors or a few elder students sprinkled into your classes, you will want to take careful consideration of your older learners. They are a joy to teach and a welcomed addition into any classroom. Follow these tips and you will have a great time learning from, as well as teaching your older learners!
Older adults have a lot of life experience under their belts and also have well-developed learning strategies that have served them well in other settings. They can use these strategies to their advantage in language learning, too. As with all learners, you want to tap into their experiences and expand upon those whenever possible. Language learning should give older students the same safe environment in which to share their past and also learn from the others in the class. Teachers should be flexible enough to allow different approaches to the learning tasks inside the classroom. This also connects to their motivation. Older learners almost always have a very pointed reason why they are studying, and that reason will be their primary motivation. It is a good idea to get to know them and their story so that you have a good basis for what types of lessons and themes will attract their attention and motivation.
Older learners will bring a lot to your classroom, but you also need to be flexible and patient with their learning patterns and styles. They often prefer

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.6626
Retrieved Text: As you age, your life including your body go through a multitude of changes; your income, your health, your home life, and even your sense of taste and smell can change. If you have an older loved one that may no longer enjoy what used to be their favorite dish or is having trouble staying physically active, it is time to consider their health seriously. Nutrition for older adults is a top priority here at Oaks Senior Living, which is why we have compiled the following Nutrition Guide for Older Adults.
One thing to take into consideration is that when the body ages it begins to need fewer calories, but just as many nutrients. This is why nutrient-dense foods are essential for older adults - these foods are generally packed with minerals, vitamins, and other nutrients a senior’s body may need.
The best way to ensure your older loved one is eating healthy is to ensure they are consuming all the colors of the rainbow. This means vibrant vegetables, colorful fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy items, lean meats, seafood, beans, nuts, and seeds. They should also try to avoid unhealthy fats, sugary foods, and refined grains.
It is important for seniors to try and keep a healthy weight. It may help to check in with their primary health care provider to ensure they are on track. You may ask yourself, “Why does a healthy weight matter?” As the body ages, it tends to lose muscle mass, become frailer, and changes in caloric need. There are two concerns with nutrition

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.63642
Retrieved Text: Oh Crap, My Mom's On Facebook!
Hooking Up Means What? Ask a College Kid.
In the movie Cocoon, a group of feeble Florida retirees become mysteriously rejuvenated when their retirement home swimming pool turns into a fountain of youth. Does feeling youthful make you happy? If so, are younger people happier than elderly folks? The American Psychological Association reports that persons in their 80s and 90s may be happier than the rest of us. How can that be? Elderly people are not as physically active as they used to be when they were younger. Many of them can no longer drive. Their health deteriorates. Many of their spouses and their friends have died. It's hard for them to get out and make new friends. They resist change. Many have had to leave their homes for assisted living facilities. They engage in fewer social activities and tend to be alone more often. So what's making these folks so gosh darn euphoric?
Turns out that researchers have discovered that with the exception of dementia related diseases, mental health tends to improve as people get older. SAY WHAT? Yes, apparently the older you get, the more content you become. Several studies have found that older adults report fewer negative emotional experiences than younger adults. Researchers also learned that teenagers most frequently reported negative emotions while octogenarians seemed to feel the least negative.
Older adults tend to see the good things in life more easily and are less likely to get as upset when little things go wrong, according to researchers. Psychologists refer to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.570387
Retrieved Text: Last year, I wrote an article on cerebral small vessel disease, a very common condition in which the small blood vessels of the brain develop signs of damage.
If you’re an older adult and you’ve had an MRI done of your brain, chances are pretty good that your scan showed signs of at least mild signs of this condition; one study of older adults aged 60-90 found that 95% of them showed signs of these changes.
These are basically like teensy strokes in the brain. Most are un-noticeable to people, but if you have enough of them, you can certainly develop symptoms, such as cognitive impairment, balance problems, or even vascular dementia.
As I explain in the article and the comments, the first thing to do is to work closely with your doctors to understand what is the likely cause of the damage to the brain’s small blood vessels.
Now, when you do this, you may well find that your doctor just shrugs, or waves off the question.
That’s because in most people, cerebral small vessel disease is thought to be in large part a result of atherosclerosis (more on this term below) affecting the smaller arteries of the brain. And atherosclerosis affects just about everyone as they age, because it’s related to many basic cardiovascular risk factors that become very common in late-life.
So in many cases, asking the doctor why you have signs of cerebral small vessel disease may be like asking why you might have high blood pressure, or arthritis. These are common conditions and they are usually due

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.553892
Retrieved Text: It takes a special kind of plant to thrive in moorland areas, where the weather is often cold, wet and windy.
Three types of heather grow on the North York Moors.
Bell heather has dark pink or purple bell-shaped flowers.
It generally flowers first, in late-July.
Cross-leaved heath has leaves arranged in crosses of four on its stems.
It has pale pink bell-shaped flowers and can often be found in boggy areas.
Ling is the most common type of heather found on the North York Moors. It has very tiny pink flowers and generally flowers in mid- to late-August. The Latin name for ling is Calluna vulgaris. Calluna means ‘to sweep’, and local people once used heather to make a type of broom called a ‘besom’ to sweep their cottage floors.
The heather covering the moorland is an important habitat. Short (young) heather provides food for sheep and red grouse, and shelter and nest sites for some ground-nesting birds. Taller (older) heather provides shelter and nest sites for birds and other wildlife.
However, if left undisturbed, heather plants will live for over 20 years and the stems eventually become very tough and woody, with few leaves or flowers. Consequently, gamekeepers manage the heather by burning it when the stems get to about wellie-top height. They burn different patches each year in rotation, so that there are always areas of short heather and tall heather close together.
Burning takes place over the winter and in early spring when there are no birds nesting on the ground and the soil is generally wet. The fires are small

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are mountains or valleys. ):

Air pressure is less at higher elevations.


Air pressure is lower in the mountains or valleys.?

Target Text: mountains

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.190619
Retrieved Text: Warm air is less dense than cold air, but the pressure is greater--and vice versa.
I had the pressure part backwards. It makes a big difference in aviation because if you fly from an area of warm air into one of colder air, your barometric altimeter is going to indicate that you're farther from the ground that you really are. That is, you'll be lower than you think by looking at the altimeter. Or as the pilot saying goes, "From high to low, watch out below!" The expanded version doesn't scan, but it accounts for temperature, too: "From high to low and hot to cold, watch out below!"
It's the "hot to cold" part that I had backwards. I'd been thinking--erroneously--that because warm air is less dense than cold air, the pressure would be less. In order to get it straight, I had to think of it as if the air were contained in a rigid container. In that case, raising the temperature would increase the air pressure inside the container. But I still don't really understand how it works in free, uncontained air--just that it happens.
When pressure gets lower, altimeter indicates higher or airplane goes lower.
When pressure gets higher, altimeter indicates lower or airplane goes higher.
When temperature gets lower (and density gets higher and pressure gets lower), altimeter indicates higher or airplane goes lower.
When temperature gets higher (and density gets lower and pressure gets higher), altimeter indicates lower or airplane goes higher.
I can say that, but I don't feel it in my bones yet.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.403591
Retrieved Text: Cut the straw into two halves.
Hold one of half-straw in your mouth.
Put the other half into the water, and hold, or tape it so that it sits vertically, with about 1-2cm emerging from the surface.
Use the straw in your mouth to blow quite hard, across the top of the other straw.
If nothing happens, try lowering the straw in the water.
You should find that when you blow hard enough, you produce a spray of tiny water droplets, just like an airbrush.
If you put some colour or paint into the waterm you can use it to paint with (though this could get very messy, very quickly, so make sure you do it outside).
Rapidly moving air will be at a lower pressure than when it is stopped. This is called Bernoulli's principle. So when you blow across the top of the straw, the rapidly moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water in your glass.
One straw is set up to blow over the top of the other one. The fast moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water, so the water is pushed up the straw.
If you blow hard enough, the air above the glass will push the water all the way up the straw, and out of the top, where the rapidly moving air breaks the water up into tiny droplets, which are good for painting with.
Eventually the water gets to the top of the tube, and is broken up into small drops by the fast moving air.
Commercial

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.242693
Retrieved Text: "As you lift the plate closer to the blower, the air strikes the plate and sprays outward across its surface. When the air strikes the center of the plate, the pressure is high. Where it spreads outward across the plate, the pressure is lower, varying with the speed of the air. The closer you move the plate to the blower, the lower the pressure becomes over a large portion of the plate.
As you continue to raise the plate, it reaches a point where the force on its upper surface is less than the force on its lower surface. The difference pushes the plate up!"
We often see this happen without even realizing it. When you first turn on the shower, the shower curtain gets "sucked in" toward the spraying water. When a car drives fast down a street, the leaves that are sitting on the side of the road get sucked in behind it. In a sense, the car creates a vacuum in the surrounding area.
You can try this principle out for yourself. Cut a piece of paper that is about 2 by 6 inches long. Hold the narrow end next to your lower lip with the other end hanging down. Blow across the top of the paper and you’ll find that the paper rises up. The fast moving air on top of the paper creates a lower pressure zone compared to the slow moving air on the bottom of the paper. The low pressure on top pulls the paper up.
It is this principle (Bernoulli’s principle) that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.93519
Retrieved Text: Resources on Body Supported Treadmill Training can be Precise and Reproducible When Lower-Body Support is Provided by Positive Air Pressure from Pubget.
Resources on Body Supported Treadmill Training can be Precise and Reproducible When Lower-Body Support is Provided by Positive Air Pressure and related topics in OrthopaedicsOne spaces.
. Body Supported Treadmill Training can be Precise and Reproducible When Lower-Body Support is Provided by Positive Air Pressure. OrthopaedicsOne Articles. In: OrthopaedicsOne - The Orthopaedic Knowledge Network. Created Apr 14, 2011 11:59. Last modified Apr 14, 2011 22:16 ver.5. Retrieved 2019-04-22, from https://www.orthopaedicsone.com/x/OYGFAw.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.844143
Retrieved Text: There are numerous possibilities to conserve energy used in association with compressed air, in part by getting rid of leaks, but primarily through more efficient use of the compressed air.
At least as important as saving money is investiog in energy saving measures that provide increased comfort and quality of life. More and more prople have understood the commection between job satisfaction and human performance. A good example is using properly dimensioned air nozzles when cleaning with compressed air. In addition to reducing energy costs, you also get cosiderably lower noise levels.
Clearly the cost of energy is a key factor when dimensioning a compressed air installation. Therefore it is important to find a solution that not only meets the requirements for performance and quality, but requirements for efficient use of energy as well. the additional cost that may arise when purchasing equipment that fulfills both criteria may well be a good investment in the long run.
When compressed air is used for cleaning, sorting, or drying, most people rely on the use of an open pipe. As a rule, not much thought has beengiven to the dimensioning of the pipe - rather a "Suitable pipe" is used. People normally choose a pipe that is big enough to guarantee that the blowing operation is adequately performed. In the vast majority of cases this has resulted in an over-dimensioning of the blowing force.
Nozzles patented air guns and safety nozzles allow more efficient utilization of the compressed air. This permits you to lower the pressure at your workstations and still perform

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.680511
Retrieved Text: The lower extremities are very susceptible to the occurrence of pressure ulcers, with the heel being the second most common site on the entire body. The Foot WAFFLE Custom surrounds the lower limb in air and is designed to float the heel while sustaining the integrity of the foot, ankle, calf and Achilles area. The air-filled straps and foot pad offer pressure ulcer prevention, treatment and patient comfort.
Recommended for prevention and treatment of Stages I-IV pressure ulcers and deep tissue injury.
It can be used conveniently at home and on O.R. tables, stretchers, ICU beds, wheelchairs and general ward beds.
The lower extremities are very susceptible to the occurrence of pressure ulcers, with the heel being the second most common site on the entire body. The Foot WAFFLE® Custom surrounds the lower limb in air and is designed to float the heel while sustaining the integrity of the foot, ankle, calf and Achilles area. The air-filled straps and foot pad offer pressure ulcer prevention, treatment and patient comfort. It can be used conveniently at home and on O.R. tables, stretchers, ICU beds, wheelchairs and general ward beds. Recommended for prevention and treatment of Stages I-IV Pressure Ulcers and Deep Tissue Injury. Not a walking boot. Ships pre-inflated.
Foot WAFFLE® Custom - EHOB, Inc.
Click the button below to add the Ehob Foot Waffle Custom Heel Cradle with Lining to your wish list.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.55057
Retrieved Text: Lay a row of naked straws parallel to each other on a smooth tabletop. Place two empty soda cans on the straws about an inch apart. Lower your nose to the cans and blow hard through the space between the two cans and *clink* they should roll toward each other and touch!
Why does this happen? When air moves, the pressure decreases. This creates a lower (relative to the surrounding air) air pressure pocket right between the cans. Recall that higher pressure pushes, and thus the cans clink together. Just remember – whenever there’s a difference in pressure, the higher pressure pushes.
What kinds of questions can you ask about this project? For example: What types of cans work and don’t work? How much air pressure you you really need – would a hair dryer be a better choice?
Thanks for posting such wonderful ideas to get kids excited about science!! This one is such a great experiment demonstrating Bernoulli’s principle! I used windbags in my classroom to teach this same concept on the movement of air!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.51437
Retrieved Text: Our Earth is surrounded by a thin blanket of breathable gas. We call this our atmosphere. Without it, there would (probably) be no life. Amongst many things, our atmosphere contains the oxygen we breathe, the gases we exhale (that the plants and trees then use), and water vapour that creates our precipitation. It protects our planet from cosmic rays and all but the largest of meteors.
The atmosphere keeps our planet warm, and buffers us from becoming too hot or too cold. It produces winds and weather to circulate and mix everything around.
Whilst it’s easy to think of air as ‘weightless’, this is not true. The air we breathe has very measurable mass*, and it’s this mass, and gravity, that keeps it attached to our planet!
It might surprise you to learn that air, actually, is quite a lot heavier than you think. On the surface of the Earth, at sea level, you are standing at the bottom of an entire ocean of air. The force of all the air above your head pushing down creates pressure.
*The total mass of air in the atmosphere is approximately 5 quadrillion metric tons! That’s about one millionth of the mass of the rest of the planet.
Pressure is the measure of Force per unit area. The average atmospheric pressure at sea level is 101,325 N/m2.
(One Newton per Metre Squared is given the unit One Pascal, after the French physicist Blaise Pascal).
For my non-metric readers, this is approximately 14.7 pounds over every square inch (PSI).
If you have a table, at sea level, which

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.412807
Retrieved Text: Visitors frequently ask if the cave will ever run out of oxygen or if noxious gases like methane or carbon dioxide can build to the point of toxicity. In Crystal Cave the answer is NO! Most caves are very well ventilated and Crystal Cave is no exception. The cave is ventilated by exchanging air with the outside. This process is accomplished through the changing barometric pressure. Outside the cave, air is warmed during the day. As it warms it becomes less dense and the barometric pressure falls. When the outside pressure falls, the air flows out of the cave. At night the air is cooled, becoming more dense causing the pressure to rise. Air will be drawn into the cave during the night. Other pressure changes are related to the weather like those changes which accompany the passage of a storm front. These pressure changes are superimposed upon the daily fluctuation. The cave pressure adjusts to conform to the resultant effect of both.
Temperature will also affect air movement. If the cave air is colder (more dense) than the outside, as in summer, the air will flow out of the cave through the lower Tree Fork Entrance into the gully, pulling warmer air in through the upper Service Entrance. If the cave air is warmer (less dense) than the outside air as in winter, air flow will be upward and out the upper Service Entrance and colder air will be pulled in through the lower Tree Fork Entrance. This type of air flow is similar to the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.362507
Retrieved Text: The more appropriate term for correlating aerodynamic performance in the nonstandard atmosphere is density altitude—the altitude in the standard atmosphere corresponding to a particular value of air density.
Density altitude is pressure altitude corrected for nonstandard temperature. As the density of the air increases (lower density altitude), aircraft performance increases. Conversely, as air density decreases (higher density altitude), aircraft performance decreases. A decrease in air density means a high density altitude; an increase in air density means a lower density altitude. Density altitude is used in calculating aircraft performance. Under standard atmospheric condition, air at each level in the atmosphere has a specific density; under standard conditions, pressure altitude and density altitude identify the same level. Density altitude, then, is the vertical distance above sea level in the standard atmosphere at which a given density is to be found.
Density altitude is computed using pressure altitude and temperature. Since aircraft performance data at any level is based upon air density under standard day conditions, such performance data apply to air density levels that may not be identical to altimeter indications. Under conditions higher or lower than standard, these levels cannot be determined directly from the altimeter.
Density altitude is determined by first finding pressure altitude and then correcting this altitude for nonstandard temperature variations. Since density varies directly with pressure, and inversely with temperature, a given pressure altitude may exist for a wide range of temperature by allowing the density to vary. However, a known density occurs for any one temperature and pressure altitude. The density of the air,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.291286
Retrieved Text: Well. I wish your fireplaces were Rumfords too. However, your problem probably has nothing to do with the fireplace design, but instead with negative indoor air pressure.
If the fireplace draws when there is a good brisk fire in it then there is probably nothing wrong with the fireplace. If it doesn't draw well with a good fire, then look for a blocked flue, partially closed damper, restricting chimney cap or poor design like badly formed throat or too small a flue size.
Assuming the fireplace works OK with a good fire but is temperamental to start, or smokes after the fire dies down, then the problem is usually negative indoor air pressure. The negative pressure, and resultant downdrafts, would also cause the creosote/ash smell when the fireplaces are not in use.
The warm air in the house tends to rise and find a way out somewhere high in the house. In other words the whole house acts like a chimney. In every house there is a neutral pressure level about half way between the ground floor and the roof. Everything above that level is positively pressurized and air will leak out of any open windows or holes, while below the neutral pressure level the house is negatively pressurized and air will leak into the house through any openings. In old leaky houses the negative pressure rarely exceeds about eight pascals, which is about the difference in pressure in ten feet of altitude - not much. Furnaces and fireplaces usually do all right pulling against a negative pressure of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.251038
Retrieved Text: Like the compressor in an electric vapor compression cycle, the absorption system uses its “thermal” compressor (consisting of the generator, absorber, pump and heat exchanger) to boil water vapor (refrigerant) out of a lithium bromide/water solution and compress the refrigerant vapor to a higher pressure. Increasing the refrigerant pressure also increases its condensing temperature. The refrigerant vapor condenses to a liquid at this higher pressure and temperature. Because this condensing temperature is hotter than the ambient temperature, heat moves from the condenser to the ambient air and is rejected. The high-pressure liquid then passes through a throttling valve that reduces its pressure. Reducing its pressure also reduces its boiling point temperature. The low-pressure liquid then passes into the evaporator and is boiled at this lower temperature and pressure. Because the boiling temperature is now lower than the temperature of the conditioned air, heat moves from the conditioned air stream into the evaporator and causes this liquid to boil. Removing heat from the air in this manner causes the air to be cooled.
The refrigerant vapor then passes into the absorber where it returns to a liquid state as it is pulled into the lithium bromide solution (the absorption process). The diluted lithium bromide solution is pumped back to the generator. Because lithium bromide (the absorbent) does not boil, water (the refrigerant) is easily separated by adding heat. The resultant water vapor passes into the condenser, the absorbent solution returns to the absorber, and the process repeats.
Although the process is similar to conventional electric vapor compression systems, absorption

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.123106
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this report is to convey the results of the compressed air flow study performed in the production area of MD2 on the second floor at Alcom’s Reynosa Mexico facility from Monday August 25th through Wednesday August 27th of 2014.
The production area is using an average flow of 445 SCFM with an average annual cost of $82,000. Changing the venturi type vacuums for electrically operated vacuums can dramatically reduce this flow and cost to operate the compressed air system.
The compressed air flow meter used for this study is a one-inch inline flow meter (VPFlowScope® In-line) designed for portable point of use compressed air flow, temperature, and pressure measurements. The meter was installed between the supply compressed air lines and the lines feeding air to the production cells. Flow and pressure were recorded once every 5 seconds and temperature was recorded one time every 10 seconds.
The minimum pressure found during the study was 64.4 PSIG. This pressure occurred on one of the SVH production lines and did not interrupt production. This would infer that the minimum pressure for this line is less than 64.4 PSIG. There is potential for energy savings through reduction in artificial demand by lowering the pressure in the main loop for the second floor. This energy reduction is hard to quantify without further testing.
The main user of compressed air is the venturi vacuum systems. It can be seen from the graphs of TK8, M- Sport, and SVS that when the vacuums are activated they use approximately 15 SCFM. Some of the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.11915
Retrieved Text: Suitable for the prevention and treatment of pressure ulcers within all care environments, the QUATTRO® PLUS is clinically proven to provide pressure relief, lower average interface pressures and enhanced comfort. The replacement system features Active QUATTRO® THERAPY, and Continuous Low Pressure therapy modes with AUTOsupportTM fully automatic pressure adjustment. QUATTRO® THERAPY - clinically proven pressure relief, lower interface pressures and enhanced comfort During the 1-in-4 Active cell cycle the patient is supported on at least 75% of the mattress surface at all times whilst the pressure on 25% of the body is relieved. This provides a higher level of comfort and lower average support AUTOsupportTM - fully automatic pressure adjustment AUTOsupportTM feature automatically adjusts pressure within each of the cells throughout the cycle so that support, posture and therapy are constantly maintained at optimum levels, in response to patient weight, movement and position. Equalisation of cell pressure automatically takes place at each stage of the cycle, again to ensure precise pressure and therapy is applied. pressures compared to 2 or 3 cell cycle systems, together with increased patient compliance. ODSTM cell design for optimum patient support and security Air cells feature ortho- Continuous Low Pressure Therapy - optimum pressure distribution When in Continuous Low Pressure therapy mode pressure is equalised differential support (ODSTM) which provides optimum internal cell pressures for varying body weights and shapes, automatically compensating for the patient’s BMI. Narrower in the centre than at the outer edge, air cells feature in-built within the cells, allowing greater immersion into the support pressure differential, supporting

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.104912
Retrieved Text: weather is the state of the atmosphere. Most weather occurs in the troposphere, or the lowest layer of the atmosphere. Weather is made up of multiple parameters, including air temperature, atmospheric (barometric) pressure, humidity, precipitation, solar radiation and wind. Each of these factors can be measured to define typical weather patterns and to determine the quality of local atmospheric conditions.
The environmental conditions produced by different weather parameters have an impact on the quality of the surrounding ecosystem. Weather elements form a chain reaction, as the impacts do not remain solely in the atmosphere. Temperature, pressure and humidity (moisture) can interact to form clouds. These clouds, in turn can reduce solar radiation for plants, or increase precipitation, which can runoff into a body of water. Consistently high temperatures can increase the heat transfer to local bodies of water in addition to heating the air. Likewise, a lack of precipitation affects not only weather conditions, but soil moisture and water levels due to evaporation. Wind speed and direction can be indicative of a front moving into the area, or it can create waves and encourage a stratified water column to mix.
Solar radiation is expressed in units of watts per meter squared (W / m2). Solar radiation is radiant energy from the fusion process or the incorporation of hydrogen nuclei in the sun into a hydrogen atom. This fusion process produces energy in the form of long-wave emission forwarded to the Earth’s atmosphere to the surface. This process is what causes the solar thermal energy can be felt in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.021353
Retrieved Text: represents the property causing the displacement. This is invariably based on the flapper-nozzle, whose arrangement, characteristic and application are illustrated in Figure 7.3.
An air supply (typically, 2–4 bar) is applied to a very fine nozzle via a re- striction, as shown in Figure 7.3a. The signal output side of the nozzle feeds to a closed (non-venting) load, such as an indicator. Air escapes as a fine jet from the nozzle, so the pressure at A is lower than the supply pressure because of the pressure drop across the restriction.
Air loss from the jet (and hence pressure at A) is influenced by the gap between the nozzle and movable flapper; the smaller the gap, the lower the air flow and higher the pressure. A typical response is shown in Figure 7.3b, illustrating the very small range of displacement and the overall non-linear response. The response can, however, be considered linear over a limited range (as shown) and the flapper- nozzle is generally linearized by use of a force balance system as described later.
Figure 7.3c shows a very simple differential pressure transducer which may be used as a flow transmitter by measuring the pressure drops across an orifice plate. The difference in pressure between P1 and P2 causes a force on the flapper.
Assuming P1 > P2 (which is true for the direction of flow shown), the top of the flapper is pushed to the right until the force from (P1  P2) is matched by the force from the spring extension. Flapper-nozzle gap, and hence the output pressure,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.99574
Retrieved Text: CPAP vs BiPAP Machine: Which Is Best?
If you’ve been diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), which sleep apnea machine is best for your particular needs—CPAP or BiPAP?
For most people, the answer is CPAP. CPAP therapy is the first-line therapy of choice for most cases of mild to severe sleep apnea, snoring, and upper airway resistance syndrome. Most people with apnea and sleep-disordered breathing respond well to CPAP, as long as they give themselves time to get used to the therapy.
However, there are special cases where a BiPAP Machine may be a better choice.
You may not have heard much about BiPAP. Some people casually lump it under the broader category of “CPAP machine” because the devices are similar and have the same end goal of treating apnea. However, there is a difference between these two forms of sleep apnea therapy.
Both CPAP and BiPAP treat sleep apnea by delivering pressurized air to keep your airway from collapsing when you sleep. However, the two apnea machines have different settings and slightly different functions. CPAP and BiPAP essentially do the same job, but they aren’t interchangeable devices; which one is best for you depends on a few factors.
A CPAP machine provides “continuous positive airway pressure”—a steady, gentle flow of pressurized air, at an air pressure level prescribed by your doctor. This pressurized air, delivered via tubing and a mask, keeps your airway open while you sleep.
CPAP therapy is prescribed after a sleep study (polysomnogram) to confirm the presence of obstructive sleep apnea and its severity. Often, a follow-up CPAP titration

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.980139
Retrieved Text: It is common practice to compress the air up to 8 bar(g) or more, even when the required pressure is much lower, for instance 3,5 bar(g) which is less than half of the initial pressure. In such frequent cases, a considerable amount of energy gets lost. In order to optimize the efficiency, the low pressure compressed air could be generated separately using dedicated low pressure compressors. Indeed, it is more efficient to compress the air at the exact required pressure while pressure reducers are appropriate only for little pressure differences or fractions of one bar. Pneumofore promotes the idea of low pressure loop in compressed air systems for the consistent savings achievable with this solution. The cost for the additional low pressure pipeline is normally paid off within few months. It is part of the Pneumofore offer to calculate the dimensions of the compressed air system at no cost for the customer, in order to guarantee electrical power savings in the long term. Operating from 2,5 to 10 bar(g) with a power range from 10 to 630 kW, the A Series air compressors represent a stable and economical solution for low pressure supply.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.863914
Retrieved Text: How does partial pressure of oxygen change with altitude?
Pressure decreases as altitude increases.
This is true for any gas in equilibrium and not just limited to oxygen. Air at a lower altitude is compressed more due to the weight of a longer column of air above it. Therefore, the pressure will be higher.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.807592
Retrieved Text: Higher air pressure gives lower sea levels: an increase in air pressure of 1 hPa lowers the water level by 1 cm.
Sea level varies from day to day and week to week, depending on the weather situation. Air pressure has a direct influence on the sea level.
High air pressure exerts a force on the surroundings and results in water movement. So high air pressure over a sea area corresponds to low sea level and conversely low air pressure (a depression) results in higher sea levels. This is called the inverse barometer effect.
The average sea level during a year is 0 cmPGA and the average air pressure is 1013 hPa. Since the air pressure normally varies between 950 and 1050 hPa during a year, the expected variation in sea level due to air pressure is between +63 cm and -37 cm around mean sea level.
Water levels at a particular location are not only affected by the local air pressure but also by other factors, so this simple correlation is rarely observed.
Sea levels in north-western Europe are often high during autumn and winter when there are frequent depressions and strong westerly winds, but low during the spring and summer when high pressure and gentle winds dominate.
The sea surface on the Baltic can slope significantly both from north to south and from west to east. Deep low pressure passages over the Bothnian Bay, combined with high pressure over the southern Baltic can create sea level differences of up to 2 m.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.753574
Retrieved Text: What exactly is the pneumatic feature? This air boot feature allows the individuals to pump air into the boot, compressing the injury. This addition controls swelling, helps reduce pain and improves healing time. The air cast boot helps to contour around the leg ultimately reducing the movement within the your walker air boot or air ankle stirrup.
Injury not listed above? Look at other common foot problems to help decipher if the air boot feature would benefit your injury.
How Much Inflation is too Much Inflation in Your Air Boot?
Since the aircast feature isn’t automatic, it allows you to inflate their air walker to the desired amount of pressure needed for comfort of the injury. It’s important to be knowledgeable about when too much inflation in your boot could cause harm to your injury. If you over-inflate the air cells in the boot, it could possibly cause skin irritation to the area. An example of this skin irritation is a pressure sore, which is a result of prolonged pressure on a specific spot on the body. When wearing an air boot cast for a long period of time, make sure you are getting checked regularly by their physician to ensure that there isn’t skin irritation or the beginning stages of pressure sores.
When you are wearing an air cam walker, make sure to stay conscious of discomfort occurring to your foot. Discomfort usually coincides with the healing process but over inflation can cause additional pain. If you are feeling extra tenderness in the area, deflate the air pressure to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.716288
Retrieved Text: Atmospheric pressure is the force exerted by air molecules as they bump into each other and surrounding surfaces, which translates to the weight of the atmosphere over a particular location. The measure of this weight, taken using a device called a barometer, is referred to as barometric pressure. It is an active, ever-changing phenomenon that varies with the time of day, altitude, latitude and weather conditions.
High barometric pressure is associated with calm weather, whereas low pressure usually brings stormy weather. As air cools, the molecules pack together, making it denser and thus increasing the pressure. This dense air presses down on the air beneath it, causing that air to grow warmer. Conversely, as air heats, its molecules move apart, making it less dense. This low-pressure air rises to create fast-moving, volatile, warm air fronts which are pushed higher into the atmosphere by denser, cooler air columns underneath them. As Earth rotates, these different pressure systems move in a characteristic pattern called the Coriolis Force, which produces the atmospheric jet streams that bring different weather patterns to different regions of the planet.
Barometric pressure is subject to a daily cycle based on heating by the sun, followed by cooling. Pressure usually peaks around 10:00 am and 10:00 pm, and reaches its nadir around 4:00 am and 4:00 pm. Extremes in daily pressure highs and lows are greatest near the equator, and lower towards the poles.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.676825
Retrieved Text: What is a barometer, how does it work, and why is it useful in predicting the weather?
A barometer measures air pressure by examining the forces that air exerts on surfaces. The higher the air pressure, the more force air will exert on a certain surface. Most barometers compare the present air pressure with a known pressure by putting those two pressures on opposite sides of a flexible surface. The higher the air pressure, the more that surface will bend away from it. You can make a simple barometer by inserting a drinking straw in narrow-mouthed jar that’s half full of water and by sealing the neck of the jar around the straw (with a rubber stopper, wax, or glue). Make sure that the end of the straw is immersed in the water and that the water level in the straw is above the top of the jar. As the outside air pressure decreases, the trapped air inside the jar will push the water farther up the straw. As the air pressure increases, it will push the water farther down the straw. Try to keep your barometer’s temperature constant, because temperature will also affect its water level. You can use your barometer to predict the weather (somewhat) because storms tend to be accompanied by lower air pressures.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.65216
Retrieved Text: Our top-of-the-line AG Superplus filter housings are equipped with all of the features required to make this the most efficient and cost-effective filter for your compressed air system.
Donaldson AG Compressed Air filter housings are designed with all of the features required to make these the most efficient and cost effective filters for your compressed air system. Featuring a three-part aluminum design allows for easy disassembly and element change-out. Low pressure drop is achieved through optimal flow-path design. The tapered bowl and non-turbulent lower filter zone assure that no condensate gets re-entrained in the air stream. AG filter housings are equipped with our programmable Economizer differential pressure gauge, which notifies maintenance personnel of the optimal point at which to change the filter element. For coalescing pre-filters, AG filter housings with optional Ultramat zero air loss drain valve which assures that no compressed air is lost when liquid condensate is drained. All AG housings and elements are available in silicon-free configurations.
Our top-of-the-line AG Superplus filter housings are equipped with all of the features required to make this the most efficient and cost-effective filter for your compressed air system. Its three-part aluminum housing design allows for easy disassembly and element changeout. Low pressure drop is achieved through optimal flow-path design. The tapered bowl and non-turbulent lower filter zone assure that no condensate gets re-entrained in the airstream. Our programmable Economizer differential pressure gauge notifies maintenance personnel of the optimal point at which to change the filter element. For coalescing prefilters, the Ultramat zero air-loss drain valve assures that no

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.646545
Retrieved Text: What Is The Pressure Regulator For?
You are here: Home / What Is The Pressure Regulator For?
Whether you know it as the pressure adjustment valve, or as I and many others call it, the pressure regulator, why is there one on a compressor and what is the pressure regulator for?
You’ll spot the regulator. It is normally in the line on the air compressor through which tank air to flow from the compressor tank to the coupler into which connector on the air line is inserted. Once inserted into the coupler, the connector opens the coupler internal check, and air can flow into the air line.
The pressure regulator will look similar to the one shown on this page, though, on many smaller air compressors, the only part of the regulator that might be seen is the adjustment knob.
When the compressor runs to fill the tank, once the tank is full, the compressor shuts off. Depending on the make of air compressor, the air in the tank might be at 125 PSI, maybe 150 PSI or even, on some compressors, 200 PSI.
There are very few air-using tools that require air at those pressures to work properly. In fact, by supplying too high an air pressure to the air tool, not only will it waste air, but it could also lead to early maintenance issues with the air tool.
The device that is used to REDUCE the tank pressure level to a pressure that is more suitable for the use is the pressure regulator.
The compressor pressure regulator allows the user to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.631271
Retrieved Text: This lesson provides an overview of the respiratory system. In particular it focuses on the physical aspects of breathing, and the importance of gas exchange for respiration and life.
We need oxygen to live. When we breathe in, oxygen travels in the air through the trachea and bronchi, into the bronchioles and finally reaches numerous sac-like structures called alveoli. The thin surfaces of the alveoli are in contact with blood vessels calledcapillaries. At the alveoli, oxygen enters the blood to be carried to cells in the body. Waste carbon dioxide in the blood is excretedat the alveoli and expelled in the air we breathe out.
What is the Irish connection with breathing?
Robert Boyle (1627 – 1691), the Irish chemist showed that a change in the volume of a fixed mass of gas causes a change in pressure. If the gas volume increases the pressure decreases and vice versa.
When the air in the lungs expands, its pressure decreases to less than atmospheric pressure. But its pressure rises above atmospheric pressure when it is compressed.
Air moves from higher to lower pressure until the air pressures are equal. Therefore by creating a pressure difference, air can be moved into and out of the lungs.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.595198
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the refrigeration cycle forms of carbon dioxide?
Generally speaking, there are three types of carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle, namely supercritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle, transcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle and subcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle.
Supercritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle: That is to say, all the circulation state is above the critical point. In the process of circulation, carbon dioxide can not become liquid, and is always in the form of gas. This method is generally used in the nuclear electric power generation, not used in the field of refrigeration and air conditioning.
Transcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle: That is, the suction pressure is lower than the critical pressure, the evaporation temperature is lower than the critical temperature, but the exhaust pressure is higher than the critical pressure. The heat absorption process in this cycle is carried out under subcritical conditions, and the heat transfer is mainly realized by latent heat. This form of refrigeration cycle is currently the most used and most active.
Subcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle: That is, the suction pressure and exhaust pressure are both lower than the critical pressure, and the evaporation temperature is lower than the critical temperature, so the heat absorption and heat release process in this cycle are carried out under subcritical conditions. This form of refrigeration cycle is mainly used in the overlapping refrigeration cycle.
2. What are the main areas carbon dioxide refrigerants are used in?
There are three main areas, including heat pump water heater, vehicle air conditioning and refrigeration system.
Carbon dioxide heat pump water heaters generally have

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.566185
Retrieved Text: LS-400 1.3 (ETS nozzle) ENTECH - 1pc. WS-400 1.4 (HD nozzle) EVO with "CLEAR" engraving on the body - 1pc. Pressure gauge / air regulator IWATA "impact controller-2" - 2pc. "Male" joint for air hose connection - 2pc. Cleaning atomizer "HCA" IWATA - 1pc. ETS SUPERNOVA series - PREMIUM QUALITY SPRAY GUN. HVLP Technology (High Volume Low Pressure) - extra savings with maximum transfer efficiency and minimum product consumption.
This is the latest generation of LS-400 spray guns named - ENTECH. ETS - latest modification of split nozzle for application in.
Pray gun perfectly suitable for. Also its possible to use this spray gun for clear coats if necessary! Recommended working pressure (air pressure) at spray gun inlet - 26 PSI, but spray gun can operate at 21-22 PSI and you will get the same finest material atomization, lower air consumption. Less overspray and better material saving! WS-400-EVO SUPERNOVA series - PREMIUM QUALITY SPRAY GUN. RP Technology (Reduced Pressure) - optimized high pressure technology for VOC-complying transfer rates. This is the latest generation of WS-400 spray guns named - EVO. Recommended working pressure (air pressure) at spray gun inlet - 29 PSI, but spray gun can operate at 23-26 PSI and you will get the same finest material atomization, lower air consumption. Less overspray and better material savin. Better material atomization with low inlet air pressure - very fine droplets - low air consumption - soft fan pattern and high comfort of application - decreased fogging, less material overspray - high coefficient of. Material transfer - about 80%

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.556488
Retrieved Text: These science projects for kids provide a fun way to learn about the world around us. Kids find out how things work by trying these easy science projects. You can use them for a school assignment, or just something interesting to do on a Saturday afternoon. Enjoy!
-Tightly wrap the duct tape or electrical tape around the two bottle openings and washer.
-Once the bottles are secured to each other, slowly tip the bottles back a forth a few times to check for leaks.
-When you are ready to make your tornado, quickly flip the water-filled bottle up to the top so the water rushes down into the empty bottle. As the water comes down, it will form a funnel, resembling a tornado. The food coloring and glitter will help this become more visible. You could also imagine the glitter is the debris that flies around when a tornado passes over the ground.
-Cut a hole about the size of a nickel or quarter in the cardboard or index card (depending on how big you want the lens).
-Tape the edges of the plastic to the cardboard so the plastic is centered over the hole.
-Dip the spoon in some water, and carefully place one drop on the center of the plastic.
-When you use your magnifying glass, be sure to keep it flat so the water doesn’t run off.
-Now, you can take a closer look at feathers, newsprint, fingernails, or any other small object.
Bernoulli’s principle states that with something fluid (liquid or gas), high velocity creates a lower pressure and low velocity

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.524899
Retrieved Text: What you need: Clear plastic cup 2-liter plastic soda bottle Water Food coloring Marker; What to do: This tool will work best if you put it together on a rainy day (when air pressure is lower).
You can create a beautiful princess crown from a 2 liter bottle with just a bit of cutting and some glitter. You may want to print off a template or draw one so that you know where and how to cut. Then just decorate your crowns however you want.
As a low pressure area moves in the air pressure out side the sealed quart fruit jar is less than the air pressure inside the jar. Thus the higher pressure inside the jar pushes down the liquid in the tube until the presure in the quart jar becomes equal to the atmosphric pressure outside the fruit jar.

================



======= Instance Index 1859 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are less waste or more waste ):

Increased resource use generally means more waste; electronic waste from developed nations is a growing problem in the developing world.


If people use a lot of energy they create less waste or more waste?

Target Text: more waste

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.260101
Retrieved Text: In our practice energy is one of, if not the main fundamental construct that allows us to manifest our desires through our intent. Our consciousness, and state of being allows us to mold, and impact the energy around us allowing us to create, and give birth to new entities, consciousnesses, and constructs. This post serves as a list of different forms of creation based on intent, energy, and thought. It will start at the purest form, and work its way down to the more complicated constructs that can exist through the simple use of intent, and energy.
Programmed energy is energy that has had intent, or emotion placed into it, so that it can be used to carry out a goal, or bring that specific energy into a situation. These programmed constructs of energy usually do not have any cognitive function, and are just the pure essence of the intent, or emotion that was placed into them. All forms of energy have some form of programming in them except for pure source energy. Programmed energy takes on the traits, and purpose of the intent, or emotion, and is the most basic form of energy that shows some form of consciousness. There are many different various ways energy can be programmed, or take on some form of programming. These programs can even be rewritten, or transmuted by other energies, or consciousnesses.
A poltergeist is an entity that is created from non expressed high emotional feelings. These high emotional feelings usually manifest into a poltergeist by accident, and the person

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.927557
Retrieved Text: Building efficiency is a big waste of energy, people would fix their own if they knew how much. How can we make thermal scans/cameras more accessible such that people can scan for energy loss easily?
Electric cars pull a lot of load; how do we manage the charging of each electric car so that we don’t create a new energy peak?
What’s a better energy storage solution than Lithium-ion batteries?
A big reason why new nuclear plants have been expensive is that the laws changed while construction was already underway. Another (relatedly) is that they don’t follow a standard design. There may be an opportunity to greatly reduce construction cost and time by designing and implementing a standardized nuclear plant now that regulations are more settled.
How can we futureproof our infrastructure? E.g right now, we are dependent on gasoline for cars even though there may be other ways to cheaply deliver energy in vehicles. What infrastructure are we currently building, and how can we enable it to adapt to technologies we will want to use 100 years in the future?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.777555
Retrieved Text: Technology is a huge part of everyone’s day to day life. Technology has changed the way a lot of people lead their lives, and for many people, going even a day without technology would be very stressful. Even though technology may seem to make everyone’s lives better, there are some downfalls to being a technology dependent society.
Technology can use a lot of valuable energy in the process. This energy is a resource that is not easily renewed. Additionally, some technology use can create excessive waste that is difficult to dispose of. Here are some eco-friendly ways to use technology that can help everyone use less energy and create less waste.
The best way to use less energy, of course, is to turn off all of those things that are using energy throughout the day. Many people will leave there electronics plugged in or turned on throughout the day, but if they are not in use, everyone should shut it down and unplug it to save energy. This is a simple task that takes little to no extra time every day.
There are a lot of people who use their technology on and off throughout the day. For these people, turning off and unplugging may not be a practical option. Screen savers allow people to save energy while still keeping their electronics on throughout the day. Many local Direct TV services will provide screen savers for TVs and other electronics that may not be in full use throughout the day.
Solar panels may still seem like a futuristic gadget that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.502377
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for a fantastic team building idea or a secret to conducting a great team building event, the best piece of wisdom I have ever come across is the importance of creating and maintaining energy and enthusiasm during the team building activity. Often times, event planners or people who are organizing a convention or annual event will hire a professional team building expert to facilitate some type of team building activity, but if you have a smaller group of people, how can you get the same type of results without breaking your budget? The key is to create a team building activity that does three things. First, the activity has to insert energy into your meeting. Second, you have to facilitate in a way that everyone stays active and involved the entire time. And finally, the activity or event must create some type of emotional response from the participants.
The easiest way to insert energy into an event or meeting is to get the audience involved in some type of physical activity. The longer that participants are standing around (or worse, sitting down) doing nothing or listening to the facilitator speak, the more bored they will become and the less energy will be in the room. Many facilitators will try to use questions to the audience as a way to get them involved, but this can backfire pretty quickly (especially in a larger group). The reason why is that only one participant at a time will be able to respond, so most everyone else

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.464617
Retrieved Text: We are in a moment of dualities with this New Moon in Gemini. You will likely feel the extremes - either lots of joy, lightness and gratitude, or the difficulty, loneliness, isolation that come with this moon. There is always a void created with a New Moon - and the void can be both exciting because it is full of possibility, or it can feel quite lonely and maybe at times a little scary. Chances are if you have been doing the work with Saturn and Pluto's retrogrades you might be swinging more towards the lightness that this moon brings. If there is still stuff to work through this moon will create space for it to surface (especially in the evening hours).
Geminis can be very smart, using their air energy and intelligent brains to connect the dots. Use this energy and ask what your soul is trying to show you right now? See if you can make the links and create an opening for yourself to make different choices that allow for a breakthrough with that clarity.
Geminis rule the most flexible and mutable parts of the body: the arms and hands, the lungs, and nervous system. This allows them to move from one energy to the next with a lot of ease, and sometimes at the blink of an eye (this is why it sometimes feels like you are with two different people when you are with a Gemini - and if they aren't an evolved and aware Gemini then they will have no idea they

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.313515
Retrieved Text: In Canada we’re following closely what’s happening with Canada Post – will they strike or not? If so when?
So how are we taking care of our people during such uncertain, demanding and intense times?
How are these leaders doing? A lot of staff and partners are depending on them.
If volumes are up, that means staff need to process significantly higher volumes which is no doubt taxing systems and facilities. This is happening at a time of year when Canadian workers prefer to be at the cottage, with their kids, or kicking back than at work. And, it’s coinciding with the potentially hottest summer on record in parts of Canada.
So how are staff doing? A lot of consumers and companies are depending on them.
It’s times like this when we need to signal to our staff how important they are (hopefully we always are however now it’s more important than ever).
I’m not talking about taking huge amounts of time, but making it a priority in the time available.
I use the example of parcel delivery, but we know most sectors experience surges – healthcare, real estate, manufacturing, retail.
Bottom-line: keep recognizing people in the way we all like to be recognized– verbal thank-yous, personal specific words of praise, written thank-yous. Don’t forget to surprise people too. Create “exponential energy” by doing something unexpected (right culture guru Kim Shepherd?) People will give so much more energy and discretionary effort when they feel valued, which is exactly what companies desperately need as they respond to such surges.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.20966
Retrieved Text: Christmas Tree – Many people will buy an artificial tree, thinking that that is the environmentally responsible thing to do. However, buying a real tree is actually more eco-friendly than buying a fake one. This is because artificial trees are usually made using petroleum products and use up a lot of resources when it comes to their production and shipping. When buying a real tree, simply buy from a source that is eco-friendly. Many Christmas tree farms will replace every tree they cut down by planting another one. Not to mention that you can recycle the tree after Christmas.
Christmas Lights – Nothing wastes energy like having Christmas lights draped everywhere inside and outside of your home. There’s nothing wrong with decorating your home, since it is a special occasion. However, if you decide to use any Christmas lights, use LED lights instead. These end up using around 95 percent less energy than typical holiday light bulbs. You should also turn all your Christmas lights off when you go to bed, not just because you’ll be saving energy – but also because leaving them on is a safety hazard.
Shopping Bags – If you’ve got a large amount of shopping to do in order to pick up gifts for friends and family as well as ingredients for your Christmas dinner, then start bringing your own reusable bags to the store. This way you won’t be coming home with a huge number of plastic or paper bags.
Greeting Cards – Sending out Christmas cards to all of your family and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.003042
Retrieved Text: Been a lot of talk lately about the gas tax holiday. A lot of chatter from the candidates. A lot of commentary from economically minded journalists. The occasional outlying opinion (if anyone agrees with this guy or even understands what he's trying to say, please let me know). And there's also what I think is a really nice effort by the folks at Breakthrough Institute to turn the discussion in a more productive direction.
Lindsay Meisel, the most active contributor to the Breakthrough Blog, acknowledges the tragedy of the political pandering, but, instead of making it the focus of her article, she steers us toward a simple but powerful observation: emphasizing the gravity of global warming and asking people to make short term sacrifices for the long term good of the planet isn't working very well.
She drops some numbers. According to a poll (it's a .pdf; I'm sorry) put together by ABC News, Time Magazine, and Stanford University, 68% of people oppose "increasing taxes on gasoline so people either drive less or drive cars that use less gas."
Lindsay thinks we have a storytelling problem.
We need to stop framing public policy as a response to global warming apocalypse. Instead, we should start talking about how to create a new clean energy economy that also addresses voters' concerns about energy prices, jobs, and national security.
And she offers more numbers. Another poll, this one by CBS and the New York Times, asked the same question a little differently and got significantly different results.
Would you be willing to pay higher taxes

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.783554
Retrieved Text: The other night I was watching this very interesting music tutorial. The guy was talking about songwriting strategies. He started off by going over the basics song structure.
The intro, the verse, the chorus, the break, the verse, the outro. Then he started talking about how to choose a chord progression. It turns out that almost every popular song in Western music has almost the same chord progression.
It also turns out that you cannot copyright a chord progression which means you can take your favorite song, you can take a popular song, you can run it through some software, you can extract the chord progression. You can use the exact same port progression, and all you need to make different is the melody and the lyrics.
This makes it a lot easier. A long time ago I went to this seminar on how to create self development products. At the time, the most popular self-development product was these cassette tape packs. You’d buy these packs on like improved confidence or sales strategies or even some metaphysical ideas.
Each one of these cassette packs had six cassettes. Each cassette had two sides of 30 minutes each. What most people did was they would buy these cassette packs and they would listen to them to and from work for about a month and they would buy new one.
This was kind of a great way to use your time wisely. To listen to useful information while you’re driving to and from work. The company that produced most of these cassette packs was

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.75288
Retrieved Text: (We are providing a platform for Alaje here on our page, to accept supporting donations for his costs.
into a harmonious civilization where suffering does not exist, because love would be the highest value.
We think he deserves help in any way and we support him with this page.
Alaje is trying with his videos, lightwork journeys and meditation CDs to help everybody to achieve personal experiences with higher realms of light in order to get wisdom and knowledge and achieve a life of health, abundance, peace and love.
in tune with universal love. Universal love is a fundamental force (god), that is beyond any earthly belief system.
After your donation, you will receive a confirmation e-mail from Paypal.
Please make sure that your e-mail adress is working.
Please check if your e-mail provider is placing e-mails in your spam folder.
One of the most important life lessons is to learn to be free from limitations. We are the source of our own prosperity.
Abundance is a part of the Existence. If you reject this part, you are rejecting the Existence too.
The Existence does not tell you to be poor or limited. Only the church, the governments and the bankers want you to be poor, limited and controlable. If you are thankful for the service of others, you will attract abundance too. If you are happy for the success of others, you will attract abundance too.
If you are jealous or envy, because others are successful, you will block your own abundance flow, because with negative thinking you are telling the Existence that you don´t want

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.734455
Retrieved Text: Mass Bulking Supplements are best known to bodybuilders and to those who do intensive workouts since these will help in recovering their energy and gain calories that help on gaining muscles. For those people who want to gain muscles then can take these supplements to make it happen. Mass bulking supplements have protein, fat, and carbohydrates that help a person to gain muscles faster. These supplements have a lot of advantages when taken since it could help you become muscular.
One of the benefits that you could get from taking mass bulking supplements is that you will gain muscles faster than usual. These supplements are known to perform better in stimulating muscle protein synthesis which helps in gaining muscles since it has creatine that helps in increasing muscle hypertrophy with protein and carbohydrates.
A lot of people likes to do exercises that will wear them out easily but if you take the mass gainer then you can be sure to recover your energy and continue in doing the exercise. Usually, bodybuilders like to do intense exercises that is why they take these supplements especially if they are a participant in a contest or training for a competition.
You can also perform more exercises than what is necessary. When you take these supplements, you can exceed your energy limit which is totally important to people who wants to gain muscles. A study in 2007 in the Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research that protein and carbohydrates improve cycling performance. This is why supplements like this are beneficial to those people

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.622723
Retrieved Text: I worked with a psychic several years ago who had been answering questions about love from people for over 30 years. I asked if she ever got tired of answering the same questions over and over. She told me that she couldn’t think of a more honorable profession than helping people to understand about love in their lives. That has stuck with me!
What can psychics tell us about love? And how do they use the different tools to do that (e.g. horoscopes, numerology, tarot)?
A good psychic pulls information out of you that you can’t see because you’re trapped in your own energy and physical body. Every thought and emotion is energy. Psychics are very intuitive and gain insights by sensing what is in your energy. If we all were unconstrained by our own bodies, we would be our own intuitives.
Sometimes we can do the work to become more aware of our own energy and will start to have our own epiphanies. We can call those people “enlightened”. But for most of us, psychics are a way to tap into our own energy when we can’t.
Centuries of information exists about the affect of birth dates and times and the positions of the astronomical bodies on peoples lives. When you read your horoscope, you get a little snippet of a vast encyclopedia about you. When you have a professional astrologer create a chart for you, they will help you dive deeper into that information. They can help you to understand what phase of life you are in and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.606903
Retrieved Text: One of the biggest changes in holiday lighting over the last few years is the emergence of LED lights. LED lights look different from incandescent lights, and people have different opinions about their looks, but the differences are much deeper than they seem. Read on to learn about the differences.
Warm Light. Incandescent lights have that warm glow most people associate with the holidays. Humans are drawn to warm light, the light associated with fire and warmth, and most people tend to prefer incandescent light for this reason. It's a softer light, and it creates a more traditional holiday lighting display than the new, cooler LED lights.
Easy to Maintain. Incandescent holiday lighting technology has been around a long time, and manufacturers have figured out how to make them easy to maintain. Burned out light bulbs and other small maintenance jobs are easy to solve with incandescent lights.
Best for smaller jobs. Although they're lovely and easy to maintain, incandescent lights are best for smaller jobs that don't require a lot of extension cords or complicated design features. That said, it's possible to create an elaborate holiday display with incandescent lights; it just may take some additional creativity.
Cooler Light. You can still tell the difference at a glance between warm incandescent lights and cool LED lights. Many people dislike the cool light produced by LED bulbs. That's slowly changing, however, as manufacturers are learning to mimic the warmer incandescent glow in their LED lights. It's also possible to get a warmer appearance from LED lights by sticking with warmer

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.603188
Retrieved Text: You will accomplish an enormous amount today because you have boundless energy! Your choice is simple: You can transform your world in a positive, beneficial way, or you can be pushy and bullheaded in getting your way at all costs. The latter will not work.
Don’t be tempted to be underhanded or sneaky today. (Not really your style.) Ruthless activity will actually bring disaster. Do not play with dynamite. Keep your cards on the table and be honest and aboveboard.
Tread carefully when dealing with members of groups today (or possibly a friend) because you could end up in serious conflict with others. The more you struggle to get your way, the more likely you will increase opposition to you. You must look for a win/win solution. Be open!
Your ambition is fiercely aroused today, which is why you are intent on going after what you want. This might be doable, especially because your energy level is high and you will get a lot done. But if you create conflict with others, all will be lost.
Steer clear of touchy areas like discussions about politics, religion and race today because they could be disastrous. If you think you can make positive inroads to introduce your points of view — fine. However, this is unlikely. You cannot force others to agree with you.
Any loose ends regarding inheritances, taxes, debt and shared property could create problems. Now is the time when they might trip you up and create a defeat of some kind. Whatever happens, do not act ruthlessly or underhandedly. Take

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.596703
Retrieved Text: Get Energy v2.6.1 Responsive Multi Purpose WordPress Theme. Energy is professional and easy to use template with lots of options and configurations. This theme has been created for people who want to save their own time for create nice and great looking page. Energy includes advanced admin theme options, that allows you configure your site in very easy way. This package includes the awesome Revolution Slider Plugin (15$ Value), unlimited colors, premium icons, content builder, that help you to create posts and pages, a lot of Google fonts, a lot of customization options, many useful shortcodes, four page layouts & much more.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.577803
Retrieved Text: Long before you step onto stage, you should lay out your persuasive objectives and create a plan to achieve them. The posts in this category help you step through the process.
Reasoning precedes decision-making, doesn’t it?
It’s often said that the best missionary for a religion is someone who recently converted to that religion. Why is that? When people make a decision — especially a big decision — they go through a reasoning process to help them make the best decision. We often assume that this process happens before the decision is made. In reality, people continue to look for validating reasons even after the decision is made. They often put a lot of energy into convincing other people that they made the right choice — they proselytize their colleagues to support and reinforce their decision. You can use this energy in your persuasive communications. Watch the video.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.564774
Retrieved Text: Save Hundreds of Dollars in Utility Bills, Fuel and Ongoing Maintenance Costs With Solar Generators!
Download FREE eBook guide and learn everything about solar generators and solar energy!
Over the past 10 years or so, companies have been showing interest in solar energy. And it makes sense, too. The sun gives off enough energy in one day, everyone on the planet would have power for the entire year. Just imagine what that could mean for people who do not have power! Pretty amazing, right?
The problem is, people don’t really understand how solar power can help change our lives. With that said, is it possible that solar generators could eliminate the need for fuel generators all together? Eh, let’s have a look and compare the two to see how they stack up against one another.
Unlike fuel, solar energy is free and in ample supply. The sun comes up every day, so why not use the energy it provides us? When you install solar panels, they will be costly at first, but in the following years, they will harness much of the sun’s power that you won’t have to pay for electricity in the future.
Fuel generators are able to create electricity faster, this is true. However, they require more fuel to get started, which without fuel, they’re nothing more than a heap of metal. With a solar generator, it’s useful in any condition, although it may take a little bit longer than fuel. We also want to point out that fuel generators create a lot of pollution, which is something

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.535152
Retrieved Text: To give you a sense of scale, your electricity company measures energy in kilowatthours (kWh) and this chart is in terawatt-years (TWy). Energy use for the entire planet in 2015 was 18.5 TWy and growing! That's a lot of energy! But the solar energy available is 23,000 TWy per year - plenty to cover our demands and much more. On the other hand, notice the numbers listed for the finite sources are the total available, not per year. A little math shows just how close we are to exhausting those traditional resources.
So is solar energy renewable? Not only yes, but it’s the most renewable resource we have.
Even if we pretend all energy resources are otherwise created equal, it's easy to see why the Sun is such an attractive option. But most people don't know how all of these resource technologies work, let alone what they are. So let's talk about each of these energy resources to give you a better idea of why things are changing and what our future power supply could look like.
In short, there are two basic kinds of energy resources: finite and renewable. The names are pretty self-explanatory. Finite resources are materials found in the earth in limited quantities. Yes, limited. Meaning they will eventually be gone! Certain new technologies may extend our ability to use finite energy resources but they’re still going to run out eventually. These finite resources include petroleum, natural gas, coal and uranium - the traditional energy mainstays. Renewable resources, on the other hand, are continually generated and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.528536
Retrieved Text: Electricity is a utility that we take for granted. There are a lot of places around the world that don’t have good electrical infrastructures and the fact that we only lose power during natural disasters is actually pretty awesome. That said, electricity can also be expensive. Here are some easy hacks to help you save money on energy price comparison.
Your windows can be the bane of your existence. During the summer, the heat will come in almost unimpeded and in the winter, the cold will do the same thing. You can fix this! You can create your own plastic window covers or simply use blankets or other items in your house to cover them up. It won’t let as much sunlight in but it will help keep the heat and cold out. These can help save you money on your electricity bill and gas bill because your heating and cooling won’t have to work so hard to keep your house at a comfortable temperature. Another good idea is the draft stopper.
When you open your freezer, all the freezing cold air is going to come out. That means when you close it the freezer has to produce more and that can get expensive over time. A way to prevent this is to pack your freezer full of stuff. You can do things like bags of ice or even newspaper if you have it laying around. When your freezer is packed, it keeps the cold air in. That means your freezer works less and uses less electricity.
There really

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.47734
Retrieved Text: Solar panels provide us with green energy because they use natural elements of the earth, which is why there are many benefits. Plus, they are an energy source that’s renewable, so they will never stop producing energy which is great. If you’ve contemplated installing solar panels but you’re still undecided it would be a good idea to read on to find out more about this great source of energy.
The biggest benefit of using solar power is you won’t need to be reliant on the public electric grid because you’ll be producing your own energy. This means that you will be able to greatly reduce your electricity bills and even completely slash them in some cases. Also, you can actually earn money because in many areas the government will buy any surplus energy you create. Regardless of whether this is something that operates in your area, you will be able to make enormous savings by installing a solar panel system.
Solar panels will not only help you to reduce your costs, but it’s good for the environment. The majority of methods for producing energy these days are not good for the environment because they create a lot of pollution and waste. But when it comes to solar power there are no by-products or pollutants that will harm the environment. Some fuels, like oil, will eventually run out, however because solar power uses sunlight to create electricity it will never run out. The positive effects on the environment might not be visible right away but the more people use

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.436405
Retrieved Text: Many people are interested in greening their homes to conserve energy and save money. The good news is you don’t have go to extremes to make your home more energy-efficient. Sure, you can go all out and invest in brand new energy-efficient appliances, but small inexpensive changes can still offer up big results.
Swap light bulbs. “Lighting accounts for 5 to 10 percent of overall energy use in a typical home,” says Hickey, and switching from incandescent to compact fluorescents — those light bulbs that are often spiral-shaped — can make a big difference. “Replace bulbs in your five most frequently used fixtures, and you can save $65 or more each year.” If you gave compact fluorescent bulbs a shot years ago and just didn’t like the way they looked or how long they took to brighten up, give them another try. The technology has come a long way, says Hickey, and she encourages people to try them again as part of their overall effort to create a green home.
Get a programmable thermostat. These sophisticated thermostats can be set to automatically shut off the heat in the winter or the air conditioning in the summer, when your home reaches a certain temperature. This way, you’ll save a lot of energy while you’re at work or asleep, Hickey says. Also, making some minor temperature adjustments when you’re home, like turning up the thermostat a few degrees so air conditioning isn’t continually running, or dropping the target temperature a couple of notches once you’ve reached a comfortable temperature in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.421743
Retrieved Text: The price to install solar panels or wind turbines can be costly, but most states have incentives along with tax breaks for those people who would like to use renewable energy. Now why would they do this? Well, obviously as our population grows more and more with every passing year the demand for energy has begun to put more and more stress on our energy grid. The methods we use today to produce energy are not environment friendly or renewable. Most people neglect to think of what all that energy they are using does to our environment over the long term. However, many people now are beginning to install their own sources of energy that can fully power their homes, eliminating their entire need for energy from outside sources.
Many people choose to install a small wind turbine along with enough solar energy collectors to create energy when there is no wind. Batteries are included with most systems to store excess energy.
The first thing you need to ask yourself is if you want your home to be “on the grid” or “off the grid.” This means whether you be tied to the main energy grid that runs within your area or not. In most cases, you want to be on the grid so that if you do run into too many cloudy days you won’t be without electricity. The cost to totally setup an “off the grid” system can be much higher, so for the purpose of this comparison I will be comparing solar panels that are

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.33121
Retrieved Text: Maori Reiki is one of the many forms of the popular Reiki system of spiritual healing. Most of the prominent ones include Dragon Reiki, Gendai Reiki, Brahma Satya Reiki and the Shamanic Reiki.
If they are dealing with a multitude of emotional and physical stress, people can experience the unique Maori Reiki spiritual healing treatments. Substance abuse or drug addiction may also be alternatively treated using the Maori Reiki system.
Maori Reiki can help people get rid of these spiritual and physical toxins as well as the negative energy that they create. By releasing these toxins, only then can people begin to feel both physically and balanced and spiritually whole once again.
Gemstones, crystals and natural stones are also some of the natural objects that Maori Reiki masters use to heal the body and the spirit. The use of herbs and other natural remedies that also carry spiritual and healing properties is also employed to further aid the Maori Reiki master.
The main aim of Maori Reiki masters is to cleanse both the body and soul. The same thing happens if a person is carrying a lot of spiritual toxic waste.
The Maori Reiki form of spiritual healing may be similar in some ways with the other Reiki systems, it also has its own distinction over them. The Maori Reiki form of spiritual healing is based a lot on trying to cleanse the body of any physical and spiritual toxic waste. Healing of the body is achieved through getting rid of the physical and spiritual wastes accumulated through the many years.
Maori

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.323177
Retrieved Text: Many people know about the economic benefits of recycling. In these times, it’s always good to save some money. While it’s true that you will not save a lot of money by recycling used materials like aluminum cans or glass bottles, it’s great to cultivate a recycling culture in the home because the economic advantages of recycling are long-term. For instance, you can keep recycled cardboard boxes for occasions when you need to ship things to relatives and friends. For the society at large, recycling creates long term investment value at low upfront cost. To encourage people to recycle, the government and independent organizations have introduced various programs. Besides organizing your garbage and recycling glass, metals or paper, there are many ways to contribute to the cause. Let’s take a look at the different ways you can contribute to recycling.
Recycle Aluminum and Other Metals: The benefit in cost per can in terms of savings is so low that it’s quite insignificant. On another level, the savings in terms of energy required in making a new can from scratch as compared to making it from an existing can is tremendous. The cost of aluminum would be high if people did not recycle it. Metals like copper, iron, and steel can also be recycled. Scrap bits of metal can be brought to a scrap dealer who will pay cash for the metal. Automobile manufacturers get good money for scrap metal too.
Recycle Paper: The amount of energy reduced by reusing paper rather than manufacturing it from scratch is nearly

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.301764
Retrieved Text: Advancing solutions to the climate crisis rooted in racial, social and economic justice, and committed to protecting front-line communities and workers.
Protecting our right to clean air, water, land, healthy communities and a world at peace.
Immediately stopping attacks on immigrants, communities of color, indigenous and tribal people and lands and workers.
Ensuring public funds and investments create good paying jobs that provide a family-sustaining wage and benefits and preserve workers’ rights, including the right to unionize.
Funding investments in our communities, people and environment to transition to a new clean and renewable energy economy that works for all, not an economy that feeds the machinery of war.
Protecting our basic rights to a free press, protest and free speech.
Big cities, like Chicago and Washington D.C. aren’t the only ones participating. There are four sister marches in the state of Illinois alone!
Positive, peaceful demonstrations like the People’s Climate March are inspiring because they show us how many people are united behind the same goals. Just imagine–what if all the people who are taking to the streets were also making changes to their energy use at home? What a dent we could make in the country’s energy consumption! So even if you can’t make it out to the march this time, remember that there are a whole lot of things we can all do at home that put the eco-conscious values of the climate march into practice.
Tell us, are you at the People’s Climate March? Tweet us your thoughts at @smartpowerIL.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.30169
Retrieved Text: Our way of life depends on energy created from burning coal, oil and gas (fossil fuels). Most energy comes from burning coal in power stations. They create electricity to power industry, homes and schools. Petrol and oil power cars, trucks and planes. When we burn these fossil fuels we release Carbon that was buried in the ground for millions of years. It drifts around in our atmosphere for hundreds of years trapping heat. Oil is made into many products. There are more than 500,000 products made from oil. Our entire food production system from fertilizer to transport depends on oil.
What will future generations say when we tell them – ‘Err, really sorry, but we burnt all the oil’?
To reduce greenhouse gases we need to burn less fossil fuel.
When we burn coal, gas and oil (fossil fuels) greenhouse gases are released. This puts more energy into the air around us (our atmosphere) and is starting to affect our climate. When too many greenhouse gases are released this pollutes our atmosphere. Around 120 years ago the first scientist showed that carbon dioxide (a greenhouse gas) traps heat and warms our atmosphere. But it seems everyone is slow to reduce the greenhouse gas we create. Why is this?
What types of energy make less pollution?
Enough sunlight reaches our Earth every day to supply everybody’s energy needs for a year. We just need a lot more solar farms. We also need better ways to store energy overnight while the sun is not around. Wind farms are another way of producing low

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.296017
Retrieved Text: Avail exclusive 25% cashback as Zapable discount. Please follow the Zapable image below for the cashback discount.
This is an application that can help people to create mobile application. It means people will be able to create application by just using this tool. Creating application in mobile phone is important. It is the reason because mobile phone is one of those tools that has become popular over the time. People like to use mobile phone a lot because it is easy to carry. Now a days, people use mobile phone more than other gadgets. Therefore, if user can create application for mobile phone, he or she may able to earn a lot of money. That can be done by just using Zapable. Please have the App Builder software with discount and get Zapable coupon.
Zapable has been considered popular for many different features. People can design their own mobile application. Humen being will be able to use the facilities to make sure that they can customize the application they create for the mobile phone. Customer can choose the theme they want to ensure that people can design their application they want. It can be impactful advantage for those people who do business regularly. People who do business they can make sure that they can create their applications for their business. So that people can reach to the target customer more efficiently. Customer can track the website by following the mobile application. The software made easy to use so that people can create the application with ease. People like

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.267647
Retrieved Text: The connection between health and energy consumption is an area just beginning to be understood, but when some people are forced to choose between paying their energy bill and paying for food or medicine, it becomes critical. The Health Impact Project has just released a new health impact assessment (HIA) of a pilot program run by Illinois' largest electric utility, Commonwealth Edison. The HIA looked at the health effects of implementing "smart metering," which replaces existing mechanical meters with digital meters that record customer usage in 15-minute increments. The new meters are coupled with a new two-way communication system that allow a utility company to remotely connect and disconnect service, as well as get real-time, detailed customer usage. The purpose of this HIA was to evaluate the potential health impacts of smart metering for residential customers in the ComEd service territory in Illinois.
NewPublicHealth spoke about the new HIA with lead researcher, Megan Sandel, MD, MPH, who is the interim executive director of the National Center for Medical-Legal Partnership.
NewPublicHealth: Why is energy a health issue?
Megan Sandel: Understanding how energy and health are connected is a burgeoning field. We understand that the cost of energy can sometimes be particularly important because families may have to make tradeoffs, such as trading off between paying for their heat and necessarily eating enough. Or they’re trading off between paying for their heat or their electricity bill and being able to pay for medicine. And while some people may see the potential concern for some users over heating costs, they may not

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.22615
Retrieved Text: Blog>Is Coal a Renewable Resource?
Is coal a renewable resource? There’s some confusion on this point because as a naturally occurring resource, coal might appear to be inexhaustible.
The difference between renewable and non-renewable resources is that a renewable resource is replenished by the natural world within a realistic timeframe to be used again. A non-renewable resource won’t be replenished and will eventually run out.
Coal is a finite resource because the conditions that were in place to form coal are long gone. Even if the conditions were right, coal regeneration within our lifetimes could not happen because it would take millions of years for new coal reserves to solidify.
In this post, we’ll talk more about how exactly coal formed, the process of mining coal, and what happens when we burn coal. We’ll also look briefly at a few other non-renewable and renewable energy sources that are used today.
The coal we use today started as living plants millions of years ago. The plants soaked up light from the sun which they then used to create energy through photosynthesis.
These plants were located in areas with a lot of swampy lands with groundwater in or even on top of the soil. Over millions of years, the plants died and sank to the bottom of the bog as they decomposed.
Because the atmosphere of the earth was very different when the coal formed, the conditions to create new coal no longer exist on a large scale. Again, even if they did, we couldn’t reap the benefits for millions of years, which doesn’t fit

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.132774
Retrieved Text: How to Create Powerful Chi Energy?
Who doesn’t want to create powerful energy? Or if you think you already have that powerful energy, wouldn’t you want to create MORE powerful energy?
I bet no one will refuse that amazing chance!
Whenever we’re dealing with positive energy, it is always a must to be remembered that it has something to do with physical, mental and spiritual energy.
However there are concepts that are to be understood in order to really take your energy to the highest level.
A person who wants to develop a positive and powerful energy must believe that he or she can have the dynamic energy that can possible be achieved.
A common problem why some people fail to have that kind of energy or takes more time to have accomplished such energy is that they lack the belief in themselves – thus weakening their faith to learn and develop energy!
They can do it perfectly because they believe they haven’t been through life long enough to realize that not everything works which is fantastic.
The best time to start training for creating powerful energyis the earlier you can. However, one advantage of this training is that it can really works for anybody, whether a teen-ager, an adult or even a person in their fifties or sixties or more.
Younger people are easier to persuade and influence not because they are young, but because they are those who are actively searching for new things, new adventures, and self-improvement.
So, why do you need the belief factor? Since we are studying chi, which is an

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are hot or cold ):

Increasing air temperature decreases atmospheric pressure.


The air gets thinner when it is hot or cold?

Target Text: hot

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.312359
Retrieved Text: Boiled linseed oil is a penetrating oil that is used to preserve wood. It works by sinking into the pores of the wood where it hardens. It can then be polished or waxed to give the wood luster. To refinish wood that has been treated with boiled linseed oil, the old linseed oil finish must first be removed. Linseed oil breaks down easily with lacquer thinner. The remaining oil in the pores can then be sanded off by hand.
Pour enough lacquer thinner onto a cloth to saturate it. Wipe the thinner onto the surface of the linseed oil with the cloth until the wood has a wet sheen to it. If the cloth gets dry, add more thinner.
Rub hard with the cloth to loosen and break up the linseed oil. You will be able to see a lighter color on the wood when the oil begins to come off. Rub the wood with the cloth until the wood has a consistently lighter color to it. Let the wood dry for one hour.
Rub the wood with more thinner if the surface looks blotchy until you can see consistent, bare wood. Let the wood dry for one hour.
Sand the wood with 100-grit sandpaper attached to a hand block. Sand in short strokes parallel to the grain. Change the sandpaper every 15 minutes or when it gets a dirty buildup on it.
Sand the wood until the sandpaper produces a white powdery sawdust and the wood looks bare and natural.
Always wear breathing and eye protection when working with wood or

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.192577
Retrieved Text: When I look back at my forecast for the remnants of Flo, it was going well, through Monday afternoon, however the heavy showers and storms did not materialize as I thought they would have. There were some that developed in northern VA and moved NE, not N like I expected. This led to some heavy rains for portions of SE PA. Checking the reports some areas saw over 2" of rain. Also, another heavy band (no thunderstorms just rain) developed from north central PA to Albany NY. So the potential was there, but the system got strung out.
Strung out? Yes, strung out. Like stretching a rubber band, as it is stretched the rubber band gets thinner. Think of that as precipitation. As it was stretched, it became thinner and less concentrated. Not that I am complaining. I just like to have an accurate forecast. But after all the rain we've had, I guess only 1" (plus of minus a little) seems like very little.
This was probably our last real flash flood threat of the year as we begin to transition to a more autumn pattern. It will remain mild/warm through Fri, but then a cooler change occurs. After this weekend, do not expect to see 80 degrees too often. Maybe once or twice, but summer is over.
We should still stay moist/wet but the storms will give us heavy rain over the better part of a day, rather than a couple of hours. Over-all I am looking for a good cool down with refreshing air, and lower

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.050106
Retrieved Text: Hello fellow Nail polish lovers!
We all love our nail polish babies, take care of them, use them graciously and do our best to keep them stored for maximum life capacity. But what happens when the Nail polish gets gunky and too thick? Or when your favorite indie glitter polishes need 2-5 minutes of vigorous movement in order to remix glitters into pigment? Or how about those wonderful AIR bubbles that make a fresh manicure look like cheap china made flip flops?
WHAT DO YOU DO? WHAT CAN YOU DO?
There are some solutions to fix and maintain PROPER life and formulation of you nail polish. There are also some HUGE DONTS that you ought to be aware of.
1. DON'T EVER shake the nail polish Up and down. This creates air bubbles and makes your manicure look like those cheap china made flip flops at the dollar store...eek!! All the work of properly doing your nails so they can look like cheap china made products is, TOTALLY NOT WORTH shaking your nail polish up and down.
2. Do NOT, i repeat, DO NOT use acetone to THIN down your nail polish.So what if your grandma did it or your mom and it seemed to make the polish come back to life. Truth is, we as woman spend a good bit of hard earned MONEY, especially if you buy indie polishes or HIGH END brands, to be killing our nail polish with acetone.
Nail polish thinner is formulated first and foremost, to IMPROVE VISCOSITY of the nail polish and help it flow

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.818907
Retrieved Text: 1/07/2005 · Scrub the stain with paint thinner. Pour half a cup of paint thinner into a yogurt container. Saturate a clean rag in the container. Use the rag to scrub off the latex paint. When the rag gets dirty, you can squeeze out the excess liquid into a separate yogurt container. Continue scrubbing until all of the paint is gone. If the stain is very bad, you can pour the paint thinner directly onto... If it's going to come out , dry cleaning will probably be your only hope. The 'splashy' spotting you have actually sounds promising. Pick out one or two items of value and take them to a good cleaners and have them take a look and see what they think.
The two best options are vinegar and dish detergent. Washing with vinegar should get rid of the smell, the amount to use will vary according to how much thinner was spilled on the clothes.... 7/10/2008 · Son got oil paint on pants all over, so I cleaned it off with paint thinners.I've washed them alone twice and they still really smell.How do I get the smell out.
This solution to getting the smell of paint thinner out of your clothes also involves a couple of steps. First, pour a small amount of laundry detergent directly onto the stanky item. how to find the mac address of a router The two best options are vinegar and dish detergent. Washing with vinegar should get rid of the smell, the amount to use will vary according to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.657314
Retrieved Text: A fire and a cup of coffee – what else is there to do when waiting and scouting for a rise. This is from the Rena River in fall 2014.
Clear air and water – In fall the air gets crisp and clear. It’s like you’ll see longer and better than in the thick and warm midsummer air. It also seems that the water is calming down, and visibility is higher.
Fishing gets difficult – In fall it seems that the fish turn a bit wearier. Therefore, the tippets get thinner, down to 6X or 7X. Presentation must be perfect not to spook the fish. Small insects and thin tippets makes the choice of fly, the presentation, the float and the fight a challenge for every fly fisher.
Some of the most memorable days of the season are for me in fall. It’s strange actually, since it’s far between the big catches that we’re able to do in June and July. But the combination of the beauty of nature, the difficult fishing and just the thought that every trip might be the last for the season is probably why fall is such a great time for fly fishing.
Fall is also challenging due to the lack of a decent hatch. For those not familiar with the Norwegian climate, it is important to understand that temperature can vary enormously in fall – from those Indian summer days to freezing cold ones. Winds and weather in general is unpredictable in fall.
The water temperature drops as well. This season my rivers have not

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.046139
Retrieved Text: Introducing the new iPad Pro, MacBook Air, and Mac mini.
Powerful tools to imagine and create amazing things.
Completely redesigned and packed with our most advanced technology, including an edge-to-edge Liquid Retina display, Face ID, and an A12X Bionic chip, and introducing the new Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard Folio. It’s the biggest change to iPad since iPad.
The new thinner and lighter MacBook Air features a brilliant Retina display, the security and convenience of Touch ID, the latest‑generation keyboard, and a Force Touch trackpad. And with an enclosure made with 100 percent recycled aluminum, it’s the greenest Mac ever. MacBook Air is your perfectly portable, do‑it‑all notebook.
​Re-engineered in no small way.
Mac mini gets the update of a lifetime, with eighth‑generation 6‑core and quad‑core processors, high‑performance 2666MHz DDR4 memory up to 64GB, all‑flash storage up to 2TB SSD, Thunderbolt 3, HDMI 2.0, and available 10Gb Ethernet. This is massive.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.869913
Retrieved Text: The October Apple Event has just ended. Three new Apple devices were unveiled at the event – A new MacBook Air, iPad Pro and Mac Mini.
Here’s a quick look at how they stack up.
The new iPad Pro has been completely redesigned. It looks like a tablet version of the iPhone XS Max except without the notch.
It comes in two variants, an 11-inch and a huge 12.9-inch version available in Space Grey and Silver colours. Prices start from S$1,199 for the 11-inch and S$1,499 for the 12.9-inch display.
You can order one from Apple Store Singapore now.
The MacBook Air finally gets a Retina Display. It is also thinner and lighter than ever.
Price starts from S$1,789 for the base model with 8GB memory and 128GB SSD storage.
It will come in three colours – Space Grey, Gold and Silver and will be available from 7 November.
The Mac Mini gets upgrades all around. They don’t come cheap though.
Pricing for the new Mac mini starts at S$1,179 for a 3.6GHz 8th-Gen Intel Core i3 processor, 8GB memory and 128GB SSD storage.
It will also be available on Apple Store from 7 November.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.792385
Retrieved Text: Gumdrop has done it again, earlier it released cases even before iphone 5 was released giving us some idea of its shape and size. Now Gumdrop has released cases for iPad 5 even before one week of its release! The new case gives us some clues about the design of the new iPad. The new iPad will be thinner and narrower. MacRumors says that the new iPad will be 15 percent thinner and upto 33 percent lighter than the current iPad.
Gumdrop has posted a 360-degree comparison of the new and old iPads inside its cases, which also shows the new iPad to be narrower. The ports for buttons and cameras all appear to be in the same places as current models.
Gumdrop knows so much about the new iPad because it produces all its goods in China where manufacturers swap information so that a specific region gets a lot of employment jobs. Gumdrop is offering three case designs for the iPad 5: the Drop Tech series, the Drop Tech Designer series, and the Bounce cover. They range in price from $35 to $60.
Previous Apple Introduces MacBook Air with 12 Hours Battery Life!
Next Google Removes Chrome Extensions!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.447605
Retrieved Text: As Engine Oil gets hotter it becomes thinner (less viscous) and will lose its film strength, this all important film strength supported by oil pressure is what keeps bearings, gears, piston rings etc surfaces from touching. Once these surfaces touch metal is removed, clearances widen and wear increases. As this takes place the oil pressure drops and very soon the result will be mechanical failure and engine seizure, resulting in the end of your race, most likely race meeting, replacement engine required and a massive cost to your team.
Oil to Air Transmission Coolers are used for cooling gearboxes, crown wheels and pinion units, differentials and power steering pumps to prevent overheating and loss of pressure due to material expansion that results in greater tolerances and lack of oil circulation and spiralling heat build-up causing mechanical failure and seizing.
Due to the intense nature of motorsport these failures will happen in a very short space of time and using the obp Motorsport Hi-Quality Reliable Oil to Air Coolers is essential to prevent these types of failures. As the air passes through the oil to air cooler it reduces and maintains the oil temperature at a workable, hi performing and reliable temperature preventing engine or transmission failure.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.38731
Retrieved Text: The first thing you’ll notice is how incredibly thin and light it is. iPad Air 2 is an impossibly thin 6.1 millimetres, making it our thinnest iPad ever. And it weighs less than a pound. So it’s even easier to hold in one hand and take with you anywhere.
Ingenuity makes it thin. Aluminum makes it strong.
When it was introduced four years ago, the original iPad set the standard for thinness and lightness. Since then, iPad has become even thinner and lighter. But thanks to its durable aluminum unibody, iPad Air 2 doesn’t sacrifice strength in the pursuit of thinness. From the moment you pick it up, you feel how sturdy and rigid it is.
Not just a thinner display.A better display.
The displays on previous generations of iPad used three separate components. iPad Air 2 changes all that, combining those three layers into just one. This eliminates gaps between layers, along with the internal reflectance caused by those gaps. The result? Colours are richer, contrast is greater, and images are sharper and more vivid.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.364912
Retrieved Text: Spraying is quick, easier than brushing and fun. However, there are several things that can go wrong. Here are six common problems, how to avoid them in the future, and the best ways to fix them if they do attack. The first three have more to do with the material, environment and spray equipment, while the last three are more related to your spraying technique.
As finish flows through the gun, the tip atomizes it into tiny airborne droplets. If those droplets are too large or too thick to flow out during drying, you may end up with a surface that is pebbly, like the surface of an orange peel. Sometimes you can avoid it by using a smaller fluid tip on the gun, but the simplest way to sidestep orange peel is to thin the material.
A pebbly surface on your project, with the texture of an orange peel, is the result of finish droplets that are too large or too thick to dry properly.
Fixing orange peel is fairly easy. Wait until the coat is dry, sand it smooth, and spray the next coat with thinner material.
Incidentally, when you first spray water-based coating, it may look like there is orange peel, but when you let it dry overnight, the finish usually will flow out. That’s because water-based coating has a high surface tension and will create beads of finish, but the evaporation of the high-surface-tension water in the mix will allow the remaining finish to flow out level during the drying process.
Though it is not common in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.170898
Retrieved Text: [MUSIC] [APPLAUSE] This. [APPLAUSE] This is the new iPad Air 2. It's unbelievably gorgeous, and look how thin it is. Can you even see it? [LAUGH] I'm so excited to be able to tell you about the incredible new iPad Air 2. It is the thinnest iPad we have ever made. Just six point one millimeters thin. That's 18 percent thinner. Than their first iPad Air, which was already 20% thinner than the iPad before it. It makes it the world's thinnest tablet.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.119627
Retrieved Text: the last 3 post were "inside baseball" between Gordy and I.
Some techno issues arose in Admin. and had to be dealt with.
Sorry for getting slightly "off Topic".
I've got my 2nd airbrush, 1st one to use a cup. Hardest technique to learn is to not tip the cup up and spill paint on myself.
All moddlers should get an air brush - it can get paint where a brush can't.
I also recommend a cheap auto compressor, that way you can also use it for bigger jobs and costs about the same.
Unfortunately it didn't come with a cap. Thats what the next model up is for.
Just need to get a technique that won't allow me to forget.
I'm also at the stage of experimenting with washes.
The other problem is getting paint all over my hands when I fill the cup - any suggestions please?
Kuklinzki, It is not a good idea to use a water based wash (Vallejo) on a water based paint job without some kind of protectant coat. What you can do is after your base paint hase cured for at least a day, spray a light coat of future floor wax (or the appropriate brand where you live) over it and let is cure for a few minutes then spray another tyhen let it cure for a day. Then your Vellejo pin wash should work better. If you use oils (I do), make sure you use a medium (thinner) such a mineral spirits or turpenoid to thin the paint. Do not use laquer thinner as it is too

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.049212
Retrieved Text: * Prices: $499 16 GB, $599 for 64 GB, $699 for 128 GB. Cell versions about $130 more.
* Preorders start Oct. 17. Shipping starts next week.
* The 7.9 inch mini gets many of the same features as the new iPad Air 2.
They look the same, but the buzzy new iMac is thinner (5 mm) and has the highest definition yet.
Apple Pay: Begins Monday. Apple’s version of a mobile-based payment system will let people pay for stuff with their iPhone at places like Panera Bread, Target and Uber.
OS X Yosemite: The new Mac operating system should be available today for free. It touts features like a revamped Safari (allegedly 6.6-times faster than other browsers), connects better with the mobile iOS and now lets you make regular phone calls on a Mac.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.858809
Retrieved Text: SIGMA WR filters enable easier handling while shooting and feature excellent water and oil repellent as well as having an antistatic function. UV type filters cut out ultraviolet rays that would normally have a negative effect on your images.
Interchangeable lenses are required to perform their best in different shooting conditions and these new range of filters will certainly ensure their performance to the fullest.
The SGV range of filters are designed to avoid vignetting or the decrease in peripheral light quantities especially when the thinner wide type filters are used with SIGMA lenses. By incorporating Sigma's Super Multi-Layer Coating, the filter reduces flare and ghosting. In addition, black rimmed glass eliminates unnecessary internal reflections, and provides high performance for both digital cameras and film cameras.
With excellent antistatic performance, the filter prevents microscopic dust clinging to the surface. Even if the lens gets soiled, dust can be easily removed using an air-blower.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.791683
Retrieved Text: When it comes to living life to the fullest, there is no substitute for oxygen. The same can be said about losing weight: Oxygen plays an all-important role.
Demographic studies show that people who live at elevations above 7200 feet are three to four times as likely to be overweight as those who live at see level. This phenomena is further evidenced by a study commissioned by the National Park Service that found that rangers assigned to work at Death Valley National Park (282 feet below sea level) are 26 percent thinner than those who reside at elevations between sea level and 400 feet.
Although not all of this weight differential can be attributed to differences in oxygen availability, the evidence is clear that the thinner the air, the fatter the population.
Note: The course of weigh loss on this diet can be accelerated with the addition of Super-Oxygenated Air Capsules.
For more information about purchasing a Super-Oxygen Diet plan, contact us.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.767492
Retrieved Text: When choosing paint for your exterior painting, the most important quality is not color, but composition. There are two basic types of paint, water-based and oil-based. The most common water-based paints are latex, acrylic, and vinyl, which means those materials are used as a binder (holds paint to surface). Alkyd paint, often called oil-based, uses mineral spirits (paint thinner) as a binder. Often, one type of paint is better suited to a particular job than the other, so it is important to know at least a little about each type and the pros and cons of each one.
Water-based paint gets its name from the fact that water is used as the solvent. It is combined with a binder such as latex or acrylic, additives and pigments to create a product that when dry, provides a flexible & durable protective coating for your home. Latex and acrylic paint are both good choices for wood sided homes, as they can expand and shrink with the wood, which prevents blistering and peeling. Water-based paints are a good choice for exterior painting as well because they contain little volatile organic compounds (VOC's), which release into the air, contribute to pollution and may even cause cancer. If you choose any water based paint, be careful of cold temperatures. It should be at least 50 degrees for the paint to work correctly; if it freezes before it dries, it will crack, split and peel.
Oil-based paints use paint thinner as a solvent, and alkyd resins as a binder. In the past, this type

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.739218
Retrieved Text: Apple's supply chain partners have ramped up production for components to be used the company's upcoming second-generation iPad Air, reports Digitimes. Citing sources close to production, the report claims that the device will remained unchanged in terms of size and resolution, but will feature a thinner profile, faster processor, and an improved Touch ID fingerprint sensor.
Apple has also called on touch panel suppliers TPK and GIS to manufacture full-lamination units for the device ahead of its launch this fall. The source also notes that Sharp, Japan Display, and LG Display have also seen their orders increase for the iPhone, likely indicating that Apple is now mass producing screens for the iPhone 6.
Previous leaks have also pointed to a thinner profile for the iPad Air 2, along with reports claiming that the device will feature anti-reflective coating, and an improved Touch ID sensor. It is also most certain that Apple will include a faster processor in the iPad Air 2, as the company will likely integrate its new A8 chip in the device.
Apple will likely launch the iPad Air 2 alongside the next-generation iPad mini with Retina display this fall. The company is also said to be preparing to launch a 12.9-inch iPad in early 2015.
FFS Apple it's thin enough right now!
It's not thin enough until the camera sticks out.
We can all agree that thinner and lighter still is welcome on the iPad. The Air was a huge improvement in that area.
But on the iPhone it isn't. Maybe in bigger models, but the 4" is thinner and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.738571
Retrieved Text: Model Air are liquid acrylic colours designed for airbrush techniques. The formula contains extremely resistant and durable acrylic resin, which makes Model Air superior to other acrylics for airbrushing.
Colours can be mixed together or diluted with water, Model Air Thinner or varnish, according to the effect that you want to achieve. It is generally recommended to mix colours with Model Air Thinner in order to preserve their qualities. Model Air adheres well to all surfaces, especially to resin, plastic, steel and white metal. Once protected with varnish (Matt, Satin or Gloss), Model Air can resist oils, enamels and turpentine. Its resistance to friction is superior to that of other water-based acrylics.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.738544
Retrieved Text: Klean-Strip Paint Thinner Quart, 2015 at Tractor Supply Co.
Klean-Strip Paint Thinner is made with real mineral spirits - making it an excellent thinner for oil-based paint, stain and varnish. It can also be used to clean up oil-based paint splatters and overspray that occur during project, as well as paint, brushes, tools, and equipment immediately when the job is done.
DANGER! HARMFUL OR FATAL IF SWALLOWED. EYE IRRITANT. COMBUSTIBLE. Contains Petroleum Distillates. Keep away from heat, sparks, open flames, and other ignition sources. USE ONLY WITH ADEQUATE VENTILATION TO PREVENT BUILDUP OF VAPORS. Do not use in areas where vapors can accumulate and concentrate such as basements, bathrooms or small enclosed areas. Whenever possible, use outdoors in an open air area. If using indoors open all windows and doors and maintain a cross ventilation of moving fresh air across the work area. If strong odor is noticed or you experience slight dizziness, headache, nausea or eye-watering - STOP - ventilation is inadequate. Leave area immediately. IF THE WORK AREA IS NOT WELL VENTILATED, DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT. A dust mask does not provide protection against vapors. Reports have associated repeated and prolonged overexposure to solvents with neurological and other physiological damage. Intentional misuse of this product by deliberately concentrating and inhaling vapors can be harmful or fatal. Do not take internally. Avoid contact with eyes and prolonged contact with skin.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.72414
Retrieved Text: The resistance, hardness and covering power of Model Air is superior to any known acrylic for airbrushing. The pigments used for airbrush colours need to be ground to the finest possible consistency to avoid obstruction of the airbrush valves. The revolutionary milling process of the pigments used in the Model Air formula gives the modelpainter technical assurance and finest texture when applying the colours to the model, and produces a very superior quality when applying the colours with a brush for miniscule details, washes and transparencies and layered application of diluted glazes.
Colours can be mixed with one another and diluted with water, Model Air Thinner (71.061) or Varnish, according to the effect desired, but Vallejo recommend the use of Airbrush Thinner since this product conserves the properties of the colours. Model Air adheres exceptionally well to all surfaces. The adhesion of Model Air to resin models, plastics, steel and white metal is extraordinary. Once protected with varnish, (Gloss, Matte or Satin) Model Air can be overpainted with solvent based enamels or oil-colours: they withstand cleaning with turpentine and even a light wash with alcohol. The resistance to abrasion of the colours, once varnished, is superior to any other waterbased acrylic.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.66384
Retrieved Text: Designed to meet the tough day-to-day demands of the commercial food service kitchen, PRO knives are expertly crafted in Solingen, Germany. Combining superior quality, technological advances, and affordability, the PRO series offers chefs the confidence to equip their kitchen staff with the best performing stamped food service cutlery. The PRO 7" Santoku Knife is designed with a thinner blade than the traditional chef’s knife, at a 10 cutting edge, and gradually curves up at the very end providing a straighter edge. The hollow edge contains evenly spaced vertical indentations that create small air pockets between the blade and the food. These small air pockets gently push food off the blade and reduce the friction and drag when slicing.
The PRO 7" Santoku Knife is designed with a thinner blade than the traditional chef’s knife, at a 10 cutting edge, and gradually curves up at the very end providing a straighter edge. The hollow edge contains evenly spaced vertical indentations that create small air pockets between the blade and the food. These small air pockets gently push food off the blade and reduce the friction and drag when slicing.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.51427
Retrieved Text: There’s a fresh leak in town showing us the iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2 yet again, in a bunch of very convincing shots. As usual, the images come from China and it’s interesting to notice that the iPad Mini 2 doesn’t get the fingerprint Touch ID tech.
The iPad 5 totally gets it and we’ve got a new screen tech inside the device, making it thinner and lighter than the current models. We’re also seeing a new ribbon cable leaked, yet another reason to see the Touch ID as confirmed. October 22nd is the date when Apple will make the big unveiling related to the new tablets and possibly new iMacs and MacBooks.
Apple Preparing Tablet-Related Event for October 22nd; iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2 Incoming!
Apple Expected to Unveil Thinner iPad and Retina iPad Mini; Bloomberg Sources Confirm!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.46362
Retrieved Text: Has anyone flushed out their A/C system using Lacquer thinner? I'm told by the experts to use Lacquer thinner and not these A/C flushes available on the market because they do not evaporate totally. Also to take the parts off the car as to not damage paint due to the effects of lacquer thinner. For any one who has done this, I would like to here your results.
We did it in the old days.
I use an a/c flush only. It will evaporate with shop air from a compressor.
Fill up evap and condenser with flush and leave it sit for a while.
Take lines off and flush and blow with air.
Do not get flush in compressor and get a new drier.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.376907
Retrieved Text: Product CatalogWhat is Mr. Hobby?
Thumbnail click to zoom it.
Use this thinner to dilute the color a little when you use an air brush or normal brush.
110 ml and 250 ml containers are available.
©2019 GSI Creos Hobby Dept.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.296026
Retrieved Text: Great BMX shoe. Little stiff at first but it gets you going.
Quality seems great, as always with Etnies products. This is obviously one of their thinner shoes, but it still retains the comfort of a skate shoe. Perhaps the ankle cut could be slightly lower or more padded as this seems to catch my ankle slightly when doing any sideways movements. Overall a great shoe!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.295023
Retrieved Text: An experienced Melbourne artist, Terry Matassoni has behind him 30 solo exhibitions. His arts works are displayed by galleries throughout Australia.
He is a painter who uses figurative elements with areas of abstraction. He believes that inspiration for art should be found all around you - wherever you are. There should be enough inspiration for art within a mile from your home.
Before a painting begins, he grids the canvas up with squares and angles as he finds this aids composition and placement of elements.
He always underpaints and gets rid of the white of the canvas straight away.
He uses glazes a lot and is increasingly favours thinner and thinner glazes.
He likes to contrast transparent colours with opaque colours to create effects or to push things back and create depth.
He grids up canvases even for plain-air painting, which he is enjoying increasingly as he finds the process more spontaneous than his studio paintings.
For his larger, studio painting, he does lots of sketching thus creating many possible versions which he plays around with for composition and perspective. Terry likes to plan and believes in the process. He often uses gouache to work things out.
His paintings tell stories - paintings in which things happen or are about to happen, in which people are doing things. The viewer expects something to happen.
Uses figures a lot in various places and doing various things and in various combinations, often in imagined places.
He often paints large and has many paintings on the go at one time ’20 or so’. He likes to plan each painting

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.24759
Retrieved Text: Too many choices? We can help. And if you're still unsure, check out our sample projects to see real-life product applications.
Use this Product Guide to find the right Jasco® product for your job — then check the descriptions below for more product information.
Acetone is a strong, fast-acting solvent that is a thinner and remover for specified coatings, including polyester and epoxy resins, ink, adhesives and contact cement. Acetone is an effective cleanup solvent after the completion of a fiberglass project, for removal of excess fiberglass resin or foreign material from solvent-tolerant surfaces.
Boiled Linseed Oil is a classic wood finish and natural protectant that is produced from the seed of the flax plant and processed so that it will dry faster than raw linseed oil. Boiled Linseed Oil protects and seals unfinished wood surfaces and produces a beautiful hand-rubbed finish on fine wood and antiques.
Japan Drier contains a special blend of lead-free drying agents that accelerate the drying ability of oil-based enamel and varnish. It is especially effective when weather is damp or cool to speed the drying time. Use Japan Drier for these coatings: oil-based paint, oil-based enamel, varnish and polyurethane.
Lacquer Thinner is a high-solvency, medium-drying thinner for lacquer. Cleans tools and equipment after a lacquer project.
Methyl Ethyl Ketone (MEK) is a thinner for specified coatings, including polyester and epoxy resins, ink, and adhesives. It is recommended for use when a rate of evaporation slower than acetone is desired.
Odorless Mineral Spirits is a premium, highly refined solvent formula which effectively thins and blends well into oil-based

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.247406
Retrieved Text: Q. How does the Master Series Rust Sealer Silver work and how long does it last?
A. Our silver primer is a moisture cured urethane. The more moisture in the air, the faster it dries so it's actually strengthened by moisture. The aluminum powder in the coating cuts off the oxygen so the coating itself is waterproof and air tight. It'll withstand 8000 hours of salt spray. This primer was developed in the mid-70's as a bridge primer. Bridges coated with 2 coats of silver and one coat of color such as our AG111 have a documented 20-25 year service life.
Q. How does it compare to automotive epoxy primers?
A. Two coats of automotive epoxy primer, five coats of color, and two coats of clear will withstand 500 hours of salt spray. Two coats of Master Series Silver and one coat of AG111 will do 14,000 hours of salt spray. Master Series silver primer, if scratched, the rust will not go beyond the scratch.
Q. How does it compare to other paint over rust products?
A. Master Series silver is sunlight stable, sandable, paintable, sticks to clean steel, and is air tight. We don't recommend painting black or clear over rust. These coatings are not air tight. They are simply polyurethane designed for wood and concrete. The black polyurethane is ideal over the silver on chassis and floorpans, especially with a paint brush, but not as a rust sealer alone.
Q. Why are the prices of Master Series products lower than the competitors'?
Q. What is the correct way to handle these

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.188974
Retrieved Text: Why lawyers will love the iPad Air 2 - iPhone J.D.
Yesterday, Apple announced the 2014 update to the iPad, and the newest full-size iPad is called the iPad Air 2. This is an incremental update, not unlike the update from the iPhone 5 to the iPhone 5s, but it hits all the high notes for the iPad and looks like it will be a fantastic tablet for any attorney. There is a 16GB model for $499 that you should NOT get, a 64GB model for $599 and a 128GB model for $699. The 64GB model will be perfect for most attorneys, and the 128GB model is great for attorneys who want to carry around a lot of videos and pictures. As before, an extra $130 gets you built-in cellular.
When I think of what makes the iPad great for attorneys, I think of four things: (1) it is thin and light, much lighter than a laptop, (2) it has a great screen, (3) it is powerful and (4) it is easy to use. Those are the same four areas that Apple improved in the iPad Air 2, so the 2014 iPad has more of what makes the iPad so great to begin with.
Before the Fall of 2013, I actually used two iPads. I had a full-sized iPad, which was great for viewing websites and reading documents on a larger screen, and I had an iPad mini, which was great when I wanted something that was lighter and easier to hold. But once I started using the iPad

================



======= Instance Index 471 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are many arrangements or few arrangements ):

A: The more carbon atoms there are, the greater the number of possible arrangements of carbon atoms.


When we have a few blocks we can make many arrangements or few arrangements?

Target Text: few arrangements

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.524553
Retrieved Text: Kids of all ages love Minecraft. There are tons of Minecraft toys available at most toy stores these days, but some of the sets are incredibly pricey, and not all the toys are appropriate for younger kids. When I saw these unfinished wood blocks at a craft store, I knew that I could transform them into Minecraft blocks so that even younger kids can have fun bringing everyone’s favorite video game to life. Do this project with your kids, or make them a set of blocks as a gift!
These Minecraft blocks are adorable and would make an excellent handmade birthday gift or Christmas present for Minecraft-loving kids.
If your kids love Minecraft, they will love making these SUPER cute blocks!
Sand any rough edges on the blocks. Wipe away excess sawdust.
Paint each block to look like the real Minecraft blocks. You can either choose to make one of each block like we did, or make a bunch of blocks painted the same way so that the kids can build their own Minecraft scenes with the blocks later. These blocks are inexpensive at craft stores, so for around $20 you can make quite a few blocks!
After painting each block the main color, use a small paintbrush to add details.
We transformed out blocks into TNT, grass, smooth stone, cobblestone, wood, water, obsidian, sand, and coal.
Let the blocks dry for at least two hours.
Once dry, you can also add a layer of Mod Podge or another sealer to prevent the paint from chipping off. However, the paint should last a while

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.162
Retrieved Text: Block unit-plays play a vital role in a child’s life. It is not only fun to play but also develops language skill, cognitive skills, intellectual skills,physical skills, Cooperation skills. Etc. Though it doesn’t have the fancy thing in it building blocks are great for developing intellectual, cognitive, social, emotional and physical skills.
Many scholars and early childhood educators feel the toddlers develop these skills in general when you play the block unit. I certainly agree into this and have listed what made me write about this!!
When I say this few people may think how a play can build a language development? But with this we can ask open ended questions to allow them to speak more on it. So in the end vocabulary will grow in shaa allah. For instance, Mama is planning to build a boat! Would you like to help in understanding what a boat is? So while constructing a boat we can use different colours of blocks and speak about the colors, shapes etc and analyze what if we change the order of the constructed boat.
These are the sample questions you can ask to kindle the problem solving skills in a kid. They will try to answer something out.
How tall can you build your tower before it falls over?Can you change your design to make the tower taller?Will a tower with a wider base be taller than a tower with a narrow base?Measure the height of your tower or count the number of blocks.Create a pattern in your tower. Alternate the color of your

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.772362
Retrieved Text: Preschoolers enjoy learning to count and some children can count quite well. But many get a bit confused when they get to the teens, happily counting, “…thirteen – fourteen – seventeen – twenty-teen!” I always enjoy hearing them practice and learn. Most preschoolers are quite capable of learning some very basic math concepts—not in a formal setting—but a little bit here and there.
One way to help them learn and have fun at the same time is to use objects when counting so that the numbers are not just abstract—but concrete—real.
We use blocks from a Jenga game. We have 20 blocks in a little basket, but right now we are only using 10 blocks most of the time with a 4-½ year-old. We first used the blocks just for counting. Now she is getting familiar with the most simple concepts and vocabulary of math.
We randomly start with any number of blocks, say 5, and then add 2 (or any number that will add up to ten or less). Since she does not know what five plus two is, she then counts them all and tells me how many there are. Then we might add 3 more to make 10. Then I will ask her to take away 1 and count them, take away 3 more and count them, etc. She is getting used to the idea of adding up to 10 and taking away (subtraction) all the way down to zero. This activity never lasts more than a few minutes, and then we put the blocks away

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.767946
Retrieved Text: This applique cat block is made from one of four different cat templates. You can make several blocks each one using the different cat template. The blocks are then joined using bright fabrics for the sashing.
2. Using black fabric (tone on tone or plain) select the cat you like and using your preferred applique method stitch your cat onto the background.
3. Repeat until you have the number of blocks you require.
When using this block it pays to think very carefully about the end use of the quilt. Some of the images from this block I have used to make my grand daughters Nighttime Cat Antics quilt. This was a themed quilt where the cats come out at night to play. The background fabric needed to be dark blue for this to work.
If you have members in your group who are a bit averse to applique then this block set could be a good starter. The cats are all silhouettes so only require stitching around their outer edges. Also with four different blocks to choose from there is a range of skill levels for them to choose from.
We had quite a few blocks made and I remember that there were two blocks that had the cat appliques ironed on but not sewn due to time restraints or whatever. We have decided this is acceptable as it gives more blocks to be submitted in the monthly draw.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.556488
Retrieved Text: Washi Tape Lego Duplo Blocks!
I will cry when we finally give away our Lego Duplo , but considering my 8 year old will still happily play with it I am not packing it up yet. One of the things I like to do with toys that we already have to make them fresh is to find new ways to use them or ways to make them seem new. Enter washi tape. If you aren’t familiar with washi tape it’s colorful paper tape that comes off easily so not only can you reposition it you can remove it. I added some washi tape to my daughter’s Lego Duplo on a whim around Valentine’s Day and posted it to Instagram and the response was great enough I knew I needed to do a full post about it here. As you will see washi tape Lego Duplo can also be used for more directed activities too. Scroll down to see what we did with it.
Gather your materials. You will need some blocks – we used Duplo but Mega Blocks or Little People Builder blocks would work, as would regular old wooden blocks. You will also need some washi tape. I got ours online here ( affiliate link), as well as some Scotch brand washi tape at Target.
Start by wrapping the tape around the blocks. Make a few blocks with the same tape.
Time to build. Mix the different blocks with tape along with some without the tape for a fun group of blocks to build with.
And then match the exact

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.390665
Retrieved Text: 2013 was a year for me to start some new patchwork and quilting projects. I was keen to do some slow projects that would give me the enjoyment of piecing every month without the pressure of expecting a finished quilt. With that in mind I signed up to take a free Craftsy class to make a block each month. I liked the idea that some of the blocks would also teach me some new techniques and the videos are a great visual way of learning for me.
When the girls over at And Sew We Craft decided to do a Block of the Month quilt too, that fitted in perfectly. We each chose two blocks from the Modern Blocks book and then we have taken turns to share the tutorials and the blocks. It is so interesting to see how different the blocks look in different fabrics!
Best of all I have been able to use some of the skills I learnt in the first BOM (Block of the Month) to make the blocks in the ModernQAL (Modern Quilt Along). It has been fun.
The Craftsy class is all but finished. There is one more block in the class that I have decided to switch out. I’m not a huge fan of applique flower baskets and I like the other geometric blocks so I will look at how I can join them into a quilt top without that block in the coming weeks.
The ModernQAL has a few blocks left in the New Year. In fact I have the January

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.206999
Retrieved Text: Last month I asked you to send in flying geese blocks for Covered in Love and you did! I'll be putting that quilt together soon once the last few blocks come in. But, it's a new month, and we have a new block!
This month we're making what I'm calling a patchwork mosaic block, using the color palette below.
These block are basically 9 patches made of 4" units that will measure 12.5" unfinished. Each block has between 0-3 pieced blocks, the rest being unpieced patches. Use pattered fabrics, please, no solids. Decide on the arrangement for your blocks and cut the needed number of solid patches to 4.5" square.
For the pieced blocks, you can make any block you want to that is 4.5" unfinished. There's always a 4-patch, start with 2.5" squares. Or there are a bunch of blocks you could make from 2.5" HSTs.
You could make a log cab or court-house steps block from 1.5" strips. You can make almost any paperpieced block by scaling it down appropriately. Keep it simple or be as ambitious as you like. Have fun!
Arrange your pieces randomly and sew together into a 9 patch measuring 12.5".
Linking to Sunday Scrap! and Design Wall Monday.
Okay, now you've made me want to go dig around in my stash for those colors to give these blocks a try! I will let you know what I find!
What a great idea for a quilt! I love this block idea. Thanks for sharing with Oh Scrap!
Making up some blocks to send your way! This one is fun

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.113125
Retrieved Text: The quote above seems to be the perfect way to open a Design Wall Monday post. The purpose of having a design wall is so we can critic and edit our work as it progresses. Having quilted for many years without one, I now have two, I did make use of the floor, a table and the bed when it was time to lay out blocks. Now I am finding it so much easier to stand back and decide where things need to go or change.
Here are the blocks I have been working on off and on for a while. The pattern was in the American Patchwork and Quilting Magazine February 2009 issue. It is called Zen.
The pattern call for an alternating plain block. I haven't cut any yet. I have been buying a few more batiks because I didn't have a diverse enough selection for them. My original thought was to use all pieced blocks. Many of these were made from a sampler roll of batiks I had purchased at a show so I didn't have yardage or even fat quarters. They were 6" x 18" pieces and I could get the block cut with just a few inches to spare.
The Balancing Act Blocks are still coming along. I'm still cutting and sewing them. It is a great one for using up some of my floral bits and pieces. You can find the link for the block in my first post about them.
Back to today's meditative process. Do you think the Zen blocks need the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.015646
Retrieved Text: Not too long ago I came across THIS site and story. I read a lot of historical books but never had any idea the scope of this!
I decided to make a few blocks for the project.
When I was young my parents encouraged me to write to a great aunt who never grew up mentally. As I did genealogy I found out that my aunt was in this institution.
Can you imagine that it would take 2 red x's on a doctor's report and the Nazi's would put to death "defectives"?! Terrifying!
I'm not sure where the project is going but it was simple enough to make a few blocks to send in signifying the lives that were snuffed out so horrifically.
Despite this downer kind of post, make it a great day!
Heck, we're all defective in some way! Thanks for the history lesson.
I am with you and will make some this week. Without question, my magnificent grandson, with his significant autism, would have been among the X's. I will make a special one for my super little guy! How lucky we are!
Great and touching post ! I will do some blocks for this woman !
Thank you, Cecile. I look forward to you becoming part of The 70273 Project. If you have any questions or need anything, just holler.
Lori, Thank you so much for this post and for becoming part of The 70273 Project, and for introducing us to your great aunt. I have an aunt who was institutionalized in the early 1950s after she attempted suicide. Six men signed

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.01536
Retrieved Text: Slowly, slowly, we are working towards a Melbourne summer…. A Melbourne summer, for the uninitiated, is a roller coaster of warm days, cooler days, rain, wind, then usually baking hot for any given time. This year, we are still waiting for the baking hot part, which is kind of good in that I was able to berry pick these gorgeous babies on the weekend. So delicious!
So, I have decided to devote the next few posts to ice pops and ice cream, in the hope that the heat will come, just like in that movie ‘Field of Dreams’ with Kevin Costner…or something.
To start with, I made some pretty ice pops with coconut water, fruit and herbs, that are as simple as can be, and super refreshing. You could just use plain filtered water also if you prefer, but coconut water gives you a little extra sweetness, and all the wonderfully replenishing electrolytes.
Edible flowers work particularly well – who wants plain ice blocks when you can have one with flowers?! Or herbs. Or fruit.
To make these beautiful delights, start with choosing your flavours. For the ice-pops, I chose blueberry and lemon balm for one, and classic strawberry and mint for the other. Pour coconut water into icy pole moulds, add friends, and freeze. I like to freeze the coconut water for a while first, until it just starts to frost, so that the additions don’t all just cluster at the bottom. Once it is slightly frozen, add a popsicle stick, and pop back into the freezer until completely

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.95001
Retrieved Text: I got together last week with Holly from Holly's Stamping Addiction to get a little crafty. With a few blocks of woods, some chalkboard paint, ribbon, a few buttons, brads, twine and chalk we made these cute chalkboard blocks.
They can sit on a shelf, countertop, etc. Since they are painted with chalkboard paint, you can write your daily menu on one or even change the message to your liking. My D-I-L is remodeling her kitchen and has chosen an Americana theme, so I Mod Podged a couple of scrapbook cutouts onto a couple for her. The other I made for my daughter. Just a simple message that can be changed with the season, holiday or even just her mood.
Have fun creating your own chalkboard blocks!
This project is being shown off at the Take it on Tuesday linky party.
I love this idea...I wish I had more counter space.. Ah...maybe someday when the kitchen gets a real makeover or I move! Love the blocks and the way you embellished them too!!
These are so lovely; great job!
This is such a cute idea and I can think of lots of ways to use them. I'm getting around and stopping by from the Stop, Drop Alexa hop.
I also joined your friend linky why I was here and voted for you on the Top Mommy blog.
Your chalkboard blocks are adorable! I am off to check out the list of items needed. Thank you for sharing.
These are adorable- how cool that you can customize them in so many ways- from the ribbon to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.839931
Retrieved Text: So I didn’t do a great job of sticking with my declaration that I would post more. My diary has been fairly quiet lately and that is a drag for me. We did have a wonderful Christmas and New Year’s season and are racing towards the most important of all holidays, Groundhog’s Day!
We pretty much only do sugar cookies at Christmas…and I mostly eat them in dough form leaving few to actually make it to the oven. The kids “decorate” them in interesting patterns.
And by patterns, I mean globs and piles…which makes them perfect to eat!
I buried my nephew under his new blocks. I loved those kind of blocks when I was in school…We had a large, ride-able wooden train in kindergarten that we used to drive through great walls made from similar blocks. Anyhow, we had a lot of fun “hulking” out from under these blocks!
My brother mentioned that he always wanted the game Operation as a kid. We obliged this year although it is a much different game now. Still, they talked trash and left a watch or two inside the body…it was good fun!
Sober…all of us, sober. We do New Year’s with Emily’s folks. It’s a great time and we made it clear until midnight!
Somewhere during the holidays, we replaced two windows in our house. All together, I think we have replaced 21 windows or something like that. We have become old hands at it. It made a huge difference in both warmth and sound control. It’s always so striking to see a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.796667
Retrieved Text: Are you familiar with do.Good.Stitches?
"Together we can make something beautiful and practical for people in need."
Within do.Good.Stitches are several groups of quilters, who collaborate with one another each month to make a quilt; which is then donated to charity. I am a part of the Trust Circle and this month it was my turn to make the quilt; which as we all know begins by choosing a block.
I made the quilt below for my Nephew last year and really wanted to use the pattern again, so I asked my fellow bee members to help me by making 2 blocks each using the Not Quite Centered Block Tutorial that I wrote last January.
I selected a color palette, made my blocks to kick things off and have been excited to see blocks start to appear in my mailbox.
Since the block is relatively easy to put together, a fair amount of them have already been received. I have to admit that with each new arrival, I pull all of them out and start playing with possible layouts.
In a few weeks, I can make some decisions about how many more blocks I need to make, then the fun of piecing them all together can begin.
So, have you done any charitable quilting?
What a totally sweet quilt!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.757992
Retrieved Text: For planed and callipered blocks add 20% additional for labor. Un-planed balsa blocks are straight from the mill and are not perfect. Un-planed balsa blocks may have saw marks or band saw marks on a side or two from the milling operation and may not be square.
All un-planed blocks are usually close to the listed length, width, and depth but are occasionally + or -1/8 inch because of conversions from English to metric in some of the milling shops. If exact lengths, widths, or depths are crucial to your order please specify this in the comment box below for 20% extra and we will meet your needs.
Balsa Blocks or planks are 1x1 inches or larger chunks of balsa. Balsa can vary between 3# (foam weight) - 40# (oak weight) for pounds per cubic foot (lbs/cuft) but the most common densities are 8-16 pounds per cubic foot. We can also dimension the blocks to most any size. Balsa blocks are used for carving of decoys, statues, toys, industrial projects, airplane parts, and decorations.
Normally the biggest balsa blocks we get in are 3x4 un-laminated. If you require something larger than 3x4 un-laminated mention it in the Order Notes below and there is a 50% additional fee. For most balsa blocks larger than 3x4 we usually have to laminate from a few smaller blocks to make the larger sizes. The blocks turn out square and smooth after the lamination process. We use waterproof polyurethane glue with clean fitting glue joints.
We have the ability to laminate balsa blocks to most

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.702019
Retrieved Text: This art project is based on the Aztec calendar stone or sun stone.
We are finally getting some warm sun around here. The grass is green the leaves are popping out so I thought the Grade 2's could make some extra sunshine for the hall display.
We are going to use a neat printmaking technique to achieve a nice old worn look to our "paper" sun stones.
Now I am not usually a fan of craft foam, at least not all those "kits" that seem to be everywhere.
But it does have a great possibilities as a material you can manipulate into your own stamps.
Take a sheet of foam. I'm using a thin sheet here....in fact it's thinner than normal, must be some real cheap stuff I picked up!
Using your dull pencil draw your design into the foam. Go over any lines you want to be thick and color in areas.
Take your scissors and cut around your design.
Now these are clear plexiglass blocks you can get at Michaels. Normally you use them with the clear sticky stamps that are available now.
Lately I have found lots of these blocks in the dollar bin so I have been accumulating a class set.
Now you don't have to have these blocks to do the printing but if you do there are some advantages.
The clear blocks allow you to make multiple prints quite quickly and because they are clear you can exactly see where you are positioning the stamp.
I use good old masking tape to adhere my foam stamps to the block.
Now paint your stamp

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.650288
Retrieved Text: How do I start a friendship quilt?
Thread: How do I start a friendship quilt?
I and several friends did something like this years ago, we each made a center block for our own quilt than passed it around we each added a row around the center block. When our own block came back to us we had a completed quilt top. We each placed our name some place in our row.
What you and Gamie bj are describing to me is called a round robin. Also a fund thing to do with your quilting friends. There are various ways I think of doing a friendship quilt. I think of each of you doing some blocks that have a white or neutral area that each person can sign their name and you exchange these. You can pick one pattern that you all do the same block or each person can do a particular block with some designated color or theme so they would relate to each other once put into a quilt.
It is your group and your fiends, so do what you want and enjoy the process.
Somewhere on this section is a thread about a group passin round a centre medallion and then next person adds a border . The one I'm thinking about have no rules so each does own thing on the newly arrived piece.they are nearly finished.
There is a second just starting the centre of one is a set. Of dragonflies. Look them up.
If you do a quilt where you start with a center medallion, which

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.647646
Retrieved Text: So you can see why I really wanted to encourage them to use the blocks more. And yet, the only time I would really see the blocks used was when we had little boys over to play. They would head straight for the blocks!
I am happy to report though, that after making a few changes, block play is a daily occurrence here. They spend a lot of time making very elaborate creations daily! And so I thought I’d share my tips for anyone who had the same problem as me, to encourage the little girls in your life to play with blocks.
If I wanted the blocks to be a bigger part of their play, I decided I needed a more permanent area for building. I set up an inviting area near where they usually played, and they were immediately drawn to it.
The main thing I wanted was a flat surface to build on that was big enough for the two of them to use at once. My husband cut up a bit of wood he already had and sanded it a little and that’s all there was to it. I like the natural wood surface, it makes such an inviting canvas. I placed it up against the wall but the space felt very closed in so I picked up the long mirror from The Reject Shop for only $10 and it made such a big difference. It feels so much more open now and also adds another dimension to their creations.
I originally had the blocks on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.641356
Retrieved Text: It's amazing how fast a page loads when you strip away everything but the real content.
Brave blocks harmful advertising: There's a new ad game in town. It's called "Malvertising". The latest display ad technology can install malware on your laptop without your knowledge. But not with Brave watching your back.
Brave redirects sites to HTTPS: We've integrated HTTPS Everywhere into every Brave browser to make sure you are always moving your bits across the safest possible pipe.
Brave blocks Tracking Pixels and Tracking Cookies: Do you ever get that feeling that someone is watching you when you see an ad for something you bought a few days ago? We make sure you aren't being tracked while you shop online and browse your favorite sites.
Join us on GitHub and contribute to Brave as we build the web of the future.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.625565
Retrieved Text: Everyone desires a straight, ripple free body but few are able to achieve it. Perfect body work calls for the right sanding blocks and sometimes you have to fabricate them yourself. Having the proper tools is the key too every successful job and when it comes time to paint you will want to consider some of the products and equipment marketed through our Business Directory.
1. You will want a wide variety of shapes and sizes to get the desired results. Here is a table of some of our sanding blocks. We have 27 others for color sanding paint before polishing. Here are some but we have more. Some you can buy and some you will want to make yourself.
2. We use Rubatex Rubber to make our blocks. Be aware that if you leave 40 or 80 grit paper on the blocks too long the glue from the paper will come off on the rubber. However it can be cleaned off with paint thinner and a scraper. The best practice is to remove the sand paper from the blocks when you clean up for the day.
3. On long sanding blocks (13 inches or longer) we curve the ends like a sled runner to keep them from digging in, thus eliminating dips. You can warm up the Lexan with an infrared lamp along with a jig of the desired shape. Allow it to cool slowly to prevent distortion.
4. To get good results you will have to maintain your blocks and sharpen them on a regular basis. We run

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.61085
Retrieved Text: My Aspen Glow quilt is coming along slowly but surely! I don’t know what it is about this stage of the process – especially with huge quilts – but the closer I get to being finished, the slower I seem to go … and the more effort it takes to make myself work on it!
While procrastinating, though, I just happened to stumble upon Lori Holt’s Have Yourself A Quilt Little Christmas Instagram Sew Along. I’ve been seeing her fun blocks popping up on my Instagram feed for a few days … and last night I threw in the towel and joined too!
I just couldn’t resist! Ever since we finished our Spring Sampler blocks, I’ve really been missing having a small project that lets me get in a little bit of sewing time.
I don’t have a ton of Christmas fabric in my stash, and I certainly don’t have any collections with the kind of color palette needed for these blocks. On a whim, I decided to use a Fat Eighths bundle of Wrens and Friends by Gina Martin, and will probably pull a few yellows from my stash to throw in the mix.
I know that this line is meant to be a summery/fall-ish kind of line, but I think that the reds, greens, and browns – with the occasional splash of aqua and pink – are translating really well as “Christmas-y” fabrics. Besides, it’ll be good to have a holiday project that won’t scream “I still haven’t put my Christmas Decorations away” when it’s still out in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.594028
Retrieved Text: How To Build a Lawn Bar!
This past weekend my husband and I set out on a fun adventure in construction!
First of all, living in apartments for the last 5 years left us somewhat clueless of the awesome-ness that is Home Depot. I mean, you can buy cinder blocks for only $1.39...who knew?! So, I have become a junkie.
After perusing Pinterest on outdoor projects, I kept seeing all kinds of different cinder block ideas. You can see some of the one's that inspired me here. We decided we wanted to do a bar, so I read up for a few weeks on different ways to do it and decided on a wide bar that was tall enough for stools. Our back yard is long and rectangular so we decided on a L shape to take advantage of space and to be able to seat people on both sides.
This bar can seat about 8 people comfortably - 10-12 if we had to and we can easily add on later if needed!
Looked at the yard to figure out where the holes were - we did this through the whole process. Used a shovel borrowed from Justin Siler - thanks, man!
Started with the wall by the fence - two rows, long ways, holes facing up of 5 cinder blocks each. We used a tape measure and a board to level and line up the next wall.
Set blocks and used adhesive between all blocks and alternated side wall (in middle) every other set of two.
Placed one board at a time and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.547928
Retrieved Text: Back in January, we announced Instablocks™, one of our most significant product updates to date. The feature is an industry first because advertisers and marketers can create page blocks that can be used as building blocks to quickly and easily create a high volume of post-click landing pages. This enables advertisers to create matching post-click experiences just as fast as they create ads.
With Instablocks, customers can create and save custom blocks to reuse across their post-click landing pages, or leverage out-of-the-box Instablock Templates, similar to our existing post-click landing page templates. Now, Instapage customers can quickly scale to hundreds of post-click landing pages by cutting duplication of creative work.
Yet, when you have dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of pages to update with the same block, you may dread the thought of doing them individually. For that, we have Global Blocks.
Global Blocks makes it easy for advertisers and marketers to manage and update all of their post-click landing pages in a single click.
For the first time ever, you can create a custom block, use it globally across all your post-click landing pages, and make updates to all those pages with one click. This helps advertisers and marketers with high-volume, high-velocity campaigns to create, manage, and update global brand templates at scale.
Whether it’s a testimonial block, CTA block, or more, Global Blocks allow you to personalize, test, optimize, and update branded content to continually increase conversions.
In combination with Instablocks, Global Blocks offers an improved workflow because you can reduce the duplication of creative work and manual updates.
Why do

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.516113
Retrieved Text: You may want to accommodate one more child in the block area — or want to add a few more pieces to supplement the unit blocks you already have.
Imagine you have a CP11 Introductory Family Unit Blocks Set for 2 toddlers, or CP31 Preschool Center Unit Blocks Set for 3 preschoolers, or CP61 Quarter Classroom Unit Blocks Set for 4 to 5 students. Or you have an existing F151 Introductory Set, G431 Preschool Set, and G461 Quarter School Set from Community Playthings.
You can extend the use of your current set of unit blocks by adding a RX10 Quarter Remedy Unit Blocks Set, which includes one each of the four smaller Carolina Pratt Rx Unit Blocks Sets.
Current as of 9/23/17. Please call if you have questions about how to buy wooden blocks for children, including wooden blocks for babies, wooden blocks for toddlers, or wooden blocks for older kids.
These sets add "missing" and high-demand pieces to standard unit block sets.
Our Hard Rock Maple Unit Blocks are known for their exceptional craftsmanship and quality. Compared with Standard Unit Blocks offered by leading preschool equipment manufacturers and toy importers like Community Playthings. Compare our precision hand-cut Standard Unit Blocks with Melissa & Doug #503 60 Standard Unit Blocks.
We use only durable, infant-safe Hard Rock Maple for our unit blocks — never imported, chemically treated rubberwood or other soft Asian hardwood. We precision manufacturer each unit block to within one-half of one hundredth of an inch, not using cheap labor but using our own hands, right here in Asheville, North

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.504559
Retrieved Text: It does not take very long in reading an article about Georgetown before you’ll inevitably run across a variation on the phrase “cobblestoned streets”. For instance, last October when reporting on the GroupMe texting story, the Washington Post described the neighborhood as a “cobblestoned enclave of tony boutiques and historic rowhouses”.
But as anyone remotely familiar with Georgetown can tell you, we don’t actually have that many cobblestone streets. As the map above shows, we have about three blocks each for O and P St., and then a few small stubs on 35th, 34th, and next to Dean and Deluca. That’s it (outside some alleys).
Sure, this is being somewhat pedantic, but GM is going to be even more pedantic and point out that only the single blocks of 34th and 35th off of M St. are actually cobblestones. O and P St. are covered in Belgian blocks.
This, of course, is not a serious problem. But it’s worth pointing out that it’s a clichéd and hackneyed phrase that’s largely misleading. And when journalists use clichéd and hackneyed phrases, there’s a good chance they’re using similarly lazy reasoning in whatever point they’re trying to get across.
All that said, GM’s is on record supporting the removal of asphalt in select locations around Georgetown. The old Belgian blocks are still there in a lot of places. Make Georgetown Cobblestoned Again!
The alley next to Dog Tag Bakery is one that is cobblestoned, though in places covered with poorly done asphalt “cold patch”. It could stand to be restored.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.499681
Retrieved Text: What is going on everyone!! I was supposed to publish this article a few days ago, but here we are posting it now. Believe it or not, I was inspired to write this from playing Jenga with my friend Wole. It is crazy that whenever I hang out with him, we always find a way to connect whatever we are doing to a deep topic.
As I was playing Jenga, it just hit me. The same way that we strategize every move while playing the game, we should think and strategize every move we make in our life. When we make decisions without thinking through them, it often leads us to regretting the decision, or wishing that we had taken more time to think about the choice we made, and how it will impact us and others as well. Personally speaking, I tend to move very quickly when making decisions. Sometimes, I make irrational decisions off of urgency, instead of being patient. Can anyone relate? Just like in Jenga, making a decision hastily could potentially cause all of the blocks to fall down, thus losing the game. In life, making the wrong decision could possibly affect us negatively down the road. So I caution us all: we should take our time when making decisions. Do not be afraid to wait on saying yes to things, in order to obtain the best result possible. Patience is a virtue.
The other lesson I learned from Jenga is a little deeper, but just as effective. We need to be people that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.456642
Retrieved Text: This contemporary improvisational quilt is our second in a series of easy modern quilts made from fabric strips. The blocks in this quilt are made from only one strip size (OSS). The cutting is super easy! All you need is 3" wide strips.
There are 30 blocks in the couch quilt. (The quilt shown on the cover.) With this pattern we show you a technique that is only possible with THANGLES. You make what we call a T-Log. This unit eliminates seams, does not waste fabric and speeds up construction of your quilt.
This quilt has 2 block patterns. Each block pattern starts with the same units. When you sew the blocks, you can arrange those units in many different ways. It sounds complicated, but it is really very easy. You can sew the block in just a few minutes.
The project pack includes the pattern and a pack of 2.5" Thangles.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.450378
Retrieved Text: I started these yesterday from my jelly roll quilt along scraps.
I actually like hexies without a specific design. Can be fun to simply enjoy their color. Love yours. And a great way to use up scraps.
I am making a hexagon quilt now. In making mine I am doing so by making pattern blocks of 12 hexies. 4 rows of 3 hexies. Each time I finish a pattern block I think.. This would make a great mug rug.. If only I have a few left over when I am done. I have to make 167 pattern blocks to finish my quilt, so I have along way to go right now. Perhaps yours would make a nice mug rug for a Christmas gift for someone.
Maybe they will make an interesting addition to another quilt!
Very pretty! I'm sure they will be made into something FAB!
Tula Pink fabric always makes me smile!
I was going to plan some hexies as a take along for when we travel at Christmas. But I couldn't find any of the plastic ones so I guess that won't be happening. But I have some hand embroidery to do on some blocks so I will have handwork to do.
I love this post, Vickie...a lot of my hexies seem to have no purpose, too...but it's okay...I know they will some day!
I love hexies too..They are such fun to make!
They look really pretty just laying there. I'm sure you will make something awesome with them.
I just think they're super cute! One of the other giveaways is a mug-rug made

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.44928
Retrieved Text: Last week we were made up to have been selected as one of 21 lucky finalists all hoping to be selected as Play Patrol Agents for Bigjigs Toys. We can’t celebrate just yet, with one final hurdle ahead of us, we were sent a top-secret mission to complete and with the help of the Wooden Safari Animal Building Blocks we set about putting fun to the test.
On first glance, the Bigjigs wooden safari animal building blocks look bright, colourful and very visually appealing for little ones. The main attraction to the blocks are the fun safari animal faces and prints which allow you to build up the safari animals in a number of ways. There are 32 wooden blocks to play with including some plain multi-coloured blocks for adding dimension and expanding the fun possibilities.
Little Mr and I have put fun to the test with the blocks by initially building up towers and obviously, him knocking them down again. He thinks it’s a great game and will happily spend a good ten minutes watching me build up the towers (with a little bit of Little Mr’s help passing me the blocks) and then knocking them down and clapping his achievement once they’re on the ground.
We’ve also spent time exploring their shapes and seeing which blocks fit well together. We liked to build the six safari animals (bear, giraffe, panda, tiger, lion and hippo) looking at their patterns and I made their distinctive sounds as we’ve been slowly introducing animal sounds to him recently. His favourite is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.444592
Retrieved Text: Make a note of the total amount of blocks (10485760) because we need it when we shrink share later on.
Resizing the filesystem on /dev/fileserver/share to 13107200 (4k) blocks.
The filesystem on /dev/fileserver/share is now 13107200 blocks long.
Resizing the filesystem on /dev/fileserver/share to 10485760 (4k) blocks.
The filesystem on /dev/fileserver/share is now 10485760 blocks long.
We can ignore the warning that data might be destroyed because we have shrinked the filesystem before.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.43749
Retrieved Text: Once you start making your quilts I’m sure you want to learn more about this beautiful art.
Once you become a quilter, you want just to keep making more quilts, it doesn’t matter how big or small they are, you just want to make them all, mini, small, medium and big quilts even king size quilts.
This is why you will never get bored of making quilts, there are so many to make and each one of them so pretty you just want to make them all.
What is a Journal Quilt?
When I learned about making quilts, yes I know “it was a long time ago”, we, quilters just had quilts magazines to read about quilts, quilters and different ways to make them.
How lucky we are we live in modern times and we have internet, we can visit so many great quilting blogs and learn a lot from quilts and quilters.
So many new quilting stuff to make and we just want to make each one of them, but at least for me that is not possible, to make them all I must have lots of free time and lots of money.
One day I was lucky to read about Journal Quilts, so I read you can make a different blog to try a new quilting idea, pattern or technique at the end of the year you will have 12 blocks and you will learn 12 different techniques or 12 different patterns, that was a good idea.
How big should you make each one of those blocks?
As for regular quilts, we should

================



======= Instance Index 522 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are warmer or colder ):

When particles move more quickly, temperature is higher and an object feels warmer.


When we move around a lot do we feel warmer or colder?

Target Text: warmer

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.530756
Retrieved Text: Today was the second day of ASB and it was a tiring day. I feel that today we made a difference in someones life. When I say I feel, I mean physically feel. Today we actually got to do some hands on work in a house that was damaged by Super Storm Sandy. The work was tiring and exhausting but very rewarding at the end. Although today was the first time we were working on someones house I feel that we did a little something to help out those who are in need.
The day started out very early, earlier than when I have school. It came to mind that most people my age are probably sleeping in on spring break and were here waking up earlier than usual but I guess this is the least we can do to help out those around us. After a well balanced breakfast we were off to work, we met a representative from All Hands and we got to work. Contrary to what many people think, the work that we were asked to do was really physically demanding work, and all of us were eager to help out in any way we could. In retrospect I hope the people who lived in the house get to rebuild and move back in once it is safe for them to do so. When looking around the neighborhood virtually everyone’s house was being worked on. Although a lot of time has passed since Sandy hit the damage is still visible all around.
Today has

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.2863
Retrieved Text: Getting A Moving Estimate: How Much Does It Cost To Move?
When you are preparing for a move, there are a lot of moving parts that factor into your planning, financing, and organization. After deciding where the next place you'll call home is, the most important factor in a move is going to be the cost. You can get an online moving estimate from a local moving company or request a quote over the phone, but before you do those things, how do ensure the most accurate moving estimate that helps you avoid any last minute surprises?
Do You REALLY Need Professional Packing Services?
In many cases of moving, you can probably get by with packing up your belongings yourself. However, in just as many cases, professional packing services can save you time, money, and a whole lot of effort. Whether you're packing up valuable antiques or just have a lot to do with very little time, packing services could be the answer you've been looking for.
When it comes to a big move, it can feel like it is one hassle after another. For many, there is no easy way to move. The idea of packing up all of your belongings without losing or breaking valuables in the process is daunting. After many years in the moving industry, we have experimented with different strategies and tactics to make our clients' moves simple and pain-free. Through this process, we have been able to identify some of the best moving and packing tips that we are going to share with you.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.148876
Retrieved Text: I’ve always known this, but the more inner child/shadow work I do, the more I realize the brilliance of their function.To understand what an emotion is, it’s important to be still and allow yourself to empath the nuance and subtly of what the moment FEELS like. When I do this, even if I’m sad or angry, I realize the feelings themselves are not painful — they are beautiful, enchanted movements of energy that act more like paint than solidified, unmovable road blocks.
Emotions create our auric landscape — the screen around us by which we allow our physical bodies to either feel safe and soothed, or nervous and inflamed (which is what it looks like in the body when we resist where we are and ignore, bypass, or judge our emotions).
Tuning-in to the emotional body, for me, feels like a beautiful underwater enchantment. The waves of emotional vibration are completely fluid, which means if we FLOW with the vibrations, we can move through them with ease and grace. This is part of opening the heart chakra and learning self-trust. It’s an aspect of emotional mastery. It’s our power.
What does it feel like when you tune-in to your emotional body?
If you were to simply feel, without judging any emotion that may arise, what kind of picture would your emotions paint around you? Tuning-in to the emotional body is one of the fastest ways to tune-in to your power. It’s an excellent way to get an idea of how energy is moving around you and what you are in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.780067
Retrieved Text: Workplace wellness is all the buzz these days. We know sitting is the new smoking so we need to sit less, move more and on and on. But for anyone who works in an office, putting in a traditional 9 to 5 week, it’s hard to actually do most of what we’re being told.
For example, how are you going to stand up more if your job requires you to sit in front of your computer all day?
For many of us, there aren’t a lot of opportunities during the working day to get up and walk around. Not unless you want a lot of strange looks from co-workers or worse, your boss.
So how do we bring more movement into our work day without setting off alarm bells that we are skiving? It takes a bit of stealth.
1. Stand on your way to work and on your way home.
Obviously this is only for people who don’t drive to work. If you take public transportation, stay standing during your commute. You can even do a bit of stretching while you are standing there. Gently tilt your head to the left and hold for thirty seconds, then repeat on the other side. Do this forward and back too. Also, make fists with your hands and then stretch your fingers out and repeat as many times as you can before you feel fatigue in your hands. You can do this stretch with your hands while you walk down the street too.
2. Drink more water and when you are in the bathroom

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.72048
Retrieved Text: Here at Boulder Community Health, we've developed a system-wide self-awareness practice and we call that P-A-R.
PAR is a practice of self-awareness.
It's about being in relationship with every person, every time. It stands for: Pause - Assess - Respect.
PAUSE: Take a moment to pause and breathe before any interaction. Don't we all deserve to just take a breath? Sometimes, that's all that's required to clear our minds before the next interaction.
Being a better listener in our organization has a lot to do with slowing down: Just taking that breath. Pausing, and then assessing, gives you time to listen.
That interrupts what we habitually do, which is move so fast and go from task to task, to really being aware of whose in front of us, aware of ourselves and aware of how important it is to really take in the people that are around us.
Ultimately people feel cared for in that. They feel they are really being listened to.
It creates a lot of resiliency for staff; it makes people feel a little bit more satisfied in their job; and it makes our patients, our families, and each other feel like someone has really taken a moment to see who they are.
ASSESS:This mean that when we encounter a person or situation, we take a few moments to try to read the person or what's going on in the room. Are people feeling emotional? Tense? Anxious? This is so important in health care when we are often trying to do important work efficiently. It reminds me of an environmental services

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.531954
Retrieved Text: Although I enjoy celebrating with loved ones, the added activity to my already hectic schedule creates a pressure cooker of overwhelm, where I start to feel depleted and grumpy. I’ve discovered many others feel the same.
Luckily there are ways to balance wanting to do all the things with all the people and keeping our sanity.
I call it the art of being compassionately selfish. Although it may initially seem counter-intuitive when we put our needs first, we are kinder, more generous and a lot more fun at parties.
Consistent alone time – Whether it’s for five minutes or an hour, give yourself time to just “be” every day. Let go of the to-do list and focus on your breath or a mantra like “let go” or “love.” Lock yourself in the bathroom if you have to.
Move your body – Go for a walk, dance like a fool, wrestle with your dog, have a good laugh. The activity doesn’t matter so much as just moving and having fun.
Allow yourself to be you – It’s OK to feel tired and grumpy, to not want to go to another party, or to feel sad or lonely during a time when most messages we receive demand we be chipper. Give yourself permission to experience life in your own, unique way.
When we are kind to ourselves and allow ourselves to show up to life exactly as we are, we give the people around us permission to do the same. We connect more deeply with others because we’re being our authentic, sometimes messy selves.
Through

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.428507
Retrieved Text: Friday Tidbit-Keys to getting your house ready to sell | JW's Financial Coaching-Giving you a new perspective on your money!
As many of you know already from listening to the podcast, my wife Lisa and I are in the process of selling our condo. The reason is pretty simple; we’re looking to move into a bigger home as we are currently outgrowing our current place and we are expecting a new child at the end of October. After a lot of hard work our condo is currently on the market and we have had a few showings. In the process we have learned a lot from getting our house ready to show.
When going through your home in preparation for getting your house show ready you have to go through every room and area and clean up. That means you even have to go through those areas that you have been neglecting and putting off, including that junk drawer that keeps growing and that one closet where you just dump stuff you don’t want to deal with. If you are like us, you will soon realize that you have a lot of junk and you really don’t want to move all of it. When this happened to us we just decided we needed to recycle it, give it away or throw it away. After doing that long enough we realized that there is no point in keeping a lot of stuff around the house that we weren’t using anyways and that we should have thrown it away a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.309366
Retrieved Text: 6 things to do this Spring to help you feel more motivated, positive and rejuvenated.
We'll start with the first thing that comes to mind. If you're anything like us, a messy house equals a messy brain. We feel agitated and can't concentrate when things need to be done around the house. So putting a day aside to dust, hoover and clean, is so important to us. The same can be said for having clothes or things lying around that we don't wear or use anymore. We always take a big sigh of relief when we've gotten a bunch of stuff together and taken it to goodwill. Doing this also makes us happy, as we hope our items find good homes and can make someone else smile.
Spring is a time for new beginnings cue a bit of High school musical; 'It's the start of something new, it feels so right to be here with you...' ahem OK we're back. The world is so fast paced and nowadays, if we can be so bold to say, most of us spend quite a lot of our time staring at our screens trying to keep up with the world around us. Take the time to stop and listen. Pay attention and focus on who's in front of you, what they are saying, what they are asking and really listen. Listen to the birds as you're walking, listen to your friends, your family, your partner. Take in what they are saying, don't be in a rush to speak or move on

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.235174
Retrieved Text: If you’re looking for house cleaning services near Edmonds that will be the key to giving you back more of your time and keeping your living space livable, you’ve come to the right place.
At A Clean Sweep we’ve been dusting, polishing, and vacuuming to our heart’s content for many years. When it comes to professional cleaning services, we’re a leader in the local market, and pride ourselves in providing an extra level of personality while working together.
Building relationships is important when you’re trusting a cleaning agency with your home and belongings. Once you meet our cheerful, licensed, bonded, and insured team members you’ll feel immediately at ease having us tidy up your home!
We offer a lot of services, many beyond a bit of dusting and floor washing. House cleaning or even apartment cleaning is our passion and we do it well.
Not everyone loves to clean but at A Clean Sweep we hire staff members who do. Our Edmonds clients have been noticing for many years the passion that sets us apart. After all, who doesn’t get some joy out of seeing a spotless room?
Whether you need us there throughout the job or just upon completion, we’ve been able to help many homeowners clean up after extensive renovations.
Remodeling is a lot of fun, but can leave dust in the area, dirt in unexpected places, and spare debris lying around. Our residential cleaning services aren’t just for that weekly tidy, we can handle the heavy duty jobs as well.
We all know how difficult moving is. Do you really

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.179157
Retrieved Text: A frequent complaint about aikido is that it requires vast amounts of clear, smooth mat space for the aikidoka to move around and fly and roll across. I suppose this is a remnant of the personal styles and preferences of some of the masters of prior generations in how they preferred to do demos. But it is just not true. Any of the techniques in aikido can be done large and flowing into projection, or small and abruptly throwing straight downward into control.
The aikido we do (coming from Tomiki Sensei) was much influenced by Kano's ideas and interactions with Tomiki. I've heard it said that one of Jigoro Kano's pet theories about physical education is that large motions are more appropriate for beginners and small motions are more appropriate for experts. (Incidentally, Funakoshi said the same thing about karate-do.) So, it would make sense that our preference for large flowing motion and projection was intended by the old masters to be appropriate for beginners. But at some point you have to move beyond the beginner exercises (I think we generally have a problem with this in a lot of ways in our aikido, but that's a post for another day).
#1 - katatedori katagatame - is an interesting shoulder rotation trick in order to get sufficient motion without moving the feet much. It is also a controlling action rather than a projection idea.
#2 - ryotedori gyakugamaeate - is an interesting hip shift offbalance to induce uke to move his feet so that tori can step into uke's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.166067
Retrieved Text: You know those days when it feels like you're just...spinning your wheels?
Have you had enough of those days? Do you just want to use your time efficiently so you can close up the laptop and move on… to family, friends, a workout, dinner, a walk in the park, Netflix, whatever?
This is a quick tips list. A lot of these strategies are easier said than done. That’s true of most things when you’re living with ADHD. In some cases, it’s hard to remember to do them. In other cases, itsemotionally uncomfortable.
But keep these ideas in your awareness so that when it’s possible for you to use one of these strategies, you’ll be more likely to do so.
of bells, whistles, dings, pings, and electronic chimes that we live in today.
But we can feel more focused. We can get more done.We strive for progress, not perfection.
When you’re ready, you might consider how community, structure, and accountability will help you reach your goals for getting more done. Join our Facebook group or check out Focus Forward.
Remember! We seek to get more done so that we can experience greater ease and joy in our lives without worry or guilt.
Put boundaries around your time (beforehand).Announce time limits that you’ve set. Announce them to yourself and to others. I need to leave at 6pm. I have 10 minutes. We have to wrap up in a half hour. Set a timer and abide by your predetermined time frame. This may not translate to getting more done but it should greatly help your focus. You’ve

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.07239
Retrieved Text: It can sometimes feel like a lot of work to breathe. Like you don’t have enough air for everything you want to say.
And no matter how much you think of your diaphragm, a truly deep breath isn't always easy.
Breathing is a whole bodied experience in which we allow air to fill our bodies, filling a vacuum that we create by getting bigger.
There are some misconceptions about both our ribs and diaphragmatic breathing.
First, our ribs. They get to move.
But when you see a skeleton like Max, it doesn’t look it. We even call it a rib cage, which is a terrible name, because cages don’t let things move.
In fact, that’s the whole point of ribs!
Each rib wraps around one half of your body.
As you breathe in, each rib moves up, swinging like a bucket handle, and increasing the space of your chest cavity.
You have ribs moving this way from above your collarbone, beneath your armpit, down your side, all the way down to your low back. It’s actually a lot of movement-- so see if you can allow that movement, feeling with your hands if you’re letting all ribs move in all those places.
We think of "engaging the diaphragm," usually pushing our stomachs out to engage it. But that’s not how it works.
Your diaphragm is the main driver of breath.
The diaphragm is a dome-shaped muscle that stretches along the bottom of your chest cavity.
It engages every time you breathe (no pushing required).
And when it engages, it descends from the middle of your rib cage down toward your

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.063828
Retrieved Text: What is Singapore Doing to Cope with the Future?
In face of the challenges of a growing city, the potential issues surface around densely populated cities signal the need for strategic plans, and building a smart nation could be the solution for the future. Steve Leonard, former Executive Deputy Chairman of IDA Singapore and current CEO of SGInnovate, shares with HQ Asia how IDA envisions the future of Singapore towards a smart nation.
What are some of the challenges around the movement of people from rural to urban cities?
It is well known that there is a big migration of people from rural environments into cities, causing the population density of cities to increase. The complexity of issues like public safety, energy, water and food increases as the cities become densely packed.
This brings us to IDA’s work in Singapore, in how we move, protect and care for people. These implications too, become bigger as more people move into the city. If we look around Asia, we see that a lot of cities here are becoming denser in population versus other parts of the world. This also explains why Singapore is trying to become a leader in tackling these challenges arising from a densely populated area, building people, talent and companies.
What do you see as the future of cities?
As cities become denser, we have to keep thinking about challenges like health and education, and we look at how technology can enable solutions to these changes that people are comfortable with. In other words, technology can solve a lot of challenges

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.03896
Retrieved Text: When you need a lot of space but at the same time want creativity and functionality, then a kitchen like this one might be what works best for you. We have adequate shelving and storage, while at the same time we have plenty of floor space for folks to move around. This would be a great kitchen for a bigger family that uses the kitchen together a lot. The island adds a lot of extra counter space, which is great, while at the same time providing a great spot for prepping food. The dominant white coloring makes the space feel even bigger while the black trim adds some much needed contrast.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.992882
Retrieved Text: More New Yorkers call Brooklyn home than any of the five boroughs that make up The City. With the diversity of neighborhoods and the wide range of attractions, it is easy to see why. So a lot of people like to move here, not many move out, and plenty of folks just move around from neighborhood to neighborhood. Whatever the move you plan to make, New York Local Movers is proud to be the Brooklyn movers people turn to. We can handle any move, large or small; any distance, around town or cross country; and any type, home or business. We move Manhattan too.
As a trusted and experienced local Brooklyn moving company, we know that moving the valuable things in your home or office can be stressful and complicated. That’s why we strive to make your moving experience a positive one. Our system of planning, packing and labelling reflects our attention to detail and cooperative approach to getting the job done. New York Local Movers will get all of your belongings to where they belong, on time and without damage. As diversified Brooklyn local movers, we also move offices, and we strive to make sure every work station is in proper place at its new surroundings. Since we work nights and weekends, we’ll be able to have your business back up with little interruption. We seek to make your Brooklyn local moving experience a breeze rather than a chore.
Not only do we move families and businesses around the city, we are experts at interstate moving. No

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.97231
Retrieved Text: After I left London escorts I became very ill with a bacterial infection which I picked up when I was on holiday in the USA. It caused a problem with my overall health, and despite various treatments, I did not seem to be able to get my ﬁtness level back. In the end, I decide to change my diet, and after careful consideration I became a vegan. Now, I feel a lot better about myself, and I am a rather different person from the girl who left London escorts a few years ago.
Not only have I lost weight, I also feel a lot sexier. The truth is that a vegan diet can give you a much better lifestyle, and make you feel a lot healthier. I have ten times more energy now than I did when I worked for cheap escorts. Energy is just so important when you want to live a productive life and keep busy.
Even when I worked for London escorts I was a really busy person but now I am even busier. My vegan diet really helps me to keep my energy levels up, and when I open my eyes in the morning, I am ready to go. When I worked for London escorts, I was a real ﬁtness fanatic but now I take my ﬁtness even more seriously.
Since I left London escorts and switched to a complete vegan diet, I have started to take part in sporting events and I can’t believe that the new me is really me. I feel fantastic

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.949774
Retrieved Text: For some people, moving is an easy choice. For others, it might take a lot of thought, willpower, and extra motivation to move, even if it’s just across town. But sometimes, a move can actually help you get a fresh outlook on life. If the time is right, if there’s opportunity waiting, or you just need a “fresh start”, a move can be just the ticket to jump-starting a new phase of your life.
But make sure you are moving for the right reasons, and not the wrong ones. How do you know?
Employment: A new career, a promotion, a new company – a new job opens up lots of possibilities. Some people’s employers ask them to transfer to a new location. Whether it’s a brand new job or a transfer, it’s nice to know that the paychecks will keep coming when you move.
Needing more space: An apartment or small house might work well for one person, a couple, or a family of three, but as families get bigger, they need more space for their possessions and for their children to have room to grow. If you feel cramped, or have several generations living under the same roof, moving to a bigger house is going to feel good, as long as you can afford it, of course.
Getting married: When you say, “I do,” it’s very likely you will want to find a new place to call your own. Nothing is as exciting as finding that first home as a newly married couple and putting in your own personal

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.923714
Retrieved Text: This beginning sound movement game is an exciting gross motor activity that helps children learn to identify beginning letter sounds. My kids had a blast with this game!
My kids love to move! Especially my son. He is on the go all the time. So we do lots of move and learn activities. These are always favorites with him.
This one is super simple. You don’t need any supplies at all! I almost feel like it is too simple to share. My kids absolutely love it though, so I figured it was worth sharing with you all.
All you need is some open space so the kids can move around a lot. The more room they have to run, jump and act silly, the better!
All I do is call out “Act like an animal that starts with the letter…” Each time I name a different letter. My son usually has to think for a bit and then he thinks of an animal that starts with that letter. We say the beginning sound out loud and then the kids begin acting like that animal.
My toddler can’t identify beginning sounds or letters, but she adores doing this activity with her older brother. She watches him and copies how to pretend to be that animal. She may not understand the literacy portion, but I feel like it is a great way to introduce her to letters and sounds through play. It’s also a great way for her and my son to develop gross motor skills like running, crawling, jumping and more.
I like

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.899508
Retrieved Text: This is a big question for a lot of people - what am I here for? What is my purpose, and how do I live it? The short version is that your life purpose is to shine your energetic frequency, and from bringing your frequency, your life path and work will reveal themselves. We are so focused on doing in our society that it can be confusing to understand how simple this is; but through focusing on our energy first and shining our unique frequency, we find our inspiration along the way and life the life we were born to live, day by day.
What a funny topic this is - I have spent months knowing this is something I want to talk about, and yet until recently didn't feel ready because the truth of it wasn't integrated into my reality and consciousness. Now I'm ready.
To love everyone, move into the heart center, and exist there.
Our minds are what cause us to believe we are separate, and to pass judgement on others as "safe" or "unsafe". But when we move into the heart, we see that we are eternal and ALL are safe because WE are safe - we can never be created nor destroyed. Our Heart space is only interested in existing in pure love and allowing that pure love to radiate out to others around us. No one is exempt - not the president, nor those who seem to be hurting us, nor our family members or our somewhat tenuous friendships. Divine love is an

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.810717
Retrieved Text: A friend of mine did his MBA and was working at a well paying job after that. But, the thing he loved the most in the world was to code. So, he quit his job, went back and did a Master's in Computer Science and is now coding away at one of the best companies to work for.
This isn't a common story that you see. That si because a lot of us are in the mind set of sticking it out. Despite everything that we know about sunk cost.
Sure, there are times when we need to stick it out before giving up and exploring something else. But that isn't the best course of action by default. In fact, that isn't the best course of action in a majority of cases.
I was watching the movie, Moneyball, over the weekend. It is a movie where a baseball General Manager (Brad Pitt) ushers in a new way of picking baseball teams, based on statistics instead of traditional scouting.
Mid way through the season, when the team is doing poorly, he asks Jonah Hill, who is the economics graduate powering the logic behind the statistical models, "Do you believe in this?" And when he says that he does, Brad Pitt then tells him, "Then don't feel like you have to explain things to people."
This is a case of sticking it out. Brad Pitt decides to stick to the original plan, and it turns out well in the end. And this is a movie based on a true story of Billy Beane.
Often,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.78571
Retrieved Text: Time to work out those legs!
Okay, so this one is a doosie. There are all kinds of balance, coordination and leg burn involved with this move! I tried it and omg, it is not easy! However, you can feel the work (read: hot fire burn) pretty quickly! The lovely lady in the video makes it look quite easy but there is a lot involved from staying balanced to getting your leg all the way around to simply just keeping it upright. 🙂 This is a great leg toner for anywhere!
Have you ever tried the Fire Hydrant Leg Exercise?
OOOH I ACTUALLY DO AND LOVE THESE.
Those look great! I can’t wait to get my legs toned!
Artadorned recently posted…We are flying around the world to bring you amazing content!
I love this exercise. I usually do it on my hands and knees but I love the balance challenge here!
This would be a great one for me because balance is so important to me. I can totally be a flamingo at times, and other times, my brain psyches me out!
Tamara recently posted…FROZEN Inspired Grape Pops.
When I first saw the post title, I had visions of the 80s move on all fours. Standing up would be so much more difficult!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.772789
Retrieved Text: 2017 Toyota Tundra - This truck is one of my favorite trucks that we have purchased. I love the room.
I wanted to get a pickup truck that had a nice and roomy backseat for the kids. I love all the space the kids have, even the youngest in a car seat. I do not feel like I have to move the front seat up for her to have a lot of leg room.
We enjoy hooking the boat up to the truck and going out fishing on the river. The kids love to ride around on the boat, and this truck makes towing the boat so much easier now.
I love the ride and feel of the truck. It is a quiet and smooth ride for being a large truck. I feel like I can see out and around me well while I am driving it.
I wish it go a little better gas mileage. It is not awful but could be a little bit better.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.725595
Retrieved Text: I was born in Zimbabwe, in a city called Mutare. It’s an evergreen city with beautiful views, especially on Christmas Pass, which is probably one of the most famous tourist attractions in the area.
I live in Delft, on the outskirts of Cape Town.
How did you come to be in Cape Town? And when did you first move here?
I came to South Africa from Botswana – where I had been living for a while – in 2007. So, I’ve been here for almost 10 years now.
Have you ever gone back to Zimbabwe?
Yes, I’ve been back three times and hoping to go again in December this year. I’m also hoping my mom can come and visit at some point.
I was very excited about the idea of the 2010 Soccer World Cup and hoped that coming here would help me find greener pastures.
My mother is in Zimbabwe, living in a rural area called Buhera. But my son and my brother came to join me in South Africa in 2009.
What did you do when you first arrived in the city?
It was difficult to find a good job at first. I started working at a small coffee shop in Durbanville, but had to find something else to make ends meet, so found a job as a housekeeper and childminder.
I do a lot of things, but my main occupation right now is running a kitchen, called The African Deli with two other Zimbawean ladies.
How did the idea for The African Deli come about?
It was actually born through a Facebook group, where Zimbabwean

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.691988
Retrieved Text: Hi Ben, I'm wondering if you have any tips for tonguing. I feel like my tongue is quite sluggish and never does exactly what I tell it to do! I've avoided telling my teacher about it since she lets me choose a lot of the music I do, so I just choose music that doesn't have that much tonguing in it! (I'm in Year 11). I've heard about double tonguing, but maybe that's a bit advanced? Thanks!
When you're thinking about articulation and tonguing, remember that the tongue has muscles in it. So we need to train those muscles and learn how to use them as efficiently as possible.
My advice with any sort of practice where you're developing a technique is to set yourself some goals - with this one, you can do something as easy as playing your scales at a certain metronome marking (say 4 notes at crotchet = 60 as an example) and then tell yourself that every day for 2 weeks you'll increase the metronome by 1 or 2 notches. In 2 weeks you'll be tonguing around crotchet = 80 which is a dramatic increase! My rule for this sort of thing is I have to get it right 3 times in a row before I can increase the metronome marking!
The other thing to know is that articulation actually has a lot to do with air, so just be aware of how fast you're blowing while you're working on this and experiment a bit.
I think you're right with that for now, we can

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.610558
Retrieved Text: The whole world smiles at you.
Some of you may have read one of my facebook posts a while back on smiling, but this time I am going to dig a little deeper. Why do we smile? Let’s look at all the situations when we usually smile, shall we?
First, the obvious, we smile when something makes us happy. For me, there are a lot of things that make me happy. Sleeping until my alarm goes off, hitting all green lights on my way to work, having the dishes done when I get home, a large thunderstorm, the smell outside after rain when the sun peeks out, Christmas music, a big mug of coffee, and the arms of my loved ones wrapped tightly around me. There are a lot more, but you get the idea.
Next, we will move on to laughter. We laugh when something is funny, and usually we smile in the process. I can think of several things that make me laugh. My husband and daughter make me laugh a lot, along with the rest of my family. A good, clean joke, anything vulgar just makes me roll my eyes; will usually get my belly a jiggling. I also love watching romantic comedies. They can get me laughing in a wonderful way, like a laugh/cry.
And finally, let’s talk about one that really gets my blood pumping. A time, when to me, it should be implied that we all smile; for pictures. One of my biggest pet peeves is when people don’t smile for pictures. I don’t

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.60237
Retrieved Text: Hello all, once again I find myself being lax with this blog and once again I apologize. I have been lost in thought lately as life is going to be changing a lot around here. I am not sure in which direction I am going to go with my work and it has caused a lot of indecision on my part. I really miss making huge intricate pieces of fiber art. I know they don't sell. I know they take countless hours and really they are priceless in my mind. That does not take away the desire to create them. They are my true art. They were never about the money and the few pieces I did sell felt like I was parting with my children. I am just not wired to make simpler works. Even when I tried to just make simple tarot bags they ended up being overly elaborate if only in the fact that I would satin stitch things by hand, taking hours to do something a machine could do. I like having my little shop on Etsy and selling some fabrics. It gives me a bit of pocket money and makes me feel productive but it is also not filling that hole inside me that wants to be filled with tiny stitches and sprays of beads flowing down a swirl of color. It simply cannot replace that. So where to go from here?
We are at a moment of possible big change here. A move is talked of. The start of a new

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.589613
Retrieved Text: Back in September, we reported that director Jon Favreau, fresh off his box office blockbuster The Jungle Book, will return to Disney to direct their live-action adaptation of The Lion King. Jeff Nathanson came aboard last month to write the screenplay, and while no plot details have surfaced yet, Jon Favreau did recently reveal that he plans on using virtual reality technology while filming The Lion King. In another interview, the filmmaker also teased that he plans on shooting both The Lion King and The Jungle Book 2 back-to-back. Here's what he had to say about how the VR technology has changed over the years, and how he used some VR tech on Jungle Book, but plans to use a lot more in Lion King.
"A lot of the simulcam and motion capture technology that we use here, a lot of it was innovated around the making of Avatar, and hasn't really changed much, because there's just not a lot of consumers. There are a lot of people who watch, but not a lot of people who use the technology. So we were finding ourselves building around technology that hadn't changed a lot in the last 10 years. But now as we're exploring what is being developed for VR, and game engine technology, a lot of that was used to some extent in Jungle Book, but as I look forward to developing this process further, there's a lot over overlap."
During his interview with Coming Soon, the filmmaker revealed that he had first gotten into VR while working

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.582268
Retrieved Text: ← Why is Decluttering So Hard?
How to Let Go of Things That Hurt Us.
We all have things that hurt us. I’m not talking physical hurt, but emotional hurt. Especially the ones caused by items we surround ourselves with.
You know what I’m talking about. It’s those items that bring up bad memories each time we look at them. They may remind you of hateful words said by the person who gave you the item. Or remind you of an embarrassing event you’d rather forget.
There is also an emotional hurt called guilt. How many times do you feel guilty about wasting money on supplies for a sewing, craft, or home improvement project you never finished. Your intentions were good when you bought those things but you never got around to finding the time to complete them.
I know I’ve had many items like this that have caused a lot of painful guilty feelings.
If you look around at your possessions I’m sure you’ll see some things that bring up bad feelings. Maybe they are bad memories, guilt, or anger.
Why am I keeping these things?
Do I feel I deserve to be punished?
Do I feel I don’t deserve to be happy so I keep these things around to punish myself?
Emotional Ties – What Are They?
Emotional ties to an object can be either good and bad. But when they affect our lives in a negative way we need to question why we continue to keep the items.
Here are few things that are hard to let go of and the reasons we use to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.575472
Retrieved Text: Learning how to relax in the water and relax when swimming is a vital component of learning how to swim. If you are one of those people that find aspects of learning how to swim like floating and breathing quite stressful, then you have come to the right place.
Being 'at one' with the water helps to ensure that everything we do in the water and when we swim is second nature and therefore not stressful.
Instantly Download THE Swimming Book for Beginners.... and relax.
Relax, float and discover how your body behaves in the water.
The Complete Beginners Guide to Swimming is the book to support you all the way .
Submerging completely under the water is a great way to learn how to relax. Grab a pair of swim goggles, put them on your eyes, take a deep breath and down you go.
What do you see? Everything very clearly, so you have a very clear perception of where you are and what you are doing.
What can you hear? Not much if anything. All is peaceful and quiet.
Now try slowly moving about. Notice how gracefully you can move, almost like moving around on the moon without gravity. That is the water trying to support and lift you.
Obviously you can only do this for as long as you can hold your breath, but the more you do it, the more you get a feel for how your body behaves in the water. As you get more of a feel for the water you will start to get an idea of your

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.574112
Retrieved Text: Move Forward! You Haven’t Failed!
Keep moving forward, learn from the past, and a dream home may be possible!
Sometimes when things don’t go the way we’ve planned, we think we’ve failed. I know a lot of people who sit around and stew about mistakes they’ve made, goals they didn’t make, and success that eluded them.
Heck, I used to be that person. I spent a few years really beating myself up for a “failed” marriage and a “failed” career that I’d treasured. What did that get me? Nothing.
I finally turned things around by looking hard at what I’d gotten out of both those “failures.” I got two great kids out of the marriage, and I learned many skills at that job, such as speaking in front of thousands of people, managing virtual teams, and working through confusing management initiatives. All those things have really come in handy.
I took what I could out of those events, then I used what I learned to move forward and make a new life. It’s a great one, actually!
Well, sometimes our goals for owning property don’t work out the way you hope they will. Maybe circumstances have made it impossible to keep up payments. Maybe you can’t do the upkeep needed to sell a house for top price. Maybe you inherited a property and just can’t do with it what you wanted to. Or maybe you want to buy a house, but can’t get a loan.
Are you a failure? No. Not at all. When things come easy, so many people treat it as

================



======= Instance Index 2182 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are bigger or smaller ):

If you are standing on the shore and a ship is going out to sea, the ship gets smaller as it moves further away from you.


When we see something far away it looks bigger or smaller?

Target Text: smaller

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.587313
Retrieved Text: Of course if you haven't already, let me know your favorite locations of DotX down below!
It looks like what Miles' is up to is starting to take shape... But why bring around Speedy? Will we even know right away?
I don't know why, but Miles just started reminding me of Clemont (from Pokemon).
@Darth Escar; when you think about it, they're both similar in many ways, for example, they both make thing that explod in about 1-2 minutes.
I think you uploaded this page as 318 and 319 both. ???
I can see that! I remember when Clemont was first shown off- The similarities to Miles struck me right away. I've always seen him as closest to Cheren though, as far as Pokemon characters go.
WOOPS thanks a ton! Fixed!
Oh my GOODNESS CU THAT'S FANTASTIC!!
First of all I LOVE that art style! The way the outlines are darker around the edges looks SO cool, especially on their 'ears' and Goo's flower! You did such a fantastic job making them look really liquid-y! Lovin' those eyes too.
As for the idea of them combining, it's something I've played around with in my head in the past, and it's super cool to see a fan's idea of it! I had always imagined a sort of purple colored combine that looked a lot more plain- This cotton-candy-swirl color scheme looks so good! The four eyes/arms touch is excellent as well! Thank you!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.377485
Retrieved Text: Why do people sometimes say that when we look at stars that are very far away that we are "looking back in time"?
This is because of the finite speed of light. When we look at objects that are very large distances away from us, the light that is hitting us now will have started from the object quite a long time ago, so in effect we aren't looking at what the object looks like now but what it looked like some time ago (when the light was emitted).
For example, Proxima Centauri, which is the closest star to us (other than the Sun), is about 4 light-years away. This means that the light we see from it now left the star about 4 years ago. Something catastrophic could have happened to the star within those four years and we can't know about it yet (but that's unlikely, by the way!).
Similarly, even the light you see from nearby objects is slightly delayed, but since the speed of light is about a foot per nanosecond (billionth of a second!), the finite speed of light doesn't matter much in everyday life. However, you may notice it on TV broadcasts involving communication between people who are on opposite sides of the Earth. It takes time for the signal from one person to reach the other, so you may observe a slight delay between one person's question and the other's response.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.925194
Retrieved Text: Riley has developed quite the sweet tooth in his older age. It all started when Tums started disappearing off of his dad’s night stand a few months ago. Now he has a taste for the sugar and just can’t fight it! We had a cake sitting on the kitchen island for a few days, covered. Something must have happened where he caught a whiff because we returned home and the cake had been licked as far as that tongue would go. He could not reach to bite so he licked an entire quarter of the cake in the time we were gone. He was very embarrassed and whined a lot when we took his picture.
Posted July 20th, 2013 .
Riley is adorable! He looks sorry. He at least saved you a little.
What a cutie! He looks ashamed for what he’s done, haha.
Sweet tooth, sweet face. Riley, you are adorable.
I bet with that handsome face, you could get away with anything, Riley!
So that’s why it tasted so good.
The leftover fragment looks like it said ‘Happy Birthday, Riley.’ Maybe that’s what he thought too?
He did it as a public service. He didn’t want you, his beloved owners, to get fat. Yep, that’s what it was.
Now he needs extra walks to get his weight down.
Oh pup. Sttrech those toes. There may be many feasts awaiting you. Lol.
However – I must also make a comment on your home. It looks LOVELY from what you can see in the picture. Interior Magazine ready. Wow!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.90787
Retrieved Text: Your shop is beautiful. I wish I were near by to visit!
Beautiful pictures! I LOVE Hellebores and have added several varieties to my gardens in the past few years including a couple of very special doubles. I fear mine are still snow covered also. Can’t wait to return home and check them all out. Looking forward to the spring show in April, last years show was wonderful.
Dirt on your hands?! Lucky you! Just the sight of all those flowering plants made me smile. Thanks for the breath of Spring.
Your nursery is amazing. I live much too far away to visit but I was wondering if you ship. Hellebores are one of the few things the deer don’t eat. I definitely need more.
What a lovely festival atmosphere you have created! I am forwarding this to some area friends who might love a look, in my place. If I were not up in the U.P., I would so be there at the door!
I drooled over the pictures!
Oh what beautiful morning! I want it all.
Love, love ,love the shop! It looks beautiful! I also wish that I wasn’t so far away. I adore your blog and have it as my daily bright spot. I am thankful that you are a happy place for me to go when i need something lovely and interesting to inspire me! thank you!
oh wonderful ! a big kiss to you, to Rob and to the cute toad !
Congratulations on creating an oasis of Spring. Your store looks so beautiful and tasteful, I am sure

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.755596
Retrieved Text: Antoinette wears her skirt too short for some and her voice too loud for most, but she takes coats, seats patrons for light suppers before the symphony and has history with too many married men who glide their Blackglama’ed wives with a light hand to their seats while giving Antoinette a brief nod that says, yes, I know us, I know you’ll say nothing, of course I’ll call.
She wants to know who recommended us so I tell her, and even though she hesitates, there is a smile as she scribbles a note inside a matchbook that I don’t read then or even later when I slip it into my coat pocket.
When I see the doorman the next day it occurs to me he looks more like a fireman than a doorman, so when I call him aside, tell him, this – offering the pocketed matchbook from Antoinette at the Café Allegro – this is for you, he takes it with confusion until he reads the note and smiles like a man who’s known Antoinette far away from the Café Allegro and far away from the curb at the William Penn Hotel where he hails cabs fiercely like he’s fighting a backdraft, and I see the history of their night or their week or that one regretted refusal settle on him before he says, thanks, and looks on the back of the matchbook for a continuation that isn’t there, that even he doesn’t expect, and again he says, thanks, and I look away because their history is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.73119
Retrieved Text: What my kids see… Pure poison ?
Anyone want some soup this week?? I have extra ??
Looks delicious. I just made some last week.
My kids won’t touch soup either. I can’t understand it. I lurve hot soup.
I would take it if we didn’t live so far away. The sickness has hit the stovers ?
If you’re looking for a good workout/ something to warm you up after dropping off your kids-come to Bootcamp 9:30 at the Y!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.542038
Retrieved Text: Look at something that is far away. It might be a tree or a building. Be sure it is something that is sitting still, not a car going down the street. Now, close one eye or cover it up with your hand. Stretch your hand out in front of you and stick up your thumb. Move your hand until your thumb covers up the distant object. Now, change eyes. Open the closed eye and close the open one. Look at your thumb and the distant object. It has moved!!!! Did that tree really move? No. Did your thumb move? Not unless you moved it. What changed was the path you were looking along, because your eyes are an inch or two apart.
Holding your thumb in front of the object again, (good exercise isn't it), switch back and forth with your eyes. Right eye, left eye, right eye, left eye, etc. It will seem that your thumb is jumping back and forth. Notice how far it jumps. Now move your thumb close to your nose. Start switching your eyes again. Right eye, left eye, right eye, left eye. How far does your thumb seem to jump now? Much farther. The closer an object is to your eyes, the more it jumps. The farther away it is, the less it jumps. This can be used to tell how far away something is.
But what if something is VERY far away? Then it would move so little, we would not be able to tell. For that we need to move

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.05681
Retrieved Text: Statistically, I’ve got 40-something years before I die. That’s a good chunk of time to do important things, make something of my life, etc. But it doesn’t matter how successful or interesting or happy my life may be. In each moment, whether it be used for industry, pleasure, or loitering, death is moving steadily closer. It may be far away and it may be moving slowly, but it is always moving.
When I was a child, I thought up the most horrifying science fiction plot I could imagine. A probe, a hovering black mechanical probe is hunting me down. I imagine it looks something like the mind probe that approached Princess Leia for her interrogation. (It was likely the horror of that brief scene that inspired this idea.) The probe is not moving quickly. I am in no immediate danger. I can outpace it by simply walking. The horror is that the probe never stops. No matter what I do or where I go, the probe continues slowly toward me. I imagine that it might surprise me the first time I encounter it. Perhaps I barely escape its instrument of death. I run away and then I watch it from a distance. I realize that the only way to keep it from killing me is to get far from it. I go home, and quickly prepare to travel far away, to the other side of the world. Somehow I manage to get a flight that same day, and as I sit on the airplane, just before it

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.975279
Retrieved Text: Here we go true believers, the first look at Spider-Man: Far From Home. Judging from the trailer, it looks like this takes place after Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame. Especially since Spider-Man was “Snapped” from existence. Oh, and that exchange with May and Happy – what exactly did just happen?
This time around our friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is swapping out the location of New York and will be spinning webs across Europe. Is it too late to call this Spider-Man: International?
Of course, what would a trailer be without giving away a few surprises? Mysterio, a long-time villain of Spider-Man, shows up in a pretty badass way. He’s definitely not the Mysterio that I remember from the comics. He also can fly? And appears to be playing the part of the hero? He also can fly? When did that happen? Then again, he is the master of deception and illusion, so you can never tell with that guy. Our favorite one-eyed spy, Nick Fury, also makes an appearance and looks to replace Tony Stark’s mentorship with Peter Parker. Showing him the ropes and possibly turning him into the Ultimate Spider-Man. It also looks like Nick is back in charge of SHIELD, judging by how he’s dressed. Maybe something occurring due to Avengers: Endgame? I guess we’ll have to wait and see.
Spider-Man isn’t without some changes of his own. First and foremost, his suit now features the wings that made their debut in the comics. He doesn’t use them as much anymore but was cool to see them

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.94312
Retrieved Text: As far as proposals go, this one might take the cake.
Becky McCabe and Jessa Gillaspie were at Memphis Zoo, where they had gone on their first date (awww) with some friends, one placed to film the proposal.
McCabe got down on one knee with a ring and asked Gillaspie to marry her, that's when things got EVEN BETTER.
Gillaspie screams 'Oh my God' and looks to run away, but you then see her grab her bag and struggle to get something out.
That's when you see her pull out a small box, a small ring box.
Gillaspie had planned to also propose. Now that is one like-minded couple.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.878782
Retrieved Text: Objects suggested: Items that represent different textures.
We touch many things with our hands. A pencil feels smooth. When you touch a stone you can sense how hard it is. A pinecone is sharp and may prick your finger. On a cold day it feels good to wrap your hands around a cup of hot cocoa.
Sometimes we are reluctant to touch something that looks creepy, like a slug, or a crawly bug. We may decide not to touch something because it is too hot, too cold, or too dirty.
In the Bible there is a wonderful story about the importance of touch. At that time some people had a disease called leprosy. Now we have medicines that cure leprosy, but at that time there was no way to make the disease go away. Because leprosy could be passed from one person to another, people with leprosy were made to stay far away from other people. No one touched them. It seems this would have been a very unhappy way to live.
A man with leprosy came to Jesus and asked to be healed. Jesus did not make the man go away. Jesus stretched out his hand, touched him and said, “…Be made clean” (1:41).
The story tells us that “immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was made clean” (1:42).
Jesus touched the man in two ways – he touched him with his hand and he touched him with his love. We see the love of Jesus in action as he touches the man whom others would not let get

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.59631
Retrieved Text: Things Loki can recall off: birds, rabbits, foxes, eating poo.
Things Loki finds difficult to recall off of: the bush.
Took the dogs for a little walk this morning and found a new little free-running bit (helpful, since we’re moving in 2 weeks). It was very nice and grassy. Lu and Mal were both on lead with me (Mal has been taking Loki on naughty little adventures so he’s lost his off-lead privileges for a little while) and Loki was off. Generally he runs fairly far ahead but I can still see him and he stops to alert me/show me if there’s something interesting ahead. When we were heading back (via the main track) a fox ran across the track and Loki started trundling toward it (and by trundle, I mean he was running but it wasn’t a Lu-style hunting sprint, more of a “hey, what was that!?” kind of curiosity. I casually called him and he turned right away and came. Then, not 10 seconds later, a rabbit ran across the path up ahead and he saw it and his response was to TURN AROUND to come back to me!!! Woah.
But… when we got off the track and into the bush, he was gone.
Off the hill and far away.
Which made Lu all angry cos obviously he was going to go hunt ALL THE THINGS without her and made Mal all squeaky because HE wanted to be running somewhere too and made me all angry because WTF, where did my puppy go?
So we did a couple of recalls

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.49815
Retrieved Text: When Kym Ackerman, 32, went in for her regular dental check-up on March 25, the hygienist didn't find any cavities, but they did see something else: The image of Jesus in one her left-side molars.
"At my dentist, the computer shows the X-rays as soon as they are taken," Ackerman told The Huffington Post. "I said to the hygienist, 'That looks crazy! Do you see I what I see?"
The hygienist agreed that the shape inside the molar did indeed look like Jesus and added, "I never see anything in anyone's teeth."
The dentist wasn't as impressed.
"He was very serious," Ackerman said. "He looked at it, said, 'Oh yeah, I see it,' and started looking at my teeth," she said. "He wasn't as excited as we were."
Besides the joy of seeing Jesus in a cavity-free tooth, Ackerman had other thoughts running through her mind.
"My mom passed away from breast cancer when I was 17, so when I saw this, I thought, 'That's my guardian angel.'"
Ackerman is planning to frame the Jesus Molar X-ray, but admits she feels extra pressure to practice proper dental hygiene.
"I definitely don't want to get a cavity in that tooth," she laughed.
So far, Ackerman's X-rays are getting positive reaction from her family and friends -- except for her 8-year-old daughter, Madison.
"My daughter wants to be famous and when she found out I was going to be interviewed by The Huffington Post, she cried, 'You're going to be famous before me!'"

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.487972
Retrieved Text: ​Superior vision is an asset! We birders (aka birdwatcher) and hunter know how important it is!
​For improved vision sometimes we need something more than binocular and something that’s next to a telescope. That’s where a spotting scope comes in all of our minds.
But, it has a controversial question too! How far can you see with a spotting scope?
So, in this article, we’ll find a perfect answer to this controversial question. So, let’s get started. Shall we?
​A controversy never ends with a small explanation. You can’t find a solution if you don’t know about spotting scope. So, we think, you should know some basic facts about spotting scopes then we can solve the controversy. So, scroll down and enlighten yourself.
​How Far Can You See With A Spotting Scope?
Do you know, why spotting scope is so popular? It because a spotting scope is something that offers better features.
When hunter found that, they may need something more powerful than binocular with the portability, spotting scope starts becoming popular.
Let me give you an example, can a binocular capture 500 yards with excellent image quality? No, it can’t but with a spotting scope. It’s possible.
However, the answer is based on some considerations and facts too if you can understand and crack all these then congratulations! You can how far you can see with a spotting scope.
1. Magnification: The magnifying lens is the heart of the spotting scope. It’s the only way to know how far you can see through magnifying. Suppose you’re using a spotting scope which has 50X magnifying power.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.416069
Retrieved Text: Thought I’d share the part of the process I’m most involved in. Designing the characters for this game went through a few iterations. At the beginning I took a completely different approach to what I usually do and decided to put down some shapes straight away. The main brief was small, cute and something that would look fun jumping around, ideally with a tail.
Basically I just put down a medium-ish sized brush and just let the shapes come to life. Fleshing them out and adding a bit of colour led to below.
There were some ideas there that I could have gone with but wasn’t entirely happy with any of them. So I went back to square one and the good old, old school way, just sketching out various ideas. Eventually, my fellow devs came to decision to work on something based on the Monkey King after much discussion. This led to the last line of designs.
I decided I liked something between the two on the bottom left and so developed these into below, which is what the final design looks like.
However, we had already built the prototype and when we implemented this version, it turned out to be too large for the spaces we had already worked out, and shrinking it made it far too small to see it details, rendering it a little weird. Realising that it didn’t quite fit the aesthetics we had already established with the BGs and the platforms we went back to the ‘chubby’ version.
The process definitely taught us compromise, and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.39407
Retrieved Text: Facebook allowed me to keep up a connection or link between my best friend and myself when he moved away to California. We both really wanted to keep our connection or bond to each other strong even though we were so far away, so Facebook was a great way to do that. Even though it is now many years later, our connection or tie of friendship has stayed very strong, and we even see each other every summer. It is much easier these days to keep connections with other people who live far away, since the Internet can more easily bring us all together.
Quiz: Try again! What is a connection?
It is something that drives two people apart for quite some time.
It is something that binds two things or people together.
It is something that people often wish for but only sometimes get.
A connection is a link, joining, or relationship between things or people.
A connection is a “tying together” of two things.
The Love Connection The show that tries to connect people!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.362482
Retrieved Text: Another Ladybug larvae in “transit” – we’ve never had so many of them around!
One of the last Rhododendron photos. From April 30th, when it was comparatively freezing – yesterday it was 30°C, today it’s a humid 29°C. When this photo series finally reaches June, I’ll continue it as Summer Flowers, but that’s still about two or more weeks away!
The Lily that looks like an orange Starfish… :-).
Another Panorama of Mülheim’s main railway station, seen from the other side of the Eppinghofer Strasse. On the left is the embankment with the active railway line and the station platforms, in the middle is the old station building – which used to have a big sign with HAUPTBAHNHOF on the front before it was removed during the recent renovation and on the right is the second, disused railway viaduct with the office buildings behind it. You can even see one of the inner city highrise buildings on the far right. This panorama is only spoiled a little by the police van parking in front of the station building – shortly after I took this photo, a couple of policemen came out and put on something which almost looked like riot gear! Then they went into the station – I have no idea if this was a raid or they just wanted to get something to eat, but we didn’t risk going through the station and instead walked a short detour ;-).

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.288082
Retrieved Text: Here we go! Baby bump in all her glory! I've always been one for a lose fitted outfit, but pregnant, I am a thousand times more comfortable in a form fitted dress. I just feel more at peace with my body pregnant. I'm that lady. You just stop being mean to yourself when you are pregnant, because every time you feel your baby kick, you are just completely amazed at what you are capable of. To think I am creating a human without actively having to think about it, is the most amazing thing in the world. My bump state went from "you're barely showing!" to people rubbing my belly within possibly 2 weeks. I'm pretty curious as to how big this girl can go. Cause I feel like max capacity can't be far away.
I LOVE getting my makeup done. It's like having a massage for me. Maybe growing up in a world where I would get my makeup done on sets made me so used to it that there's something about sitting there while someone touches your face that completely relaxes me. But when it comes to doing my own makeup I get so bored. Like... when will this be over? Don't get me wrong, I can handle making up my face; it's mainly trial and error, and a lot of just rubbing stuff around until it looks right, but it works out. I'm just not going to enjoy it unless I'm also dancing to bubble gum pop music. Fake music videos while getting ready?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.284945
Retrieved Text: NewTek Discussions > LightWave 3D User Community > LW - Gallery - Finished > An elegant weapon, for a more civilised age..
View Full Version : An elegant weapon, for a more civilised age..
Wow! Love the design of the first one! Great render too!
Nice. What is it? A light sabre? I'm so pissed at Lucas right now for the last two star wars that I'm trying to forget.
BTW, how did you do the diamond grip on the first one? Looks good.
Great work btw. But here's the bit that I don't get. Star wars is supposedly set in a "distant gallaxy, a long time ago, far far away". But the Light Sabre object looks very modern, like some unknown object you might find in a hardware shop, part of a shower fitting or something like that. Especially the phillips-head screw on the side and the rubber hand-grib. All of the bits and pieces that have gone into it's construction look very Earthly, not like something created in an Alien world. What you've done looks great, but I'm just struck by that thought as I look at the work.
We all know that Jedis use Flathead screwdrivers. Nice realistic renders.
aaah now you see this is something I have thought about myself at one point or another but when you really think about it they have really got most bases covered..
the thing to bear in mind first of all is that most of the SW universe is humanoid and possesses primarily 3 or more manipulative digits and some sort of oppressive

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.271584
Retrieved Text: Should universities give students unconditional offers of acceptance?
Recently this practice has come under increased scrutiny after it was revealed that the number of unconditional offers issued by universities was increasing and that the students who received the offers often miss their predicted grades. Would students be better off, more resilient, if they had to earn their place?
As a Christian I believe that we have all been given an unconditional offer in Jesus Christ. We haven’t earned this place, yet if we accept it, it will change our life forever and open up opportunities beyond our wildest imaginations.
The offer reflects God’s confidence in who we will become with his help, rather than what we have achieved.
Maybe it is time to consider his unconditional offer of grace?
Did you see the pictures from the Yutu 2 “Jade Rabbit” lunar rover this week?
If you are a fan of space exploration (and who isn’t?), these pictures are not to be missed as the Chinese rover is the first chance we have had to see what the far side of the moon looks like at ground level*. While previously we have had pictures taken by satellite of the far side of the moon, this is the first time we are able to see it up close, and experience what it is like to travel along its stark landscape.
Space has often been associated with the divine and mankind has often tried to see God, but can we ever truly know what God is like? Is God too far away? Is our image too

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.267464
Retrieved Text: Sometimes you just need to get away. To just rejuvenate your mind, body, and spirit, and take a break from society. A cozy little house tucked far away in the woods is perfect to do so! Just think - a cozy country house in a natural woodland setting, a rustic, crackling fireplace, and most importantly, peace. No people around. Just you, your little house, and the woods. What could be better when looking for a retreat from society?
Looks like home in the clouds.
mom, im going out shopping. see you next year.
Its looks like they are at the edge of the earth!
How beautiful is this house?.Wow!
Bugs... I feel bugs all around.
with a little footbridge too!
I will take anyone of them!! I'll adapt.
Stunning, all of them. Give me any of these houses, plus my PC and an internet connection... Bliss.
Forget the PC and Internet connection. I'd go to one of these places to get away from all that nonsense. I may consider a radio or something to play the odd movie or music on, but good books and a guitar is all I really need in a place like this.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.22926
Retrieved Text: Chris looks at the marketplace for Wednesday and the attached video as we present our NZD/USD Forecast. The New Zealand dollar fell initially during the course of the session on Tuesday, but found enough support below the 0.68 level in order to turn things around and form a bit of a hammer. With that being the case, the market looks as if it could bounce from here, but quite frankly we think this is an opportunity to sell at a higher level. If we break higher and above the top of the hammer, we will ignore the buying signal, and look to start selling.
The 0.70 level above looks to be a bit of a ceiling, and as a result we believe that any failure to maintain a rally between here and there will be a nice selling opportunity. A resistive candle will be used off of short-term charts in order to fine-tune our entries, as the 0.68 level will be targeted again.
We believe that the NZD/USD pair will eventually fall away down to the 0.65 handle, based upon the New Zealand economy being so dependent on exporting agricultural commodities. With that, it appears that the slowdown in the Chinese economy will have a negative effect on New Zealand, and that of course will continue to make the New Zealand dollar less attractive as we should see continued punishment as far as commodity currencies are concerned. It’s not just the New Zealand dollar that we are looking for some, we think that most commodity currencies will get

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.173845
Retrieved Text: The rapture is tonight (hypothetically speaking).
The dead will rise at 23hoo London time, and those who are still alive will be changed and taken up at 24hoo London time.
Attitude toward fellow brothers and sisters in Christ/humility/selflessness.
The second group has to sweat a while longer while the armies of Pharoah are fast approaching them.
Which regular contributors at Bible Forums get to go with the first group?
PS According to the rules of this thread, you're not allowed to put your own name in the first group.
This could be a very funny thread? Since I am a post tribbers though mine will be purely in jest anyway.
Lets see how impish can I be.
Hmmm, I got a can of worms from moonglow so I'll put her in the LAST group lol.
Apothenein Kerdos... philosophical dude so he'll need time to think it over:rofl:-definitely second group.
Neither. I'll be leaving at 23hoo London time.
Didja know Kiwis go up first? Thats cuz we are next after the international dateline.
Excepted from 1st Book of Dragonfighter1, chapter 1, verse two through 6.
He's landing in England first. Something about wanting to see the jewels of England (or was it the jewel which IS England(yes that's it). Oh yes, and then Area 57 (Something about Aliens but he said the US Govt refused to tell even him), after that he said planning is still a bit too dodgy to divulge, but all Brits are special and the rest of you lot are just lucky he is so kind..
:oYou antipodeans need to escape first. I've seen what your spiders

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.157843
Retrieved Text: If Horizon Zero Dawn isn’t on your radar, it needs to be. Guerilla Games is stepping away from first-person shooters and is jumping into the action role-playing genre. Most of us saw the impressive E3 trailer depicting a unique take on a post-apocalyptic world.
Yesterday, the team at Guerrilla Games put together video showing how the reveal trailer progressed from storyboards to a breathtaking trailer.
I love these behind the scenes looks we get from a game in development. Halo’s The Sprint seasons are fantastic, and I hope this is just the beginning of something similar with Horizon Zero Dawn. You can see how many of the storyboard scenes directly translate to the trailer. Other scenes see smaller changes.
During Paris Game Week, Guerilla Games gave us a more in-depth walkthrough of Horizon Zero Dawn. We see more of the game’s HUD and the RPG-esque background systems such as floating combat text and experience bars.
Mark Norris, Senior Producer at Guerilla Games, is quick to point out the UI isn’t final. But the tribal influences on display will carry over in the final game.
It’s a solid walkthrough that showcases what Guerilla Games is focusing on with Horizon Zero Dawn. It leans a bit more into RPG than I thought from the footage we had seen so far.
Norris promises more Horizon Zero Dawn footage next year. “We’re going to show you something brand new and something huge next year,” says Norris.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.143707
Retrieved Text: Showing results for tags 'adi-216'.
Without any serious vectordrawing app for the Ipad available, I’ve been waiting for Designer for iPad. When the release was announced yesterday I immediately bought my copy and started looking around to get a feel. I’ve been trying the triangular grids, and am not able to snap at them. When at one zoomlevel a point seems to be close to the gridpoint, after zooming in or out the same point is far away from the same gridpoint. See attached images. It looks like the displayed grid is some kind of approximation, and not exact. When zooming in or out I see the grid moving. I’ve tried with millimeters and points as units, with the same results. Triangular grid doesn’t stay in place and I can’t snap exactly to gridpoints. Using a normal square grids seems to be working perfectly, but for some drawings the triangular grid is very helpfull, if it would work well. Am I doing something wrong, or missing something? One other remark about the UI: In the snapping (and other) options, it’s not really clear when an option is toggled on or off. The white ‘off’ position is brighter than the blue ‘on’ position, making it easy for wrong interpretations and making me constantly re-check. I’ll get used to it, but it might help users if there’s an unmistakable distinction between the on and off positions.
iPad pro Affinity Designer - Gird, snapping problem.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.117472
Retrieved Text: A holiday destination Jennifer? I lived in London for two years but never got there.
Yes, it looks like a great place to visit.
That’s really beautiful, Jennifer. Thanks for sharing!
Well, I was a little confused when I saw the title of your post Jennifer! As you know, Newcastle isn’t far from where I am. I tend not to visit much these days, not for the nightlife anyway (!) but It’s a small city with lots of beautiful buildings and interesting history. Most Geordies travelling home by train sigh with pleasure when we see the bridges over the river because it does mean home.
About 10 miles away Jennifer!
That is gorgeous. A little bit of Las Vegas in it, it seems.
It looks like a very happening spot! Love to visit.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.113035
Retrieved Text: Home → Blog → Orlando Villa Communities Map | See where all our Orlando Vacation Rentals are located.
Below is a map of the Orlando area showing you all of the Orlando villa communities we have vacation rentals on. This shows you where the communities are in relation to the Orlando theme parks and other local attractions. We hope this helps you choose your perfect luxury Orlando villa.
We have over 950 Orlando villas and vacation rentals to choose from, located on over 100 different communities. Some of the Orlando villa communities are very large with hundreds or villas, a clubhouse with lazy rivers and splash pools. Others are just a few streets with only a hand full of homes so we have something to suit all needs.
On the map above you can see all of the Orlando villa rental communities we have available as well all the Orlando theme park attractions this will give you a good idea of the area and location of things. But please bear in mind nothing is that far away even if it looks like it on the map!
The road system is excellent and it's very easy to drive in Orlando if you haven't driven there before. Personally I would always recommend hiring a car as it just gives you so much more freedom to explore not only Orlando but the Gulf Coast and Atlantic Coast Beaches which aren't that far away.
We will be updating this Orlando villa map on a regular basis as we add new communities. If you like this

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.112843
Retrieved Text: I did this project with Agathe Bailly and Olivia Bodez.
On the metro platforms, it becomes more and more common to see vacant advertising inserts. Usually, a large plain paper covers the insert.
We decided to reuse these empty spaces, to fill them with black and white typography (because it’s cheaper, and also because it looks different from other advertising, and it’s visually attractive). The concept is simple: from a distance, you read a question, something that reminds you something, or stimulates your imagination. When you get closer, you discover a selection of answers to the question, but it’s difficult to see the question, because you can mostly read it from far.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.040028
Retrieved Text: Up for some exploration? The End of the Sun [Official Site] could be something rather interesting although it's not releasing until next year.
A story inspired by Slavic mythology and legends. It presents the events occurring during the 4 major Slavic festivals during the 4 seasons far away from each other in time. Recreates mystical events, culture and people’s habits in an unusual way. The game is inspired by both adventure and exploration games with unorthodox riddles to solve, but the story-line is in the first place here.
Ethnographic museums scanned via photogrammetry – To get top-class graphics, we visited ethnographic museums where we scanned hundreds of objects and entire buildings, so you can admire them in the game the way they actually are. We also scanned the elements of the natural environment in order to get the most European Slavonic climate possible.
Travel in time – teleport between four periods far away from each other by many years, set in four main seasons (Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter). Get to know the stories of the same heroes at different stages of their lives.
Dynamic world, weather conditions, lighting – the time of day, weather and lighting change smoothly and dynamically within one day in front of your eyes as you discover other parts of the mystery.
Consequences of time travelling – certain elements of history and the world around you will open up to you only when you set the paths of fate and influence the future. Events from the past have an impact on the future.
Slavic World, its culture and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.036135
Retrieved Text: Rami Malek, recent Oscar winner, is in talks to become the next Bond villain.
Rami Malek is reportedly in ‘final negotiations’ to play the villain in the next Bond film. That’s a pretty good casting we reckon, there is something slightly odd about Malek, and he already sort of looks like he’s always plotting something.
Collider reported the news this week, after it was initially thought that Malek’s filming schedule for Mr Robot would clash with the twenty-fifth Bond, the working title of which is currently ‘Shatterhand’ which sounds suitably spoofy. What will it actually be called? Glassfinger?
We hope Malek’s villain has a novelty henchman like the Bond villains of old, at least some part of their body should be made of metal or wear a deadly accessory. That, and Daniel Craig pretending he likes playing Bond in press interviews is all we ask.
The shoot has been delayed by two months after Danny Boyle, the original director, left over ‘creative differences’ and True Detective director Cary Joji Fukunaga stepped in.
Bond 25 will hit cinemas next April and starts shooting imminently, but Malek hasn’t given anything away yet. When asked by ET about being linked to the project, he replied “We’ll have to see about that – it would be nice to play a villain, that would be another dream role for me. I’ve got to play so many great ones so far so who knows.” Suitably vague, cunning even, cunning enough for a Bond villain? Watch this space.

================



======= Instance Index 1237 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are a boat towing cable or a telephone cable ):

Thicker wires offer less resistance.


Which likely offers the least amount of resistance a boat towing cable or a telephone cable?

Target Text: a boat towing cable

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.666082
Retrieved Text: These downloadable PDF documents (to the right) contain an overview of the Small Claims Court Laws for the State of Maryland, which should be helpful to any of my fellow REO contractors who are having trouble getting paid in that area. Maryland’s court website is tons more helpful than most of the other states’s that I have encountered during my research.
If the dollar amount owed to you is less than $5,000, then Small Claims Court will most likely be your path of least resistance to a remedy for non-paying Property Preservation clients.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.960909
Retrieved Text: Special attention is given to design as well as the heat treating process to produce one tough screw! With a super sharp point and deep, biting threads, these screws will cut their way into just about any common hardwood you will use. There are many advantages of a Square Drive design. Bits are less likely to jump out of the recess and allow you to use more driving torque. Square Drive offers a positive “stick-fit” which tends to stay on screwdriver bit tip, which is handy starting screws overhead or from other difficult angles. The positive fit means your bits will last longer and you are less likely to damage the screw. If you have driven screws that fall off the bit then you understand what we mean! These screws are unplated and are coated with a specially formulated dry lubricant which reduces driving torque and offers a minimal amount of corrosion resistance. Color may vary due to variations in the heat treating process and may exhibit shades of grey, brown or black. Dry lube finish fasteners are recommended for interior applications only. Not recommended for use in ACQ® treated lumber. HIGHPOINT XT woodworking screws size #6 have a #1 Square Drive recess and #8 have a #2 Square Drive recess.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.603132
Retrieved Text: The v5 Firm Mattress offers tighter foam compression and firmer resistance for a dense sleeping surface. Posturization further reinforces the mattress by focusing on areas with the most body weight. Our firm mattress offers the least amount of surface give. If you prefer a more solid feel, a firm mattress may be your best choice. This mattress is perfect for someone who needs a firm yet comfortable option. Get a refreshing night's sleep at a cost-effective price.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.97837
Retrieved Text: If you had to pick a form of exercise that would likely have the worst impact on your gains, it would be slow, long distance endurance training (1) (e.g. 10 km running). Long, slow distance endurance training has a different adaption effect compared to resistance training. It doesn't result in a significant increase in strength and power, and it doesn't cause muscle to hypertrophy like resistance training does (1). On its own, the gains you would get are absolutely minimal, if any. Added to a resistance training program, it can interfere with the gains you could make in strength, power, and muscle hypertrophy. Training programs that include both slow, long distance endurance training and resistance training have been shown to produce less gains than programs that only included resistance training (1).
If you had to pick the worst type of slow, long distance endurance training, it would be running. Both running and cycling have been shown to significantly impair lower body strength, power and muscle hypertrophy gains, however, running impaired gains the most (1). When running, the leg muscles experience a very high eccentric load when the lead foot strikes the ground. This high eccentric load repeated enough times (i.e. a long run) can result in a high amount of muscle damage (3). This high amount of muscle damage is believed to have an interference effect with strength, power, and muscle hypertrophy gains. If you have to do some slow, long distance training, but don’t need to be good at running, then opting for other modalities such

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.93047
Retrieved Text: Inconel® 901 bar is a chromium-nickel-iron base, age hardenable superalloy designed for high strength and corrosion resistance at elevated temperatures. It is hardened by precipitation of nickel, titanium and aluminum compounds. Typical applications for 901 bar include gas turbine engines, and high temperature bolting.
Bar : 2.500" - 12.250"
* NIMONIC is a trademark of the Special Metals Corporation group of companies.
901 bar is non-magnetic, and generally offers high strength up to 1400 F, and oxidation resistance up to 1600 F.
901 bar is to ordered to AMS 5660 is supplied either solution annealed or solution annealed and aged, and may be machined in either condition. Good results are often obtained by rough machining in the solution annealed condition and finishing after heat treatment. Carbide tooling generally produces the highest cutting rates and is recommended for most turning operations involving uninterrupted cuts. High speed steel tools may be used for interrupted cuts, finishing to close tolerances and cutting with the least amount of cold work hardening. Care must be taken to ensure that a positive cutting action is achieved at all times, otherwise glazing (work hardening) will occur which will inhibit further machining.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.79145
Retrieved Text: The world’s current climate change is likely to result in an ever increasing risk of flooding for many UK properties. If you are in an area at risk, taking action now could reduce the potential impact flooding may have.
Resistance and resilience are the proactive approaches recommended by The Environmental Agency, resistance to reduce the level of water that can enter the property in the first place and resilience to lessen the damage caused.
Silicone based render is hydrophobic, effectively creating a layer of water repellence and can be applied to external walls of a property to improve water resistance.
Sealing floors and walls just above flood level prevents entry of water into the building.
Changing existing air bricks to a special flood prevention design that has an automatic closing device can increase flood resistance.
Non return valves automatically close when water or sewage flows back through them during a flood and can reduce the amount damage caused in a property internally.
Larger openings such as doors and windows can be protected using flood barriers. These may only keep water out for a limited period of time, depending on the water level, but can provide extra valuable time for the property at risk from flash flooding.
Keeping a supply of modern water absorbent sandbags on standby can be used to create an instant barrier which will soak up water.
Some floor coverings like tiles and solid wood are affected less by flood water than laminate flooring or carpeting.
When selecting fixtures and fittings, choosing products made from MDF and plasterboard which have low durability to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.50032
Retrieved Text: This product is a Custom Curve Track Section. This T400 Hauling Curved Section is fitted with a nylon filled guide section to ensure the hauling cable is guided round the curve silently and with the least amount of resistance. For use with electrically, winch or sash line operated curved T400 Curtain Track. We can curve any radius down to 500mm as standard. Camstage offers a wide variety of stage / theatre tracks suitable for any venue. Our range includes accessories, components and parts for Light to Heavy Duty track systems.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.418867
Retrieved Text: The Cybex Arc trainer is one of a kind and its bio-mechanics are unlike any other elliptical. The Arc Trainer design allows its users to eliminate the constant pressure applied to their knees and hips, through the unique mechanics designed only for the Arc Trainer. Club members and owners have given it rave reviews and because of the punch it packs by combining elements of a climber, cross-trainer and cross-country skier and like all Cybex fitness equipment, it’s designed to give the least amount of stress on joints while maintaining the highest level of performance. The award winning bio-mechanical design created by Cybex's own health and fitness scientists, protect user joints while mimicking our natural movements, as well as any other elliptical in the gym. The units boasts a resistance range from 0 to 900 watts which accommodates a wide variety of users—for those seeking a very low work rate to dedicated athletes demanding an extreme workout. Bilateral reciprocal movement of the footplates along an accurate path offers a natural motion for a relaxed feel at low resistance levels and provides high intensity training at high resistance settings. This cross trainer is a winner in every club and a treat for any home user or serious athlete. We sell this used cross trainer in remanufactured condition, so that it will look like it just came off the showroom floor. Not only will it look like new but function like new.
Dimensions: 67" X 30" X 59"
Features: Water Bottle Holder, Contact HR| Polar Compatible.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.924492
Retrieved Text: Game Text: Each Hobbit bearing a hand weapon is vitality +1. Each Hobbit bearing a follower is resistance +1. Each unwounded Hobbit is strength +1.
A potent and versatile condition, Little Golden Flower sees at least one copy in most Hobbit decks, as at least one of its trio of effects is likely to benefit the player during the game. Despite the card's uniqueness and heavy twilight cost, it is generally safe from condition discard, courtesy of Scouring of the Shire. The exception to this is Buckland homestead (Not a Shadow card, so Scouring of the Shire won't protect against it).
The first ability of Little Golden Flower is likely the most powerful. Since all important Hobbits tend to at least have a Hobbit Sword (Which is also protected by Scouring of the Shire), they will get a reliable +1 vitality, useful for exertion abilities (An example being Merry, Friend to Sam) and providing synergy with Everyone Knows. This effect also works on allies, so cards such as Bilbo Baggins, Retired Adventurer or Melilot Brandybuck can be used more times each turn. The card's synergy with hand weapons and vitality also help it to combo well with Hobbit Sword-Play.
The second and third abilities of the card are more marginal, although the extra strength from being unwounded also stacks with Everyone Knows, while the bonus resistance could aid a run to site 9, or synergise with other cards that use resistance (Sworn Companion, G for Grand).
This page has been moved, the new location is Little Golden Flower (15R148).

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.690361
Retrieved Text: Antibiotics have saved countless lives for the better part of a century, but these medical marvels may be approaching the end of their usefulness. Thanks to overuse, bacteria are rapidly evolving resistance to our best drugs, prompting scientists to try to develop new ones. Now, a team at Purdue University has found that a compound called F6 is effective at killing bacteria that have already evolved resistance to existing antibiotics. In tests, the new drug also seems less susceptible to bacterial resistance down the track.
The discovery and use of antibiotics was one of the greatest scientific achievements of the 20th century, as previously-dangerous procedures quickly became safe and infections relatively easy to treat. But after decades of overuse and overprescription, bacteria are fighting back, with more and more antibiotics becoming ineffective – including some of our last lines of defense. If left unaddressed, the problem is predicted to worsen until these so-called superbugs are killing up to 10 million people a year by 2050.
In an effort to stem the tide, researchers are searching for new drug candidates in places as varied as rattlesnake venom, tobacco flowers, honey, maple syrup, berries, fungi, and both human and platypus milk. Other techniques involve developing new bacteria-killing materials, gels, lights and coatings, weakening bugs genetically, or even enlisting predatory bacteria to fight on our side.
The Purdue team has now identified a new candidate, and tested its abilities to develop resistance. The researchers started by scanning through a library of chemical compounds for those with antibacterial properties, settling on one dubbed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.653854
Retrieved Text: Stella Price Analysis: XLM/USD Breakout Alert!
Stella was trading inside a descending triangle pattern and has broken below support, likely leading to a downtrend of the same height as the formation. The triangle spans 0.28 to around 0.75, so the resulting selloff could last by this amount.
The 100 SMA is below the longer-term 200 SMA to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside or that bearish momentum is picking up. The gap is starting to widen, reflecting strengthening bearish pressure. These moving averages are also close to the triangle resistance, adding to its strength as a ceiling in the event of a pullback.
Stochastic is already in overbought territory, which means that sellers are getting exhausted. RSI is also in the oversold region, so bears might be looking to book profits at this point. Turning higher could draw buyers back in, possibly leading to a correction to the broken triangle support before more sellers join in.
The dollar managed to shrug off weaker than expected retail sales data as risk aversion remained in play. Cryptocurrencies have been reacting to sentiment lately and falling when risk-off vibes are present. There are no major reports lined up from the US economy today so sentiment could push the safe-haven currency around, along with riskier assets like Stella.
Besides, the latest set of industry updates haven’t been too positive for altcoins. For one, the CFTC and SEC are stepping up their efforts to crackdown on potentially illegal activity, leading to speculations of possible exchange shutdowns. Another batch of negative reports

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.367336
Retrieved Text: Type 2 Diabetes affects around 95% of all diabetes patients, which makes it by far the most common form of the condition. Type 2 diabetes is caused when the body produces an insufficient amount of insulin for it to function properly or when insulin resistance occurs, which describes the failure of the body’s cells to react with insulin. Fortunately, the symptoms of type 2 diabetes can be controlled by monitoring blood glucose levels. Among the many symptoms that are associated with type 2 diabetes, excessive thirst, fatigue, weight loss and more frequent urination are common. However, not everybody who has type 2 diabetes will suffer symptoms immediately. One of the most serious effects of type 2 diabetes is hyperglycaemia, which refers to an increased presence of glucose in the blood. If left untreated, hyperglycaemia can lead to diabetic ketoacidosis and, ultimately, death. Obesity is commonly cited as a primary cause of type 2 diabetes.
Genetic predisposition DNA testing for type 2 diabetes is useful for identifying those who are most likely to develop the condition. There are a number of known causes or precursors to type 2 diabetes that can be taken into consideration when evaluating an individual, such as age, weight and ethnic origin. In respect to the latter, it has been found that UK residents of African-Caribbean or South Asian descent are at least five times more likely to develop the condition than a white person. Research has also shown that a genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes does exist, with variants in the PPARG

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.334211
Retrieved Text: The Revvll ONE mobile rope trainer provides continuous variable resistance on demand. It’s the perfect tool to support endless rope training movements for users of all experience types.
This modality is one of the most effective ways to train strength and endurance in the upper body and core. Rope resistance training offers the highest time-under-tension and a constant but adjustable resistance for pushing and pulling movements. The Revvll ONE is extremely compact, light, and can be anchored almost anywhere.
Robust, mobile rope trainer with continuously variable resistance setting. The Revvll ONE is the perfect entry to endless rope training.
Endless rope trainers (or rope resistance trainers) are probably the most effective way to train strength and endurance in the upper body and core. Rope resistance training offers the highest time-under-tension and a constant but adjustable resistance for all pushing and pulling movements. Revvll systems are extremely compact, light, and can be used almost anywhere.
Why you need endless rope training. Training with this rope trainer is more versatile than any other training form. Depending on your position towards the Revvll ONE and its mounting height, you have different pushing, pulling, and rotating movements that leave no muscle uninvolved. With the adjustable resistance the training focus can be shifted progressively between extreme strength and endurance. The unusually high time under tension, in combination with the unmatched freedom of movement, results in a maximum training of the upper body in the shortest amount of time.
The advantages of rope climbing. Rope climbing not only challenges your back muscles but also your shoulders, arms,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.11226
Retrieved Text: Hamas killed hundreds of children in the construction of its extensive tunnel network, built partly to carry out attacks on children across the Gaza border in Israel. That report–confirmed by Hamas itself–emerged in 2012, not from the Israeli government, but the sympathetic Journal of Palestine Studies, in an article that otherwise celebrated the secret tunnel system as a symbol of Palestinian resistance to the Israeli “siege” of the Gaza Strip.
The article, “Gaza’s Tunnel Phenomenon: The Unintended Dynamics of Israel’s Siege,” was published in the Summer 2012 edition of the Journal by Nicholas Pelham, who writes for the Economist and the New York Review of Books, according to his bio. It is receiving new attention thanks to Myer Freimann of Tablet, an online journal of Jewish affairs, whose post about Hamas’s use of child labor has gone viral in social media.
Pelham wrote that despite the economic success of the tunnels underneath the Egyptian border, which enriched Hamas through a thriving black market as well as arming it with new weapons, there were a few drawbacks. One of these was a “cavalier approach to child labor and tunnel fatalities,” he noted. “During a police patrol that the author was permitted to accompany in December 2011, nothing was done to impede the use of children in the tunnels, where, much as in Victorian coal mines, they are prized for their nimble bodies. At least 160 children have been killed in the tunnels, according to Hamas officials” (emphasis added).
Though some children likely worked voluntarily, the fact that there were public

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.059523
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'The Projects Forum' started by arunshan92, Sep 29, 2013.
Depends upon how fast you want the trike to move.
How does varying the voltage take effect on it???????
say will a 48v lead acid battery work?????
Apart from '1kW' we know nothing about your motor so can't answer those questions.
On level ground the principal sources of drag are wind resistance, tire rolling resistance, then everything else (bearings, power transfer, etc.), in that order. Air drag goes up roughly with the square of speed, and that will determine your top end speed.
Acceleration or speed up a hill is limited by simple physics, and you can get a decent estimate by just ignoring wind resistance.
It takes a fair amount of power to raise 200kgs up an incline; about 54 watt-hours for an elevation increase of 100m.
2 people is already close to 200kg. The trike frame with batteries, motor, steering, 3 wheels etc will be pretty heavy too. Budget for maybe 350kg total.
500W is totally inadequate for that size vehicle. Even a 1kW motor will give pretty poor performance, and you can forget 40mph. You may get a "fast jogging" speed 10-12mph.
Most likely your gonna need a motor larger than 10kW, probably closer to the power of a small car engine ie 50-100kW.
That seems a little excessive. A car with 50kW engine usually weighs around 1200kg and gets 0-100km/h in about 15 seconds. I think that 10kW motor will still be overkill for a two-person trike.
By law, my e-trike is limited to a 500W motor and a speed of 32km/h =

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.058344
Retrieved Text: A five-year field study evaluated 42 sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) accessions, 25 breeding lines, and 40 interspecific crosses for resistance to infestation and damage from larval feeding by naturally occurring populations of the sunflower moth, Homoeosoma electellum (Hulst) (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae). Accessions PI 175728 and PI 307946 had less than 3% feeding damage per head in all three years they were tested. Some interspecific crosses showed evidence of resistance; PAR 1673-1 had less than 2% seed damage in 2002 and 2003 and less than 3% in 2005. PRA PRA 1142 sustained less than 3% seed damage and STR 1622-1 had less than 2% seed damage in three years of trials. Breeding lines with potential resistance included 01-4068-2, which had the least amount of seed damage per head in 2002 (<1%) and in 2003 averaged only 2% damage. Line 01-4080-1, with less than 1% damage in 2002 and in 2003, was the least damaged entry in these evaluations. Hybrid ‘894’ was included as a standard check; however, it consistently had among the lowest average seed damage from H. electellum feeding. Our investigation showed the potential for developing resistant genotypes for the sunflower moth to reduce seed feeding injury and to prevent yield losses for sunflower producers. The development of germplasm with host plant resistance would provide another tool in an integrated pest management approach for H. electellum. Additional effort is in progress to use the identified lines to introgress resistance genes into cultivated sunflower through conventional breeding facilitated by marker-assisted selection.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.02446
Retrieved Text: Bitcoin price started a correction lately and went above $4000 range.
The current support lies at $3600. The price may likely fall down up to this point soon as predicted by analysts.
Bitcoin price recovered a bit to move above the $4000 range but the bear trend is still not over as a major bear trend line is set around $4300 resistance which may push the price down towards the major support of $3600.
The last month proved to be deadly for bitcoin and other major altcoins as huge losses were faced by the cryptocurrency market due to high selling pressure. However, in the last week bitcoin had a small recovery from $3500 to above $4000. Bitcoin was able to break the major resistance at $3700 and $4000 but moved back below the $4000 range soon. Yesterday bitcoin price showed a recovery again moving the price above $4000 but the amount of volumes being traded is far below than the volumes which took the price down last month and so a major bear attack is being predicted in the upcoming week.
Bitcoin price must break the key resistance around $4300 and $4400 in order to move further above but the resistance proves to be quite strong and may lead to a further downfall in price. If this resistance is somehow broken, the next major resistance lies just $100 above this point i.e. at $4500 which is also quite strong and breaking such strong resistances is nearly impossible at the moment.
Bitcoin is currently trading around $4176 according to CoinGecko with the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.927729
Retrieved Text: Are you living the optimal life? How are your energy levels? Do you operate at a high level of energy every day? One of the best ways to increase your energy is to practice the Law of Least Resistance.
You do not have to live a life of perpetual defeat, anxiety and poverty. By simply understanding the Law of Least Resistance and how it impacts your everyday life. You will be able to attract more positive and empowering situations, people and material things into your life.
The Law of Least Resistance is evident all throughout nature; you will never see a tree, a flower or anything in nature, struggling to grow. It simply grows. It’s doing what it was designed to do, and with the least amount of effort. It uses energy in the most efficient way, by allowing life to take it where it should go.
Have you ever found yourself resisting something that you don’t want in your life, for example poverty, sickness, pain, weight-gain etc? Your conscious mind knows the difference between a negative instruction and a positive one – but, your unconscious mind cannot tell the difference.
Most people activate the Law of Resistance without being consciously aware of it. When we persistently focus on something, we are in effect, ‘attracting’ it towards us. It is through our thoughts, and our beliefs that we invite situations, experiences, people, and material things into our lives.
Some people experience unhappiness, anxiety and fear in their lives because they ‘resist’ unhappiness, anxiety and fear. If you are continuously thinking ‘I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.900896
Retrieved Text: While the recommended amount of sleep varies from person to person, most people require at least seven hours every night. Cardiology centers in Beaver note that some can get away with six hours, but any amount less than that can compromise your heart and overall health. Sleep deprivation may not necessarily cause you to develop heart disease, but it increases the risk factors for the said condition.
When the body doesn’t get enough sleep, the heart is greatly affected. Lack of sleep slows down the metabolism, which causes challenges in losing unwanted weight. Sleep deprivation also zaps your energy and makes you feel tired, causing to avoid daily physical activity or any other efforts in becoming or staying healthy.
Good sleep provides benefits the moment you wake up. Apart from feeling refreshed and energized, quality slumber also offers a host of health rewards like reduced stress hormones, improved mental health, and a better immune system. Those who sleep for seven to eight hours, furthermore, have less anxiety and better concentration.
Quality sleep minimizes pressure on the heart, as heart rate and blood pressure declines while you’re sleeping.
Sleep deprivation can lead to increased C-reactive protein (CRP), a risk factor for heart and cardiovascular disease.
Too little sleep may cause insulin resistance, which is a risk factor for the onset of heart disease, Type 2 diabetes, and other chronic illnesses.
If you spend most nights tossing and turning, there are many things you can do to deal with the situation. You can start by exercising daily and developing a pre-bedtime routine, which may

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.893671
Retrieved Text: Sandvik Coromants latest is designed for reliable machining, from aerospace to general engineering.
Sandvik Coromant's GC1115 ensures secure and reliable performance in applications ranging from aerospace to general engineering.
GC1115 combines the durability and heat resistance of fine-grain cemented carbide with wear-resistance supplied by a unique PVD coating, making it effective for predictable production systems (i.e., where unstable conditions are not likely.) The PVD coating also allows the grade to maintain sharp edges over a longer time in cut, while optimized micro-geometries ensure high component precision at low cutting forces.
Sandvik Coromant also indicated that GC1115 is versatile enough to complete an entire component and increase active machining time.
The new grade is designed for finishing to medium machining in stainless steel, and medium-machining to roughing in HRSA and titanium. Sandvik Coroman offers it in various positive and negative basic-shape inserts, as well as the full -M, -G and -E tolerance range for different insert edge sharpness and CoroCut® angled inserts for improved access in aerospace applications.
The toolmaker said GC1115 joins its other PVD products, GC1125 and GC1515, which it offers for “green light production.” These grades are marked by improved wear resistance, closer tolerances and higher security, for lower costs and true, undisturbed machining.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.86266
Retrieved Text: Our Drench Resistance Test is a Faecal Egg Count Reduction Test (FECRT) designed to evaluate and assess the anthelmintic-resistance status of identified internal parasites on a property to a chosen range of oral anthelmintics.
Currently it is only for use in evaluating resistance of gastro-intestinal roundworm parasites in sheep and calves.
Pre-treatment faecal egg counts (FECs) of 12 animals are compared against FECs 10-12 days post anthelmintic treatment to calculate the percentage faecal egg count reduction for each anthelmintic treatment.
Larval cultures are used to determine which parasite genera were present at the commencement of the FECRT, and which of those parasites are resistant to any of the anthelmintic treatments.
The optimal time to undertake the drench resistance test is in the spring or autumn when parasite levels are usually at their highest, and when most of the parasite genera are present.
The drench resistance test is best performed on young animals (less than 1 year of age) as their less developed immune systems are likely to result in higher and more varied parasite burdens.
Animals to be used in the test must have been present on the farm for a period of at least six weeks. 12 will be required per treatment group.
A composite (mob average) FEC for the test animals must be at least 500 eggd per gram (epg), although a FEC higher than 700 epg is desirable before the drench resistance test can be performed.
On Day 0 individual faecal samples are collected from 12 animals for each anthelmintic being tested. They are ear tagged with numbered tags, weighed and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.822695
Retrieved Text: What is The hormone insulin Opposition?
A doctor might determine those who are likely to have got the hormone insulin weight which has a thorough affected person history, real test, in addition to lab tests.
On the whole clinical train, glucose levels along with fasting insulin levels provide the health practitioner using data as to whether insulin level of resistance exists, or you cannot offer, in affected individuals without the need of diabetes mellitus. An organisation a diagnosis are not to be manufactured simply according to this kind of, considering that the clinical systems for testing insulin shots can vary, and there's no numerical value for this is. Even so, a strong insulin shots degree previously the upper quartile within the going on a fast state in somebody without the need of having diabetes may be known as unusual. On top of that, a verbal sugar ceiling check (OGTT) can be used to recognize the hormone insulin amount of resistance and it's extra susceptible intended for detecting milder/previously disease. It calls for ingesting a well-known number of straightforward sugars in addition to calibrating blood sugar as well as insulin levels at baseline together with just one and 2 (and at times some) hours right after having.
Make sure you summarize your own experience with insulin level of resistance.
Exactly what changes to your eating habits include made it simpler for cope with your own insulin amount of resistance?
Absorbine Runners Foot or so, Absorbine Junior. Antimycotic, Aftate With regard to Sportsmen Feet, Blis-To be able to-So, Desenex Spew, Fungatin, Fungi-Shield, Genaspor,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.821009
Retrieved Text: On the other hand, there is good reason to believe that people with higher bacterial loads are more likely to respond to stressors with an elevated stress response. In this respect, stress may merely accelerate the inevitable onset of clinically observable disease.
Patients in the later stages of the MP have reported increased resilience, an observation which suggests that bacterial pathogens drive the stress response.
Epinephrine, a hormone produced in response to stress, is produced by at least one bacteria, E. coli, for communication with other members of the species (quorum sensing).13) A pathogen which uses the same signaling molecule the body uses for stress makes sense: E. coli would be able to spread more effectively during times when the body is weakened. The shared use of the epinephrine molecule may also explain, at least in part, by why those with chronic diseases (who carry high pathogenic loads) are sensitive to stress.
Motor vehicle collision trauma appears capable of triggering FM, but generally not through direct biomechanical injury. Instead, the evidence suggests that MVC trauma can act as a “stressor”… The evidence that motor vehicle collision trauma may trigger fibromyalgia meets established criteria for determining causality.
War offers a number of circumstances which contribute to the incidence and prevalence of chronic disease as evidenced by epidemiological studies.
There are a number of circumstances inherent to war which appear to drive the prevalence of chronic disease.
Physical trauma and stress – Fibromyalgia patients are more likely to report significant physical trauma prior to disease onset.24) 25) as are patients with psoriasis.26) Trauma, of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.73801
Retrieved Text: Most home window suppliers provide a number of kinds of glazing. The types vary considerably in insulation worth of the home window as well as the likelihood of condensation basing on the glass. Glazings can be secured (thermal pane) or unsealed. Secured glazing devices remove condensation in between glazings. All windows ought to go to the very least double-glazed.
Glass on its own is not a great insulator. Nonetheless stationary air in between panes of glass enhances thermal resistance (resistance to warm flow). The size of air area between two panes of glass influences the insulation value of the glazing. Insulation worth’s are gauged in RSI (statistics) as well as R (imperial): the greater the value, the better the product shields. Normal double-glazing with air room width of 12mm (1/2′) offers an insulation value for RSI.35 (R-2). In contrast, double-glazing with a 6mm (1/4′) air space offers only RSU.26 (R-1.5). Stay clear of glazings with an airspace of much less compared to 10 mm (1/2″), unless the area is filled with argon gas as this enhances the glass to be more power effective. A typical covered system contains 2 sheets of glass spaced about 12 mm (1/2″) apart. A desiccant (moisture-removing substance) is consisted of in the edge spacer to absorb wetness as well as the device is sealed around the outdoors side to stop air or wetness from getting in the air space.
If wet air locates its method right into the sealed air room, condensation could develop between the glazings. This is normally brought on by

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.663357
Retrieved Text: Q1. My blood sugar remains high (135 or higher) for 12 to 15 hours after I eat. My general practitioner says I have diabetes, but my ob-gyn has diagnosed me with insulin resistance. What is the difference and should these conditions be treated differently? How is it possible that two doctors think I have two different conditions?
Insulin resistance is usually found in people who are overweight. The metabolic changes that are brought on by excess weight prevent cells in the liver and muscles from utilizing glucose, despite normal insulin levels in the body. Insulin is the hormone that helps our body metabolize, or burn, glucose. The body in effect becomes "resistant" to insulin. The body's response to this is to produce more insulin. Unlike some diabetics, whose bodies produce insufficient amount of insulin, individuals who have insulin resistance have high levels of insulin early on in the disease. This process is rather complex and genetic susceptibility to diabetes plays a big role, but suffice it to say that long-term insulin resistance eventually leads to diabetes.
The goal of treatment is to normalize day-to-day sugar levels. If you are carrying excess weight and your pancreas still produces an adequate amount of insulin, most likely you have some degree of insulin resistance. You will benefit, therefore, from medicines that are considered insulin "sensitizers." These include medications that fall under the classes of drugs known as metformin (Glucophage) and thiazolinediones (two drugs in this class are pioglitazone — Actos — and rosiglitazone — Avandia). They help your liver and muscle

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.581703
Retrieved Text: Home / Business & Investment News / Is Floor & Decor (FND) stock offering an entry point?
This week we are looking at another of the Investor’s Business Daily (IBD) Top 50 List companies. We use this list in one of our options portfolios to spot outperforming stocks and place option spreads that take advantage of the momentum. The actual portfolio we conduct at Terry’s Tips using these trades has gained 36% over the first six weeks of 2018 in spite of losing money on one of the spreads. The average of all our portfolios has gained 23.2% while the market (SPY) is up only 2.2%.
Several analysts expect further upside for FND stock, one analyst has recently revised up price targets to $50 and this article discusses recent favorable coverage in the media.
FND is seen bouncing from a notable confluence of support near the $43 price point. The area contains a horizontal level at $42.43 that was previously major resistance that is not seen as support. Also, the lower line of a rising trend channel is found near the horizontal level. The combination offers strong downside support and price action so far has shown buyers to protect the area.
If you agree there’s further upside ahead for Floor & Decor, consider this trade which is a bet that the stock will continue to advance over the next four weeks, or at least not decline very much.
This price was $0.02 less than the mid-point of the option spread when FND was trading near $45. Unless the stock rallies quickly

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.574924
Retrieved Text: The significant increase in the incidence of antibiotic resistance in bacteria observed in recent years represents a significant challenge to public health microbiology worldwide. Not least among these challenges are extended-spectrum β-lactamases (ESBLs) and carbapenemases among Enterobacteriaceae and other Gram-negative micro-organisms and vancomycin resistance among enterococci.
Public Health England’s Antimicrobial Resistance and Healthcare Associated Infections Reference Unit (AMRHAI) is the national reference laboratory responsible for the detection and investigation of antibiotic resistance, especially in healthcare associated bacterial pathogens, and offers molecular detection of the genetic determinants of certain key resistances.
NCTC, working in partnership with AMRHAI, offers a range of reference strains with characterised resistance mechanisms.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) including the first reported (and whole genome sequenced) strain identified with a novel mecA homologue.
Strains with defined resistance mechanisms are manufactured in accordance with the requirements of ISO9001:2008 and undergo extensive quality control by NCTC and AMRHAI to confirm the characteristics of the strain as new batches are prepared, although plasmids are not resequenced.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.530079
Retrieved Text: Characteristic of the would a great deal progressed graphics including updated configuration arena, those players, also additional. Appreciate an fast with propelled characteristics also choices. Need prominent three dimensional graphics on the whole those conventions. Those establishment returns with, our a large portion genuine frog knowledge yet. Emphasizing also a varied soundproof curated eventually tom’s perusing internationally prestigious craftsman what’s more producer, hits the court for unfathomably enhanced graphics ultimo reasonable what’s more that’s only the tip of the iceberg. Its dependent upon you will case your fate. Is those best that i have at any point assumed.
Don’t tune in of the different reviews that say there will be slack.
It need a in profundity also astounding my vocation that offers freshman showcase, pre draft meetings the draft day should stunning and post meetings. This mode additionally incorporates fake support alternatives and a great deal that’s only the tip of the iceberg. Those is stunning graphics would delightful and theis amazingly smooth birch what’s more a considerable measure more practical over. Over there will be a considerable measure additional rebounding as well as really sensible shot discharges and made shots. Account of i haven’t needed at whatever slack since i assumed it, not indeed once. The controls are strong a great to offense. Resistance takes a portion getting utilization on alongside sprinting however it doesn’t take away from in the least. There will be season mode also blacktop mode would bolted also will likely turn out next overhaul. General may be stunning also i might propose it

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.530008
Retrieved Text: Beginning the week of September 16, Solaluna will be offering free, early-morning practice sessions. This is an opportunity for people to explore a personal practice in a space where others are also practicing.
Sessions will take place Mondays and Fridays and will run from 6:30-7:45 AM.
What are we thinking with that 6:30 AM time?
We realize that we are not going to have hundreds of people beating down the door at 6:30 Monday morning all pepped up to do their yoga.
The people who do arrive will most likely be slow-moving and will look a little bleary-eyed at first.
And when these sleepy practitioners begin, it is entirely possible that they will experience sluggish, mucky resistance to yoga, accompanied by persuasive internal voices encouraging a retreat back to bed.
Which is surely just the thing you’ve been seeking to fill that early morning Monday & Friday slot on your calendar, is it not?
Mention of mucky resistance might seem an ineffective way to promote something that already doesn’t seem to have much going for it. Yet the resistance has to be mentioned 1) because it happens (if you’ve taken even a few yoga classes, you’ve experienced it), and 2) because it is intertwined with all the very good, truly wonderful reasons for practicing.
When I was just starting to teach yoga, my friend Chandler and I would meet early in the morning once per week and do sun salutations. I can tell you that I had a tremendous amount of resistance to waking up. I also had an equally tremendous amount of resistance

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.514797
Retrieved Text: ​This stationary bike is excellent for toning up and losing weight. Also, you can use it to perform HIIT training.
If you're looking for an affordable stationary bike you can use at home, then this Sunny SF-1001 Indoor Cycling Bike is a great option that keeps the cost low without compromising on quality.
Stationary bikes are excellent for toning up and losing weight for a large number of reasons. Not only do they allow you to achieve a high level of exertion in one spot but they're also low impact and perfect for training while reading a book or watching TV.
This particular model from Sunny also offers variable resistance in the form of a tension pad. Instead of having the standard option of selection from numerous different levels of resistance, you instead have the ability to gradually increase or decrease the amount of resistance as you please.
This makes it very easy to see yourself progressing over time and means you don't have that sudden 'jump' as you go from level 6 to level 7.
At 43'' high this is also a relatively low exercise bike, and for many people, this small frame will be a considerable advantage as it means you can fit it into a small flat or a crowded space. The small size is also great for those who may want to take the bike with them moving home or otherwise traveling around.
Despite being small and affordable though, the bike is also very sturdy and isn't likely to wear out anytime soon thanks to a heavy-duty steel

================



======= Instance Index 965 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more dense or less dense ):

At higher elevations, there is less air to press on a given area.


When we get to the bottom of a mountain the air is more dense or less dense?

Target Text: more dense

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.697727
Retrieved Text: Mountain High - Another Great Day At The High! Opening Top To Bottom Thursday!
Getting some early season turns in!
Double The Air, Double The Fun!
Look for more features on Thursday when we open top to bottom!
All Smiles For More Terrain!
Great Coverage Being Laid Out On The Base Area Runs!
Guns blowing snow on easy street and creekside.
Blue Bird Skies And Fresh Snow!
Open Top To Bottom Thursday!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.642082
Retrieved Text: We remember the glory days of Marzocchi well. The original Bomber Z1 fork was ahead of its time, prioritizing grip and ride quality in a time when other suspension forks were more about weight than performance. The Z1 helped push mountain biking to the next level. It allowed riders to test their limits on more challenging terrain and developed a cult-like following along the way. We were sad to see Marzocchi throw in the towel several years ago, but fortunately they are back, reincarnated by Fox Racing Shox. The Z1 has been redesigned with a plush FLOAT EVOL air spring, a proven FIT GRIP damper, and a sturdy 36mm chassis. The fork may be new but the priorities haven't changed. The Bomber Z1 27.5 180 Grip Sweep-Adj Boost Fork offers simple, no-nonsense performance for aggressive all-mountain and enduro style riding—all at a price point that leaves you plenty of cash left for trips to epic mountain biking destinations.
The Bomber Z1 has 7in of plush travel, making it well-suited to steep, technical trails and the rigors of enduro racing. This is the most travel you'll find on a single-crown fork, letting you take the straight line into chunky rock gardens with confidence and composure. Or maybe you'd rather just gap the rocks instead. With this much travel it's your choice.
The travel is afforded by the FLOAT EVOL air spring. EVOL stands for "extra volume" in reference to the increased negative air volume, which improves the sensitivity of the initial stroke for buttery-smooth small-bump absorption. The mid-stroke is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.412066
Retrieved Text: Children dreive rich benefits from the act of singing and learning about music. Singing is proven to help increase language and brain development in a child’s life. While your child enjoys singing, there are vocal fundamentals for singing and musicianship that help to enhance the quality of vocal output for singers young and old. These fundamentals are often taught by specialty teachers such as voice teachers. In this article you will find three voice exercises that help with breathing and ear training to use for the young singer.
Tell the class: “You are a balloon. It’s time to fill you with air. Breathe in until you tummy pokes out.” Wait five seconds then say, “Now someone decided to untie you so let the air out slowly.” Repeat as many times you like.
Tell the class: “You are a mountain climber and in order to get to the mountain we have to take the rock path which consists of eight rocks. The rock path is tricky because the rocks are spaced out so we will have to jump from rock to rock until we reach the mountain.” Have the class, using their voices in a short staccato, start in a low voice for the first rock then each rock progressively gets higher than the rock before- gradually raised up to a high voice by the eighth rock. Use any vowel sound you think is fitting.
Tell the class: “Now that we’ve hopped our way to the mountain by taking the rock path, let’s start climbing. We’re going to climb from

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.0447
Retrieved Text: At Mountain Air Conditioning & Heating, we offer a variety of heating and cooling services for both residential and commercial spaces in Clinton, Utah. This includes the repair, maintenance, and replacement of heating and furnace systems, as well as air conditioning systems. Our well-qualified technicians come prepared with a variety of diagnostic tools in their trucks so units can be fixed on the spot. Our goal is to ensure that when we leave, your system is running properly. What can you expect from Mountain Air’s commercial HVAC service in Clinton?
The Rhead-Barlow family has been taking care of your HVAC needs since 1954. Now under the Mountain Air name, we continue our commitment to customer service, and we want to be your trusted HVAC company for life. Here at Mountain Air, we put our customers first, which is why we offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Our industry experience and team of skilled technicians give us what we need to offer excellent service every day of the week.
Mountain Air repairs all furnace and air conditioner brands, makes, and models. We understand that needing rooftop HVAC service usually comes at the most inopportune times, which is why we offer 24-hour emergency service to businesses and homes in the Clinton, Utah area. Mountain Air will do whatever it takes to make sure your air conditioner or furnace is repaired as quickly as possible.
A properly functioning HVAC unit starts with proper maintenance and routine inspections. Mountain Air offers maintenance agreement packages to businesses in Clinton to increase efficiency and to keep

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.043957
Retrieved Text: It will take around one hour drive to get to the Terracotta Warriors and Horses Museum, which is the Eighth Wonder of the World, the biggest on-the site museum in China with thousands of Terracotta Warriors and Horses made by ancient Chinese more than 2,000 years ago. You surely will be impressed by the magnificent formation.
When you finish your visit of the Museum, we will head to the Traditional Cave Dwelling, the best preserved old house where modern armers still live in. You can have a zero contact with local customs.
Lunch at a local restaurant or by your request at your own cost.
We will spend around two hours on top of the City Wall standing in Xi’an and protecting it for about 600 years, the City Wall is the best preserved and most complete wall that has survived through China’s long history. It is about 12 meters high, 12 to 14 meters wide across the top and 15 to 18 meters thick at the bottom. The entire circumference is about 13.7 kilometers. You will be allowed to take a walk or do cycling on this old but well preserved wall for one hour and a half. This will be quite a fun experience.
After lunch we will have a view of Bell and Drum Tower , Muslim Quarter and Great Mosque .
Hotel pick up or anywhere as you requested around 7:30am.
Mt. Huashan located 120km southeast of Xian City. It will take around 2 hour drive to get to Mt. Huashan. Before we start hiking, we will get

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.941107
Retrieved Text: Send us a message, get directions, even apply for a job. Just scroll down.
Have a question or want to make a reservation? Fill out the form below and someone from our staff will get in touch!
Driving Northbound on Highway 97/Bend Parkway take Exit 135B. Driving Southbound on Highway 97/Bend Parkway take exit 135. Head East onto Empire Blvd. At the traffic light, turn right onto Boyd Acres Road. After the stop sign take the next right onto Murray Road. Enter the parking lot for the Murray Road Industrial Center. Mountain Air is located in the rear of the complex, with our entrance facing Highway 97/Bend Parkway.
Mountain Air is always looking for engaging team members! Love fitness, fun, and creating the ultimate experience for our guests? Use the bottom below to download our application.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.771372
Retrieved Text: Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys is available for all your requirements regarding Small Portable Air Conditioners in Mountain Park, OK. We have a team of experienced experts and the most resourceful technologies in the industry to present precisely what you're looking for. We make sure that you receive the most excellent services, the ultimate selling price, and the highest quality supplies. Call by dialing 888-739-5110 to get started.
Spending less is an important part of any task. Though, lowering costs should not signify that you compromise superior quality on Small Portable Air Conditioners in Mountain Park, OK. You can expect the highest quality while saving you money. Any time you choose us, you will get the advantage of our practical knowledge and top quality supplies to make sure that any project will last while saving time and resources. This will be feasible since we know the way to save you time and resources on products and labor. Connect with Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys when you want the most effective products and services at a minimal price. You'll be able to contact our team at 888-739-5110 to start.
With respect to Small Portable Air Conditioners in Mountain Park, OK, you need to be knowledgeable to come up with the very best judgments. We will ensure that you know what should be expected. You won't encounter any sort of unexpected situations whenever you deal with Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys. Begin by discussing your job with our customer service representatives once you contact 888-739-5110. In this phone call, you'll

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.757952
Retrieved Text: Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys is available for all your requirements regarding Small Portable Air Conditioners in Round Mountain, NV. We have a team of experienced experts and the most resourceful technologies in the industry to present precisely what you're looking for. We make sure that you receive the most excellent services, the ultimate selling price, and the highest quality supplies. Call by dialing 888-739-5110 to get started.
Spending less is an important part of any task. Though, lowering costs should not signify that you compromise superior quality on Small Portable Air Conditioners in Round Mountain, NV. You can expect the highest quality while saving you money. Any time you choose us, you will get the advantage of our practical knowledge and top quality supplies to make sure that any project will last while saving time and resources. This will be feasible since we know the way to save you time and resources on products and labor. Connect with Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys when you want the most effective products and services at a minimal price. You'll be able to contact our team at 888-739-5110 to start.
With respect to Small Portable Air Conditioners in Round Mountain, NV, you need to be knowledgeable to come up with the very best judgments. We will ensure that you know what should be expected. You won't encounter any sort of unexpected situations whenever you deal with Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys. Begin by discussing your job with our customer service representatives once you contact 888-739-5110. In this phone call, you'll

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.757132
Retrieved Text: Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys is available for all your requirements regarding Small Portable Air Conditioners in Gray Mountain, AZ. We have a team of experienced experts and the most resourceful technologies in the industry to present precisely what you're looking for. We make sure that you receive the most excellent services, the ultimate selling price, and the highest quality supplies. Call by dialing 888-739-5110 to get started.
Spending less is an important part of any task. Though, lowering costs should not signify that you compromise superior quality on Small Portable Air Conditioners in Gray Mountain, AZ. You can expect the highest quality while saving you money. Any time you choose us, you will get the advantage of our practical knowledge and top quality supplies to make sure that any project will last while saving time and resources. This will be feasible since we know the way to save you time and resources on products and labor. Connect with Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys when you want the most effective products and services at a minimal price. You'll be able to contact our team at 888-739-5110 to start.
With respect to Small Portable Air Conditioners in Gray Mountain, AZ, you need to be knowledgeable to come up with the very best judgments. We will ensure that you know what should be expected. You won't encounter any sort of unexpected situations whenever you deal with Small Portable Air Conditioner Guys. Begin by discussing your job with our customer service representatives once you contact 888-739-5110. In this phone call, you'll

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.713976
Retrieved Text: At Shower Replacement Guys, our experts understand the process of Shower Replacement. This is an important training that ensures that your tub or shower so that it discards the old, worn out and outdated look for a breathtaking and refreshing replacement shower doors. The process starts with removing panels, loosening the jambs, removing the bottom track, installing the side tracks and leveling the track. They will then expertly fasten the jambs, expand the holes for the panels, installing back the bottom track and the storage column. As the process nears the end stage, our experts will then fasten the jambs to the column before restoring the top track. Once the shelving units are expertly restored, the caulk frames will be put in place and finally, you will have the door back in place. Talk to our experts in Shower Replacement Guys in Mountain Lake, MN so that you can learn more on how all these stages can be carried out efficiently and conveniently for your Shower Replacement needs.
One of the key requirements for quality services in our Mountain Lake, MN is that the services must be sanctioned by the authorities. We uphold provision of quality services that meet the needs and requirements of people so that they can enjoy services provided without fear of substandard services. We have complied with all the provisions of the law so that you get superior quality services. As a result, you can be sure that compare favorably with other providers of Shower Replacement services in Mountain Lake, MN. You can

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.713976
Retrieved Text: At Shower Replacement Guys, our experts understand the process of Shower Replacement. This is an important training that ensures that your tub or shower so that it discards the old, worn out and outdated look for a breathtaking and refreshing replacement shower doors. The process starts with removing panels, loosening the jambs, removing the bottom track, installing the side tracks and leveling the track. They will then expertly fasten the jambs, expand the holes for the panels, installing back the bottom track and the storage column. As the process nears the end stage, our experts will then fasten the jambs to the column before restoring the top track. Once the shelving units are expertly restored, the caulk frames will be put in place and finally, you will have the door back in place. Talk to our experts in Shower Replacement Guys in Mountain Iron, MN so that you can learn more on how all these stages can be carried out efficiently and conveniently for your Shower Replacement needs.
One of the key requirements for quality services in our Mountain Iron, MN is that the services must be sanctioned by the authorities. We uphold provision of quality services that meet the needs and requirements of people so that they can enjoy services provided without fear of substandard services. We have complied with all the provisions of the law so that you get superior quality services. As a result, you can be sure that compare favorably with other providers of Shower Replacement services in Mountain Iron, MN. You can

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.713976
Retrieved Text: At Shower Replacement Guys, our experts understand the process of Shower Replacement. This is an important training that ensures that your tub or shower so that it discards the old, worn out and outdated look for a breathtaking and refreshing replacement shower doors. The process starts with removing panels, loosening the jambs, removing the bottom track, installing the side tracks and leveling the track. They will then expertly fasten the jambs, expand the holes for the panels, installing back the bottom track and the storage column. As the process nears the end stage, our experts will then fasten the jambs to the column before restoring the top track. Once the shelving units are expertly restored, the caulk frames will be put in place and finally, you will have the door back in place. Talk to our experts in Shower Replacement Guys in Pine Mountain, GA so that you can learn more on how all these stages can be carried out efficiently and conveniently for your Shower Replacement needs.
One of the key requirements for quality services in our Pine Mountain, GA is that the services must be sanctioned by the authorities. We uphold provision of quality services that meet the needs and requirements of people so that they can enjoy services provided without fear of substandard services. We have complied with all the provisions of the law so that you get superior quality services. As a result, you can be sure that compare favorably with other providers of Shower Replacement services in Pine Mountain, GA. You can

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.600613
Retrieved Text: You're able to trust Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys to present the best quality service regarding Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Round Mountain, TX. Our team of experienced experts will offer the professional services you will need with the most advanced technology available. We will work with high standard materials and money saving practices to be sure you are given the finest products and services at the best value. Contact us by dialing 888-248-0021 to get going.
You have a budget to stick with, and you need to lower your expenses. Yet, conserving money shouldn't ever signify that you give up quality for Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Round Mountain, TX. You can expect the best quality even while still costing you less. Our intent is to guarantee that you get the right products and a job which lasts through the years. That is feasible because we understand how to save time and resources on materials and labor. Connect with Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys when you're needing the finest solutions at the cheapest price. You're able to reach our team at 888-248-0021 to begin.
To come up with the ideal choices regarding Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Round Mountain, TX, you've got to be kept informed. We be sure you know exactly what to anticipate. You won't encounter any unexpected surprises whenever you deal with Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys. The first step is to contact us today at 888-248-0021 to begin your task. We're going to explore your questions and concerns once you contact us and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.5814
Retrieved Text: At Ductless Air Conditioning Guys, we will be available to meet your standards when it comes to Ductless Air Conditioning in Mountain Rest, SC. You need the most sophisticated modern technology available, and our team of qualified contractors will provide that. We are going to apply professional quality products and money saving strategies to make sure you are given the very best solutions for the greatest value. Give us a call at 888-282-0465 to start.
You have got a spending budget to follow, and you prefer to spend less money. Yet, conserving money should never signify that you give up excellent quality with Ductless Air Conditioning in Mountain Rest, SC. We provide you with the finest quality even while still saving you money. Our plan is to ensure you enjoy the best supplies and a finished project that endures as time passes. We can accomplish this by delivering the very best deals in the field and preventing costly complications. If you need to spend less money, Ductless Air Conditioning Guys is the business to get in touch with. We'll be ready to take your call at 888-282-0465.
To put together the very best decisions on Ductless Air Conditioning in Mountain Rest, SC, you must be informed. You shouldn't go in without understanding it, and it is best to understand what you should expect. You won't need to face any sort of unexpected surprises when you use Ductless Air Conditioning Guys. Start by calling 888-282-0465 to talk about your job. Within this call, you're going to get your questions

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.490107
Retrieved Text: volcano is actually formed when molten rock, ash and gases are dispersed from the erosion in the earth’s crust. As molten lava that gathered around the clot erosion, volcanic mountains structure is formed. Home School programs I design always consist of activities involving the creation and work of a volcano.
Some structures are conical lava is thicker and solidifies before it goes far. Some organizations are flatter, the lava is thinner and travel increased area before becoming solid. There are also volcanoes that erupt on the seabed and spew lava above water. In some places, the islands have formed a sea of ​​volcanic eruptions. The homeschool program I design I teach kids how to build a conical or mountain-shaped volcanoes.
The Volcano Structure: .. In mixing bowl record two cups of flour, two cups of soil, one cup of sand and one cup of salt. Now slowly add hot water and start to mix the contents to form a stiff dough. Remember to add water slowly or else you can get a thin paste. If the mixture is thin, add more flour as per the requirement and mix thoroughly. Once the required consistency is reached, you will begin to build volcano structure.
Make mountain dough in the cookie tray. When the dough is still wet, carve out a piece of dough from the top of the mountain to make holes the size of a Dixie cup. Now take a thin iron rod from the base of this Dixie cup with a hollow bottom of the mountain to form a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.46595
Retrieved Text: You can easily rely on Mini Air Conditioner Guys to provide the most impressive expert services for Mini Air Conditioners in Mountain Home, UT. Our workforce of qualified experts will supply the expert services you need with the most innovative technology in the industry. We make certain that you receive the highest quality solutions, the ultimate price, and the finest materials. Call us by dialing 888-269-5556 to begin.
You have a price range to adhere to, and you should get lower prices. But, lowering costs shouldn't indicate that you eliminate superior quality on Mini Air Conditioners in Mountain Home, UT. We offer the finest quality while still helping you save money. We utilize the very best materials and techniques to be certain that your venture is going to withstand the years, and save some costs in ways that don't change the high quality of any work. This is achievable given that we know how to save time and funds on supplies and labor. Choose Mini Air Conditioner Guys if you want the highest quality support at a minimal price. Call up 888-269-5556 to talk with our customer care staff, today.
When you're thinking of Mini Air Conditioners in Mountain Home, UT, you'll need to be knowledgeable to come up with the best choices. You should not enter into it without knowing it properly, and you will need to understand what to expect. We will take the surprises out from the picture by supplying reliable and detailed info. You can start by discussing your job with our client service

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.457823
Retrieved Text: For anxious kids, teens, and college students, it can be very difficult to fall asleep at night. Not falling asleep means being exhausted the next morning. And guess what happens the next morning? You're too tired to adequately respond to all of the stressors during your day. It's a vicious cycle - and it's super, super common.
The easiest way to set up a regular relaxation practice is to utilize it at the same time each day.
I often recommend trying out a meditation exercise right before bed time, in bed, so you or your child is relaxed and ready to sleep.
Below is a guided meditation exercise for relaxing from stress and anxiety. Give it a try!
Imagine yourself standing at the bottom of a mountain. You decide to climb it.
Picture yourself walking on a path up the mountain. Notice how this path feels under your feet. Notice what you hear on the mountain. Notice how the air smells crisp and clean. Maybe you see birds, or clouds, or trees.
As you get higher up the path, notice how the air gets cooler. Maybe you start to see snow around you. The trees start to get further apart. Your legs feel tired, but you decide to keep going.
Finally, you get up, up, all the way to the top of the mountain. Imagine yourself sitting down at the top, noticing all the clouds beneath you, the birds flying, how the sun feels on your face.
Notice how proud you feel of yourself, in your heart, for climbing all the way up.
Stay up

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.454231
Retrieved Text: Here at Air Duct Cleaning Guys, we're ready to fulfill all of your needs when it comes to Air Duct Cleaning in Mountain View, MO. We have a crew of professional experts and the most resourceful technology available to offer exactly what you might need. Our materials are of the finest quality and we understand how to conserve your costs. Give us a call by dialing 800-376-4281 to learn more.
Here at Air Duct Cleaning Guys, we understand that you need to stay in your price range and lower your expenses wherever it is possible to. In the process, you're looking for the best and finest standard of services for Air Duct Cleaning in Mountain View, MO. We will ensure that our money saving efforts never mean a decreased level of quality. Our ambition is to be certain that you experience the right materials and a completed project that will last through the years. As an example, we take care to keep clear of costly complications, complete the job promptly to help save time, and be sure you will get the most suitable deals on products and labor. Save time and money by getting in touch with Air Duct Cleaning Guys now. You'll be able to contact our company at 800-376-4281 to begin.
You have to be informed regarding Air Duct Cleaning in Mountain View, MO. We will make sure you know what to expect. That's the reason why we make every effort to be sure that you learn the process and are not confronted with any kind

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.318893
Retrieved Text: You can easily trust in Air Conditioning Pro Guys to deliver the most impressive solutions for Air Conditioning in Mountain, WI. We've got a staff of professional experts and the most advanced technology around to provide exactly what you might need. We are going to use higher quality supplies and cash conserving strategies to be certain that you will enjoy the best services for the best price. Call us at 888-214-4817 to get going.
Here at Air Conditioning Pro Guys, we understand that you must stay in budget and spend less whenever you are able to. But, cutting costs shouldn't suggest that you give up excellent quality with Air Conditioning in Mountain, WI. Our attempts to conserve your funds will not eliminate the high quality of our results. We use the best supplies and techniques to ensure that the work will withstand the years, and we cost less money in ways that won't change the superior quality for your mission. For example, we are very careful to keep clear of pricey complications, get the job done promptly to save time, and be sure you have the best savings on supplies and labor. Contact Air Conditioning Pro Guys when you're needing the very best support at a minimal cost. Contact 888-214-4817 to speak with our customer support representatives, now.
To come up with the most suitable judgments regarding Air Conditioning in Mountain, WI, you should be informed. You shouldn't go in without understanding it, and you should be aware of what to prepare for. We will take the surprises

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.259665
Retrieved Text: Use modeling clay to help children conceptualize geographic formations. Most children will enjoy working with modeling clay and when you use air-drying modeling clay, there is no need to bake the clay to harden it. Help children create a mountain out of modeling clay, allow the clay to dry and then paint it with craft paints to make it look like a real mountain.
Remove the air-dry clay from the package. Moisten your hands to prevent sticking and knead the clay to make it soft and pliable.
Place a mound of clay onto the plywood platform and begin to shape it into a cone-shaped mountain with your hands. Add more clay to make one mountain the desired size or make several smaller mountains on the platform as a mountain range.
Use your fingers to begin to make finer details in the clay. Create ridges along the sides of the mountain(s) and define the valleys between the mountains if you have more than one. Make the sides of the mountains vary between steep sides and then gradual slopes. Often mountains are very steep up near the tops and then the mountainside slopes gradually near the bottom. Designate a tree line on the mountains by making a craggy and rocky area up near the top of the mountain and more smooth sides on the bottom portion where grass is growing.
Work on the details until the mountain looks the way you want it to look. Use modeling tools to make tiny details, if desired.
Place the model of the mountains on the platform

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.257334
Retrieved Text: You can easily have confidence in Air Conditioning Top Team to provide the very best expert services when it comes to Goodman Air Conditioning in Bear Mountain, NY. You need the most innovative technology in the field, and our team of highly trained professionals will offer exactly that. Our supplies are always of the highest quality and we know how to help you save money. Contact us by dialing 888-368-1326 and we will be able to examine the options, reply to your concerns, and organize a consultation to get started with organizing the project.
Here at Air Conditioning Top Team, we understand that you want to stay within budget and save money wherever you're able to. On top of that, you would like the best and finest standard of work for Goodman Air Conditioning in Bear Mountain, NY. We will make sure that our cash conserving efforts do not indicate a decreased level of quality. Whenever you hire our staff, you'll get the advantages of our knowledge and premium supplies to make certain that any project will last even while saving time and money. To illustrate, we take care to stay away from pricey errors, work fast to help save hours, and make sure you are given the very best prices on products and labor. To be able to find great deals, Air Conditioning Top Team is the service to connect with. Dial 888-368-1326 to talk to our client care agents, now.
It is important to be knowledgeable concerning Goodman Air Conditioning in Bear Mountain, NY. We ensure

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.23863
Retrieved Text: You can count on Air Conditioning Repair Guys to give you the very best service regarding Air Conditioning Repairs in Round Mountain, TX. You want the most advanced solutions in the field, and our group of skilled professionals can provide exactly that. We make sure that you receive the very best products and services, the best price, and the best materials. We will help you put together decisions for the project, address your concerns, and prepare a meeting with our specialists when you call us by dialing 888-229-2683.
Here at Air Conditioning Repair Guys, we realize that you need to keep within budget and spend less wherever you'll be able to. Though, saving your money should not mean you eliminate quality on Air Conditioning Repairs in Round Mountain, TX. We provide you with the best quality even while still helping you save money. Our goal is to be sure you receive the best quality products and a end result that holds up as time passes. We will make this happen by giving you the top savings around and avoiding expensive errors. Call up Air Conditioning Repair Guys when you need the very best service at a minimal cost. You're able to communicate with our business at 888-229-2683 to start out.
When it comes to Air Conditioning Repairs in Round Mountain, TX, you'll need to be informed to make the best judgments. You should not go in blindly, and it's good to learn what to prepare for. You will not confront any unexpected surprises when you hire Air Conditioning

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.150267
Retrieved Text: We also visited London during our vacation. Mid-way through the trip I found myself needing to wash a load of clothes so I went to a nearby laundromat. When I entered the laundromat I was surprised and delighted to find original artwork on the wall featuring chickens and ducks, which included instructions for how to use the washers and driers. Very whimsical and also quite clever. Art is everywhere, you just have to look for it. Here are some pictures of the artwork.
My husband and I were vacationing in Paris during the terrorist attacks. Asleep in bed, we were unaware of the attacks until the next morning when I began receiving multiple messages from friends and family asking if we were okay. I was puzzled at first and then checked the news and learned of the events that had transpired.
The terrorist attacks happened on Friday night, and on Sunday afternoon we went walking along the River Seine. While walking along the river we came upon a public blackboard with messages written in chalk. The messages were in all different languages and it was quite inspiring to see the thoughts, feelings, comments and sentiments of the people who had left messages on the blackboard. I didn’t understand all the messages but the sentiment I gleaned from it was solidarity with France and an undaunted spirit in the face of tragedy. Here are pictures of the blackboard.
On a vacation to the Big Island of Hawaii last month, one of the activities we enjoyed the most was stargazing on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.064695
Retrieved Text: There is an ancient saying that says there are many paths up the mountain of success.
But the one who does the MOST hiking without EVER arriving to the glorious summit?
They are running around telling others which path to take.
How different would this world would be if we focused our energy on DOING what we decide? If we focused on OUR journey – step by step?
When I was climbing the tallest mountain in Colorado I wasn’t acclimated.
Heart pounding. Chest fighting for air. Head getting split down the middle. Every fiber wanting to collapse into a soft pillow of mountain grass.
I was counting my breathes and steps.
If I was running around to every other climber on the entire mountain, telling them my path?
I wouldn’t have made it to the top.
I think the nature of “right” is in it’s demonstration.
It speaks for itself. You’ll know by the fruit.
And when your current path doesn’t get you closer to the top?
If you want the top and are humble, the next path will become clear.
But we often forget the destination and fight for the “rightness” of our current path.
And besides being prideful and wearing ourselves out, we also sabotage our own journey.
Because when we obsess over how others are do it (and if it’s the “right” way) – we also obsess about HOW we are doing it.
So we spend days and days…weeks and weeks…and sometimes even years…analyzing.
Should I do this? Should I not?
Should I go Paleo? Should I do intermittent fasting?
Should I start my own business? Should I go back to school?
Should

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.979145
Retrieved Text: RV.Net Open Roads Forum: Class A Motorhomes: TST - what am I missing?
> TST - what am I missing?
What am I missing when I am reading the descriptions? Why is it so much cheaper at Camping World and Gander Mountain?
Different model numbers for some reason!
Camping World and Gander Mountain are owned by the same parent company now. As to why they are so much cheaper: no idea. On sale? Loss leader?
It is the same product (based on product code) as other vendors.
When looking at the difference it appears the less expensive one has the flow through caps, the other doesn't.
IMO I'd think the flow through design would be the better choice, easier to add air if needed, and it's less expensive.
On another forum a member posted that he called TST to order a 507 system. The TST person suggested that he instead check with CW as they were currently running a sale on the same system.
As for the flow thru, some have complained that it takes a long time to add just a few pounds of air thru the flow thru sensors.
I had the TST 507 flow through and had issues with them. Some wouldn't allow me to air up at all without unscrewing them anyway. Also you can't get a good read with a gauge and have to remove them for an accurate reading. For those reasons I would go with caps.
They also recommend using only metal valve stems when using the flow through type. Many reports of leaking when using rubber stems and the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.89267
Retrieved Text: Individuals and households can get pleasure from open-air Jeep Excursions to the San Andreas Fault, Palm Springs Indian Canyons, or the majestic Painted Canyon within the Mecca Hills Wilderness Area. Very helpful workers, and the journeys they organised for us had been excellent with knowledgeable guides. 2-Hour Daytime: Take Fort Creek Road to an old mining highway to reach the bottom of Aspen Mountain, the place you may see some of the tallest peaks in Colorado.
Anticipate to pattern local meals, cease for lunch (included), and get off the beaten path alongside smaller roads that giant tour buses cannot navigate. Exploring the desert – the jeep should return to the bottom at the end of each journey. From Winter Park to Kremmling to Granby , there are many unique tour choices available to visitors.
Our guided, sightseeing excursions embrace an UTV Safari journey as well as Jeep tours such because the Cave Pool & North-Coast Explorer, the Rugged Pure Pool Safari, the all-in-one Island Final Safari or the unique Elite Non-public Safari. At the moment it is part of the greater Vatnajökull Nationwide Park , which covers components of the south, east, north and far of the Highlands.
Discover the jungle and seashores of Cozumel island with just your family and pals on this non-public self-operated Jeep tour. We stopped in need of the highest of the cross that day, and my quick-lived jeep tour operation by no means traveled the road to success.
Venture where man is never seen, stand up close to the wonderful wildlife that makes this

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.881556
Retrieved Text: Some days I feel like a juggler, keeping many diverse things up in the air, balancing (sort of) perfectly but always right on the edge of control. Today was such a day. Everyone was busy in the shop. Out in the yard we were doing new fencing for the horses. We were also stocking up on supplies needed for the Sculpture Magic Workshop that starts tomorrow. In between I worked at my design table and other various jobs.
Some of the tasks we were doing were not glamorous nor flashy, but still very necessary. One such item(s) was the first batch of fence posts, now ready for the application of concrete and then sculpting.
The hard working crew has also finished almost a hundred rock forms, both welded and wired. These will be soon welded to the 'dirt bank' structures that forms the mountain before we apply the concrete in the coming weeks.
When I went to town for supplies I stopped in up at Cultus Lake to see progress on-site. The large crew up there has been very busy to say the least. The bumper boat pool bottom was poured today. Next week they will backfill the pool and begin work on the island which will support the raised deck for the giant swing ride. That will be our cue to begin our theme work on site.
Forms for the first floor (of three) are almost in place. By the end of the week those walls should be poured and then they begin work on the cast in place

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.83235
Retrieved Text: National Geographic Traveler magazine presented a rating of the best places to visit on the territory of the CIS. The southern coast of Crimea is on first line. Many tourists are planning to visit this place for the summer holidays this year. There are the Caucasus Mountains on the second place. It’s attracting many tourists because of magnificent scenery and fresh air.
The honorable third place was given to the Pamir - the highest mountain range, located in the south-eastern part of the Pamir-Alai mountain region on the border between China and Tajikistan. Here’s also beautiful nature, stunning views, river ice and snow-white peaks.
The Pamir translated as "Roof of the World" and it’s really. When you look from the bottom up, it seems that the mountains touch the sky. And when you are on the top, you can see the world's highest mountain ranges: the Hindu Kush, the Tian Shan and the Himalayas at a glance.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.74936
Retrieved Text: When you find yourself in the market for a local air conditioning and heating expert to help you with all of your home comfort needs, the only name in quality that you need to know is Mobley Heating & Air. Since 2013, we have been providing local Stone Mountain homeowners with the high quality air conditioning and heating services they need to keep their homes comfortable year round. Here at Mobley Heating & Air, we take great pride in the quality service that we are able to provide to local homeowners, and we believe this shows in the superior results that we are able to deliver each and every time we are called in to perform a service. Whether you are just in the market for minor air conditioning repairs, or complete heating system replacement, you can always count on the quality service you need to keep your local Stone Mountain home or business at peak comfort when you make the call to our team of skilled heating contractors.
Here at Mobley Heating & Air, we understand that your Stone Mountain heating and air conditioning systems are likely two of the most essential aspects of your entire home or business, and this isn't a fact that is lost on us. We understand the trust you are placing in us when you make the call for service, and our team of fully licensed and highly trained professionals do everything in our power to make sure you never feel that trust has been misplaced. If you have any questions

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.738478
Retrieved Text: ﻿ How is Pressure Related to Altitude and Depth?
How is Pressure Related to Altitude and Depth?
The typical altimeter (and/or depth gauge) is a pressure measuring instrument that calculates its altitude (or depth) according to the local air or water pressure.
Below we explain how is pressure related to altitude and depth and show you how to calculate both air pressure and water pressure.
1 litre of air has a weight of approximately 1 gram.
A column of air 10m high and 1cm² area (1 litre) creates a pressure of 1g/cm² = 1mbar, so the pressure at sea level is approximately 1000mbar.
At 100m above sea level, the air pressure is 900mbar. The air pressure has decreased by 100mbar.
Altimeters are based on these changes of the atmospheric pressure and are used in aircraft and by mountain climbers. They always need correction for the variation of that pressure. Pilots will ask for the barometric pressure at runway level prior to landing, and mountain climbers will correct their altimeters at a location of known altitude.
Water is about 1000 times heavier than air, and so 1 litre of water has a mass of 1kg and a volume of 1000cm³.
Again, if we produce a column 10m high and 1cm² area, we will create a water pressure of 1kg/cm² at the bottom (1kg/cm² = 1bar). The pressure in water increases by 1bar for every 10m depth.
At 100m, water pressure is 10bar, relative to the surface. But the absolute pressure is 11bar (1bar is the atmospheric pressure on the water surface, plus 10bar water pressure).
Find this article

================



======= Instance Index 1078 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are many arrangements or few arrangements ):

A: The more carbon atoms there are, the greater the number of possible arrangements of carbon atoms.


When we have a lot of blocks we can make many arrangements or few arrangements?

Target Text: many arrangements

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.70321
Retrieved Text: Are There Still Cinders in Cinder Block?
Q. A couple of years ago I started re-reading my old ORGANIC GARDENING magazines from when you were the Editor (I kept them all!), which led to me finding your podcasts and I've been listening ever since. Now I have a question: Are cinder blocks safe to use to make raised beds? My daughter would like to use them for this purpose but the information pro and con on the internet is confusing and unconvincing. Is there really a risk of the substances used in making the blocks leaching into a raised bed? (In the Pacific Northwest we get a lot of precipitation, which can cause a lot of leaching). I told her that I would trust your opinion. Thank you for continuing to help keep our world safe. P.S. I was one of those subscribers who had to fight to get the issue with the infamous comic book cover away from my kids!
A. If you're thinking, "did Mike really put a comic book cover on a gardening magazine?" the answer is yes. Back in 1992, I got my old friend Marvel Comics Editor and Publisher (and now movie star) Stan Lee to come speak to the entire Rodale staff and we did a tribute to the cover of Fantastic Four #1 in his honor. The response was crazy; we got write ups in a lot of national magazines.
Now, about so-called 'cinder blocks'….
I say "so called" because "cinder block" is a somewhat archaic and generic term for a type of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.244406
Retrieved Text: Got to do a little bit of work over the past couple days on my plan to transform the western side of the house into planter boxes. Currently there are a lot of palettes with various materials on them – brick, stone, pieces of bamboo, some fence boards, etc. But with a decent amount of sun throughout the day, the presence of sprinkler system heads and the positioning between two downspouts, future vegetables ought to grow really well there.
Today I moved a lot of the stuff that was there, broke up some palettes, and pulled up a lot of bermuda grass, straggler daisy and stray sunflowers. Many of the palette pieces will serve to make the planter sides. After that I’ll pile leaves and compost there and slowly add more soil. I even have enough parts and supplies on hand to add micro-drilled soaker lines. With any luck it will be ready for planting next Spring.
Which reminds me… my mom showed me some really impressive beds built with concrete blocks. Essentially the blocks are just stacked, not mortared, and dirt is placed not only inside the perimeter of blocks but in the two hollow chambers of the blocks themselves. The soil near the blocks gains extra alkalinity from them… a boon to plants that need it (which is many Hill Country natives). The photo I saw showed strawberries planted in the blocks. I’m pretty sure she was referencing Urban Harvest in Houston when she showed me the photos, but I couldn’t find it again. Instead, I

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.181215
Retrieved Text: I have not been sewing much in the last week. But I have been catching up on my bee blocks. That one is Diamond Ripples from the 99 Modern Blocks book for Rhonda, Quilter in the Gap, in the Modern Stitching Bee. It is really a lovely block when it is all done and you are over the fact that 36 hsts are needed for a 12.5" square. I have a second different block to make for Rhonda too, maybe this week.
That is a 16 patch for Bee Blessed, a charity bee run by Judith, Just Jude and Sarah, Sew Me. There is also a group on flickr called the St Louis 16 Patch Along where they are making these blocks too, which I have been eying. I have to say that they are very fast and easy to make.
If you are the observant type you will see that I just cut an extra 3.5" strip off some of the fabrics I had out to make Rhonda's block. I am certain there is a quilt or two in my future with these blocks, you could just make one every now and again from fabrics that were out for other things. They take about 10 minutes to sew up.
Debbie, A Quilter's Table, who hosted the wildly successful polaroid swap last summer, asked for polaroid blocks in Always Bee Learning. I decided to split up her polaroids and make her two of these 18.5" blocks.
I had all my black fabrics out to find one with the right coloured

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.12398
Retrieved Text: You can easily have confidence in Acrylic Block Guys to present the highest quality expert services regarding Acrylic Blocks in Westport, TN. You'll need the most advanced technology available, and our team of well trained professionals can provide just that. We make certain that you receive the highest quality support, the best selling price, and the best products. Contact us today by dialing 888-400-5746 and we'll be able to explore your options, respond to your concerns, and organize a consultation to initiate scheduling your project.
At Acrylic Block Guys, we understand that you want to stay in your budget and cut costs when you'll be able to. Yet, saving money should not indicate that you give up quality with Acrylic Blocks in Westport, TN. We provide the finest quality while still costing you less. We make use of the best strategies and supplies to guarantee that your venture can hold up against the test of time, and we help you save money in ways which don't alter the superior quality for your mission. For instance, we take care to avoid expensive mistakes, work fast to conserve working hours, and ensure you will get the very best bargains on products and labor. Call Acrylic Block Guys when you want the finest services at the lowest cost. You can get in touch with us at 888-400-5746 to get started.
You have to be well informed with regards to Acrylic Blocks in Westport, TN. We ensure that you know what to expect. You're not going to deal with any sort of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.96979
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Block Guys is going to be there for your needs concerning Acrylic Blocks in Rio Rancho, NM. You need the most innovative technologies in the market, and our workforce of skilled contractors will provide exactly that. Our supplies are always of the highest quality and we can save you cash. Give us a call by dialing 888-400-5746 to start out.
Here at Acrylic Block Guys, we recognize that you'll want to keep in your financial budget and reduce costs everywhere you can. You still need excellent quality results with Acrylic Blocks in Rio Rancho, NM, and you can put your trust in our team to save you a little money while still supplying the finest quality work. We provide you with the highest quality even while still helping you save money. When you do business with our team, you're going to get the benefit of our practical experience and premium materials making sure that your project will last while saving your time and resources. For example, we are very careful to avoid expensive errors, work efficiently to save hours, and be sure that you have the top prices on products and work. Consider Acrylic Block Guys whenever you want the highest quality support at the best cost. We'll be waiting to accept your call at 888-400-5746.
You have to be kept informed when it comes to Acrylic Blocks in Rio Rancho, NM. You should not go in without knowing it properly, and it's good to know what to prepare for. That's why we make every attempt to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.946962
Retrieved Text: At Acrylic Block Guys, we'll be there to fulfill all your goals when it comes to Acrylic Blocks in Soso, MS. Our company has a staff of skilled professional contractors and the most advanced technologies in the industry to present exactly what you might need. Our materials are always of the finest quality and we understand how to save cash. Contact us by dialing 888-400-5746 to learn more.
Conserving money is an essential part of any mission. Though, being economical should not suggest that you lose excellent quality with Acrylic Blocks in Soso, MS. Our initiatives to save a little money will never compromise on the superior quality of our services. When you choose our company, you will get the advantage of our experience and premium materials making sure that your project can last even while saving time and funds. To illustrate, we take care to keep clear of pricey mistakes, finish the job quickly to help save working hours, and make sure you receive the most suitable prices on supplies and work. Call Acrylic Block Guys if you want the finest solutions at the lowest rate. We'll be waiting to accept your phone call at 888-400-5746.
With regards to Acrylic Blocks in Soso, MS, you should be kept informed to come up with the best judgments. We will ensure that you know what can be expected. This is exactly why we try to make every effort to make sure you understand the steps and aren't confronted by any sort of surprises. Start out by calling 888-400-5746 to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.903973
Retrieved Text: 2013 was a year for me to start some new patchwork and quilting projects. I was keen to do some slow projects that would give me the enjoyment of piecing every month without the pressure of expecting a finished quilt. With that in mind I signed up to take a free Craftsy class to make a block each month. I liked the idea that some of the blocks would also teach me some new techniques and the videos are a great visual way of learning for me.
When the girls over at And Sew We Craft decided to do a Block of the Month quilt too, that fitted in perfectly. We each chose two blocks from the Modern Blocks book and then we have taken turns to share the tutorials and the blocks. It is so interesting to see how different the blocks look in different fabrics!
Best of all I have been able to use some of the skills I learnt in the first BOM (Block of the Month) to make the blocks in the ModernQAL (Modern Quilt Along). It has been fun.
The Craftsy class is all but finished. There is one more block in the class that I have decided to switch out. I’m not a huge fan of applique flower baskets and I like the other geometric blocks so I will look at how I can join them into a quilt top without that block in the coming weeks.
The ModernQAL has a few blocks left in the New Year. In fact I have the January

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.897377
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Block Guys is going to be available for all your goals involving Acrylic Blocks in Leakesville, MS. You need the most advanced technology available, and our group of highly skilled professionals will supply that. Our materials are always of the very best quality and we know how to help you save cash. We intend to help you to make decisions for your work, address the questions you have, and organize a meeting with our workers once you give us a call at 888-400-5746.
You have got a financial budget to follow, and you intend to get lower prices. At the same time, you need the most beneficial and highest standard of services for Acrylic Blocks in Leakesville, MS. We ensure our cash conserving efforts don't indicate a decreased standard of craftsmanship. Our plan is to make sure that you get the finest products and a job which will last over time. That is attainable since we recognize how to save your time and cash on materials and labor. Connect with Acrylic Block Guys when you need the most effective solutions at the cheapest rate. You can communicate with us by dialing 888-400-5746 to learn more.
With regards to Acrylic Blocks in Leakesville, MS, you'll need to be informed to come up with the most effective decisions. We will never encourage you to make unwise choices, as we know what we'll be working at, and we make sure you know what to anticipate with the task. We take the surprises out of the situation by supplying appropriate and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.838902
Retrieved Text: Block unit-plays play a vital role in a child’s life. It is not only fun to play but also develops language skill, cognitive skills, intellectual skills,physical skills, Cooperation skills. Etc. Though it doesn’t have the fancy thing in it building blocks are great for developing intellectual, cognitive, social, emotional and physical skills.
Many scholars and early childhood educators feel the toddlers develop these skills in general when you play the block unit. I certainly agree into this and have listed what made me write about this!!
When I say this few people may think how a play can build a language development? But with this we can ask open ended questions to allow them to speak more on it. So in the end vocabulary will grow in shaa allah. For instance, Mama is planning to build a boat! Would you like to help in understanding what a boat is? So while constructing a boat we can use different colours of blocks and speak about the colors, shapes etc and analyze what if we change the order of the constructed boat.
These are the sample questions you can ask to kindle the problem solving skills in a kid. They will try to answer something out.
How tall can you build your tower before it falls over?Can you change your design to make the tower taller?Will a tower with a wider base be taller than a tower with a narrow base?Measure the height of your tower or count the number of blocks.Create a pattern in your tower. Alternate the color of your

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.776724
Retrieved Text: When components in your app have similar behavior, you can end up with a lot of blocks almost doing the same thing. Using Procedures and Any component blocks not only gives you the possibility to minimize the use of blocks, but also makes it easier for you to add new components and maintain your app in a more comfortable way.
To demonstrate this we are going to implement a group of 3 radio buttons using the CheckBox component.
At the end another CheckBox will be added to the group, to demonstrate the ease of using Procedures and Any component blocks.
When the user presses Small, its CheckBox will be checked: A green check mark will appear and the Checked property of the chbSizeSmall component will be set to true.
Pressing Medium causes a Changed event for Medium (1). In the event handler the Checked property of Small is being set to false (2).
A Changed event for Medium will also occur again, because of the change from true (because of user action) to false (4), but that doesn’t change anything anymore (setting Small and Large to false, what they are already are).
So before we can optimize our blocks by using Procedures and Any component blocks, which is initially our plan and the meaning of this blog, we have to solve this little unwanted feature.
Our goal is to prevent the blocks inside a Changed event handler from being executed when it was not fired because of user action. To do so we are going to use its Enabled property.
First all the blocks

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.774975
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Block Guys is going to be there for your goals involving Acrylic Blocks in Old Fort, TN. We have a crew of professional contractors and the most innovative technology available to supply just what you might need. Our materials are always of the best quality and we know how to save you cash. Call us at 888-400-5746 and we will be glad to consider your options, resolve your concerns, and arrange a scheduled appointment to get started scheduling the project.
You will have a spending budget to stick with, and you should spend less money. Though, saving money shouldn't ever signify that you eliminate quality with Acrylic Blocks in Old Fort, TN. Our efforts to save you money won't sacrifice the superior quality of our work. Our aim is to guarantee that you enjoy the highest quality products and a project which endures through the years. We can achieve this by delivering the most suitable savings in the market and avoiding pricey complications. Save your time and money through getting in touch with Acrylic Block Guys now. We are waiting to answer your call at 888-400-5746.
To come up with the best decisions for Acrylic Blocks in Old Fort, TN, you must be informed. We make sure you understand what can be expected. That is why we make every attempt to ensure you are aware of the steps and are not faced with any sort of surprises. Start off by dialing 888-400-5746 to discuss your venture. We're going to review your questions when you call and get

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.765478
Retrieved Text: Everyone desires a straight, ripple free body but few are able to achieve it. Perfect body work calls for the right sanding blocks and sometimes you have to fabricate them yourself. Having the proper tools is the key too every successful job and when it comes time to paint you will want to consider some of the products and equipment marketed through our Business Directory.
1. You will want a wide variety of shapes and sizes to get the desired results. Here is a table of some of our sanding blocks. We have 27 others for color sanding paint before polishing. Here are some but we have more. Some you can buy and some you will want to make yourself.
2. We use Rubatex Rubber to make our blocks. Be aware that if you leave 40 or 80 grit paper on the blocks too long the glue from the paper will come off on the rubber. However it can be cleaned off with paint thinner and a scraper. The best practice is to remove the sand paper from the blocks when you clean up for the day.
3. On long sanding blocks (13 inches or longer) we curve the ends like a sled runner to keep them from digging in, thus eliminating dips. You can warm up the Lexan with an infrared lamp along with a jig of the desired shape. Allow it to cool slowly to prevent distortion.
4. To get good results you will have to maintain your blocks and sharpen them on a regular basis. We run

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.696339
Retrieved Text: Once you start making your quilts I’m sure you want to learn more about this beautiful art.
Once you become a quilter, you want just to keep making more quilts, it doesn’t matter how big or small they are, you just want to make them all, mini, small, medium and big quilts even king size quilts.
This is why you will never get bored of making quilts, there are so many to make and each one of them so pretty you just want to make them all.
What is a Journal Quilt?
When I learned about making quilts, yes I know “it was a long time ago”, we, quilters just had quilts magazines to read about quilts, quilters and different ways to make them.
How lucky we are we live in modern times and we have internet, we can visit so many great quilting blogs and learn a lot from quilts and quilters.
So many new quilting stuff to make and we just want to make each one of them, but at least for me that is not possible, to make them all I must have lots of free time and lots of money.
One day I was lucky to read about Journal Quilts, so I read you can make a different blog to try a new quilting idea, pattern or technique at the end of the year you will have 12 blocks and you will learn 12 different techniques or 12 different patterns, that was a good idea.
How big should you make each one of those blocks?
As for regular quilts, we should

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.677423
Retrieved Text: Just before we left to go to the states for that quick trip in July, I came across some blocks that were already finished. I believe that a lady from FL made them from whose daughter we bought a lot of stuff back in 2015. The quilter has since passed away.
My sis, who sent them to me in a box, had attached a note...."You have more of this fabric in with your patriotic fabrics." So, like a good girl, I went to my patriotic section of my stash and sure enough, she was right! I found some yardage - SOME - not a lot of -- this identical fabric. It was enough to make a border.
I sashed the blocks I had in order to make the top a bit bigger PLUS I wanted to separate those very busy blocks so that they can be appreciated individually.
Now, while I won't give it away as a charity quilt, I'm considering finishing it and giving to a veteran of the US military on THIS side of the ocean!
We'll see how it turns out when I'm all finished - but that's my plan at this point.
I've never worked with this type of block before and each one kind of "humps" in the middle. I'm thinking it isn't a significant amount and can be "quilted out" during the quilting process.
I almost had this done before our trip, but when I went to take a picture of it, I hated what I had for the corners - a 9 patch. It looked

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.666006
Retrieved Text: Planning your next event in Universal City? We've put together some of the most popular event venues and group hotel rooms for you. With at least 4 highly curated Universal City locations to choose from, you won’t be running out of options anytime soon. First, decide what kind of venue you’re looking for. Does your celebration call for one of our 4 venues in Universal City? If so, we recommend Universal Studios Lot - Commissary, Grill & Patio, Universal Studios Lot - Backlot, or Universal Studios Lot - Sound Stages. You can also start reserving a block of hotel rooms to find group hotel rates at an affordable price.
If venues aren’t quite your style, explore some of the other beautiful Universal City venues like Universal Studios Lot - Commissary, Grill & Patio, Universal Studios Lot - Backlot, or Universal Studios Lot - Sound Stages. Some of our favorite venues in Universal City include 1220 Event Space.
We also found some beautiful venues venues like Universal Studios Lot - Commissary, Grill & Patio, Universal Studios Lot - Backlot, and Universal Studios Lot - Sound Stages.
Don't forget to book Universal City hotel room blocks when searching for the perfect venue! We've found group hotel rates at affordable prices to get your search started. Find more information on reserving a block of hotel rooms for a wedding or booking corporate event room blocks.
Why don't you browse through our selection of the top event spaces in Universal City below to get started? With so many amazing venues to select from, Universal

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.631714
Retrieved Text: Here at Acrylic Block Guys, we are ready to meet all your needs regarding Acrylic Blocks in Walpole, NH. We have got a team of experienced contractors and the most advanced solutions in the industry to present everything that you're looking for. We make certain that you receive the best products and services, the best price, and the best products. Call us today at 888-400-5746 to begin.
Our agenda is to make sure you're proud of the outcome of your project. We understand your visions and work needs, and we will do our best to make certain you are happy with our work. We fully understand all your questions and concerns, and our company is there to help you. If you contact us, we're going to reply to all of your questions, and we can even answer the questions and concerns which you didn't remember to ask. With regards to coming up with the ideal decisions for your job, Acrylic Block Guys can help you.
Here at Acrylic Block Guys, we are aware that you need to keep within budget and spend less anywhere it's possible to. You still need to have top standard results on Acrylic Blocks in Walpole, NH, and you can put your confidence in our team to help you save money while continuing with offering the very best quality work. We are going to make sure that our cash conserving goals will never translate to a decreased standard of quality work. We make use of the leading supplies and solutions to be certain that

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.59543
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Block Guys is going to be available for all of your requirements regarding Acrylic Blocks in Valparaiso, IN. You'll need the most advanced modern technology in the field, and our staff of skilled contractors will give you that. We make sure you get the most excellent service, the right selling price, and the very best quality supplies. Call us today at 888-400-5746 and we'll be able to look at your plan of action, resolve the questions you have, and arrange a scheduled appointment to commence arranging your job.
Here at Acrylic Block Guys, we understand that you'll want to remain within budget and spend less everywhere you're able to. Yet, saving money should never suggest that you compromise excellent quality on Acrylic Blocks in Valparaiso, IN. We ensure our money conserving initiatives will never mean a reduced level of craftsmanship. Our aim is to be sure that you acquire the best quality materials and a result which can last throughout the years. We can accomplish this by providing the most suitable bargains around and eliminating pricey blunders. Save your time and cash through calling Acrylic Block Guys right now. We'll be waiting to take your call at 888-400-5746.
When it comes to Acrylic Blocks in Valparaiso, IN, you should be well informed to come up with the very best decisions. You won't want to go in without consideration, and it is best to learn what to prepare for. That's why we make every effort to ensure that you learn the plan and are not confronted with any

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.564829
Retrieved Text: You can easily trust Acrylic Block Guys to present the best services regarding Acrylic Blocks in Elba, AL. Our workforce of skilled experts will supply the expertise that you require with the most innovative technology around. We are going to use excellent products and budget friendly techniques to make certain that you get the very best service at the greatest value. We will assist you to make choices for the mission, answer the questions you have, and schedule an appointment with our contractors when you call us at 888-400-5746.
Acrylic Block Guys targets customer satisfaction to ensure you're ultimately pleased with our services. We recognize your expectations and work standards, and we're going to strive to be sure that you approve of our services. If you have questions and concerns, we offer answers. We're available to serve you. If you give us a call, we're going to respond to your concerns, and we will also address the important questions which you didn't think to ask. With regards to making the right decisions for your job, Acrylic Block Guys is able to help you.
Saving money is an essential part for your job. You will still want professional quality results on Acrylic Blocks in Elba, AL, and you can count on our staff to help you save money while still supplying the top quality services. We provide the very best quality while still saving you money. Any time you do business with our team, you'll receive the advantages of our own expertise and top standard products ensuring that the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.563385
Retrieved Text: At Acrylic Block Guys, we are ready to meet your goals for Acrylic Blocks in Curtis, AR. You'll need the most sophisticated technology in the market, and our group of highly trained experts will provide exactly that. We make sure you receive the very best solutions, the most suitable value, and the best supplies. We can provide help to put together choices for the task, respond to your questions, and set up an appointment with our specialists whenever you contact us by dialing 888-400-5746.
Here at Acrylic Block Guys, we realize that you'll want to stay in budget and lower your costs when it's possible to. You'll still need to get professional quality results with Acrylic Blocks in Curtis, AR, and you're able to rely on our company to help you save money while still offering the highest quality work. Our attempts to help you save money will not compromise the excellent quality of our results. Whenever you do business with our company, you'll have access to the benefit of our own practical knowledge and high quality materials to ensure the project will last even while saving time and funds. We'll achieve this by giving you the most suitable prices around and preventing expensive mistakes. If you need to save cash, Acrylic Block Guys is the service to connect with. You can easily get in touch with our team by dialing 888-400-5746 to start out.
When it comes to Acrylic Blocks in Curtis, AR, you'll need to be informed to make the best judgments. You don't want to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.555569
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Block Guys is available for your needs regarding Acrylic Blocks in Hensel, ND. Our team of experienced experts can offer the support you will need with the most innovative solutions around. We make sure you get the most effective solutions, the best selling price, and the best materials. Contact us today by dialing 888-400-5746 to begin.
You've got a financial budget to follow, and you would like to get lower prices. In the process, you want the absolute best and finest quality of services regarding Acrylic Blocks in Hensel, ND. Our initiatives to help you save money will never compromise the superior quality of our work. We utilize the finest products and practices to make sure that any task is going to tolerate the test of time, and we conserve your funds with strategies that do not alter the quality of the project. We're able to do this by giving you the best bargains available and avoiding expensive complications. Consider Acrylic Block Guys when you need the most impressive support at the best rate. You'll be able to contact our business by dialing 888-400-5746 to start out.
To put together the best choices for Acrylic Blocks in Hensel, ND, you need to be knowledgeable. You should not go into it without consideration, and it is best to know what you should expect. That is why we make every attempt to make sure you are aware of the steps and aren't facing any kind of surprises. Get started by contacting 888-400-5746 to go over your work. We will

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.555033
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Block Guys is going to be available for all your goals involving Acrylic Blocks in Logan, NM. You need the most advanced technology available, and our group of highly skilled professionals will supply that. Our materials are always of the very best quality and we know how to help you save cash. We intend to help you to make decisions for your work, address the questions you have, and organize a meeting with our workers once you give us a call at 888-400-5746.
Here at Acrylic Block Guys, absolutely nothing is more significant than customer care. We want you to enjoy the work we carry out, and we work tirelessly to meet your requirements and expectations. If you've got concerns and questions, we have answers. We'll be there to assist you. We will actually answer the important questions that you did not think of, as we understand what we're doing, and we can predict your requirements. Regarding coming up with the best choices for your own task, Acrylic Block Guys understands how to help.
You have got a financial budget to follow, and you intend to get lower prices. At the same time, you need the most beneficial and highest standard of services for Acrylic Blocks in Logan, NM. We ensure our cash conserving efforts don't indicate a decreased standard of craftsmanship. Our plan is to make sure that you get the finest products and a job which will last over time. That is attainable since we recognize how to save your time and cash on materials

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.550402
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Block Guys is going to be there for all your needs regarding Acrylic Blocks in Fall City, WA. Our team of well trained experts will give you the products and services you need with the most innovative technologies around. Our materials are of the best quality and we are able to save money. We are going to help you to make choices for the venture, address all your questions, and arrange an appointment with our specialists when you contact us at 888-400-5746.
At Acrylic Block Guys, we know that you must keep within budget and spend less whenever it's possible to. You'll still require excellent quality services on Acrylic Blocks in Fall City, WA, and you're able to have faith in our team to help you save money while continuing with offering the very best quality work. Our company offers the very best quality even while helping you save money. We work with the leading products and techniques to make sure that any venture can tolerate the years, and save a little money with strategies that won't alter the excellent quality of your work. As an example, we take care to prevent expensive mistakes, work efficiently to conserve hours, and ensure that you'll get the best discounts on materials and work. Consider Acrylic Block Guys when you're needing the finest solutions at a minimal price. You can get in touch with our staff by dialing 888-400-5746 to begin.
To come up with the best choices for Acrylic Blocks in Fall City, WA, you need to be well

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.544832
Retrieved Text: You're able to depend on Acrylic Block Guys to give you the most effective service regarding Acrylic Blocks in Ten Mile, TN. You are looking for the most innovative technologies in the industry, and our crew of skilled experts will provide that. We make sure you receive the most excellent solutions, the best selling price, and the very best quality supplies. Contact us by dialing 888-400-5746 and we will be glad to discuss the alternatives, reply to your concerns, and organize a consultation to get started planning the project.
At Acrylic Block Guys, nothing is more vital than customer service. We want you to approve of the tasks we achieve, and we work hard to meet up with all of your requirements and visions. We are ready to assist you with all of your concerns and questions. We predict all your questions and concerns, and we are going to address them once you call. You'll want to make the right choices for your own work, and we understand how to assist you to do that.
At Acrylic Block Guys, we understand that you want to stay in your budget and cut costs when you'll be able to. Yet, saving money should not indicate that you give up quality with Acrylic Blocks in Ten Mile, TN. We provide the finest quality while still costing you less. We make use of the best strategies and supplies to guarantee that your venture can hold up against the test of time, and we help you save money in ways which don't alter

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.533512
Retrieved Text: At Acrylic Block Guys, we are available to fulfill all your needs for Acrylic Blocks in Tunica, MS. Our workforce of well trained contractors can provide the expertise that you require with the most sophisticated solutions available. We are going to apply high quality products and affordable techniques to make sure that you have the right support at the best rate. We can provide help to make choices for the work, respond to the questions you have, and arrange a meeting with our workers once you give us a call at 888-400-5746.
You have got a budget to abide by, and you'll want to get lower prices. At the same time, you want the best and highest quality of services regarding Acrylic Blocks in Tunica, MS. Our attempts to cost less money won't sacrifice the high quality of our services. Any time you choose our staff, you'll receive the advantages of our own valuable experience and top quality supplies to be sure that any project will last even while saving your time and funds. We're able to make this happen by offering you the best discounts available and avoiding expensive errors. Save time and funds through contacting Acrylic Block Guys today. You are able to contact our business by dialing 888-400-5746 to start.
You should be kept informed concerning Acrylic Blocks in Tunica, MS. We will never encourage you to come up with poor judgments, as we know just what we're undertaking, and we make sure you know very well what to look forward to from the task.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.499935
Retrieved Text: Here at Acrylic Block Guys, we're here to satisfy your goals for Acrylic Blocks in Camp Hill, AL. We've got a team of competent contractors and the most impressive solutions in the market to deliver exactly what you need. Our products are always of the very best quality and we know how to help you save costs. Call us at 888-400-5746 to learn more.
Here at Acrylic Block Guys, we know that you have to keep within budget and lower your costs when you're able to. You still need top quality results with Acrylic Blocks in Camp Hill, AL, and you can rely on our company to help you save money while still supplying the finest quality work. Our efforts to save you money will never compromise on the superior quality of our services. Our intent is to guarantee that you receive the finest materials and a finished project which lasts throughout the years. This will be feasible since we appreciate how to save you time and money on supplies and work. If you want to spend less money, Acrylic Block Guys is the business to choose. Dial 888-400-5746 to speak with our customer support staff, today.
On the subject of Acrylic Blocks in Camp Hill, AL, you have to be kept informed to make the best judgments. We will not inspire you to put together poor judgments, because we know exactly what we'll be undertaking, and we ensure that you know exactly what to look forward to with the project. That's why we make every effort to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.474297
Retrieved Text: ON THE GO OC - Things to do with your family.: Rainy Days in SoCal !
Rainy Days in SoCal !
Indoor Fun without the Sun !
We love to be on the go out doors - but what do we do when we have to keep warm, avoid getting wet and stay dry ?!
This week has been tough already on the attention span of my son and just forget about my daughter who has been in doors for recess too so there's some bottled up energy .
Crafting - check it out.. you can make a craft, spend time with your kid a bit and also get some dinner done. Set them up with an Ornament making craft that you can pick up at Michael's for maybe $5 after the 40% or 50% off coupon they always have. They usually make 24ish.. some make 12 but either way you can get the ones that are ornaments with holes for pics and give them as Holiday presents to family and friends.
Reading - I find it a lot easier to get into a book of any kind if i can cuddled up and its a bit quieter than usual. I tell my daughter the same. I let her know that we can each read for 20mins while we sit by the fireplace or cuddle foot to foot on the couch . Then we share what we thought about our reading.. This is new for us so were working up to 30mins.. neither one of us "LOVES" to read but were getting

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.441698
Retrieved Text: You are able to have confidence in Acrylic Block Guys to deliver the highest quality solutions regarding Acrylic Blocks in Hinsdale, NH. Our team of qualified experts can provide the expertise that you require with the most sophisticated technologies in the industry. Our materials are always of the highest quality and we understand how to help save you cash. We're going to help you make choices for the work, resolve your questions, and arrange an appointment with our professionals once you give us a call by dialing 888-400-5746.
Our goal is always to guarantee that you will be pleased with the results of your task. You should approve of the job we do, and we will work hard to fulfill all your preferences and visions. We understand all your concerns, and we'll be there to help you. When you call, we will answer your concerns, and we can actually address the inquiries you didn't think to address. With respect to making the ideal choices for your work, Acrylic Block Guys is able to help out.
Being economical is a valuable part for your job. On the other hand, you want the most beneficial and finest quality of services for Acrylic Blocks in Hinsdale, NH. You can expect the finest quality even while still saving you money. Our intent is to be sure that you enjoy the best products and a job which can last as time passes. To illustrate, we are alert to keep clear of expensive errors, deliver the results fast to save hours, and ensure you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.435238
Retrieved Text: Build a huge structure inside Minecraft a lot easier and faster with Better Builder’s Wands mod 1.13 and 1.12.2! Created by username Portablejim, this mod adds four wands that can be used to simplify building process – useful when building mega structures.
Better Builder’s Wands Mod for Minecraft 1.13 adds four different wands that you can use in survival or creative gameplay. These wands are designed to make menial and repetitive building tasks easier and can be used to place several blocks at once in either vertical or horizontal from the player’s crosshair.
The simplest tool can be crafted using two sticks and one cobblestone block. This wand can only place 5 blocks at a time and can only be used horizontally. The wand also has a very low durability and can be broken quite easily.
The second-tier wand can place 9 blocks at a time and has two modes: Vertical placement and Horizontal placement.
The wand for the serious builder, the Diamond Builder’s Wand can place up to 1500+ blocks at once and can be used quite a lot before breaking.
The ultimate wand this mod offers is great for using in Creative mode or if you are really serious in building a huge structure. This final-tier wand can use all the blocks in your inventory in one use and doesn’t run out or break.
The Better Builder’s Wands mod requires Minecraft Forge. The mod can be installed easily by downloading the mod from the link below and dropping the downloaded file in the mods folder inside Minecraft directory.
Minecraft is all

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.419905
Retrieved Text: Was your March a busy month? Mine sure was. I’m ready for April, which might actually end up being busier than March!
Did you make lots of blocks? I had another good month with 99 more to add to my total.
I made a couple more blocks for the Sew Sisters Quilting Bee I’m in. This one is for Amanda Jean at Crazy Mom Quilts.
It’s funny, Amanda and I were both late making and sending our blocks to each other, and without ever discussing it, we both sent our blocks, and on the exact same day we received each other’s blocks! What coincidental timing! We had a good chuckle over it.
I got all ready to put my Whistle Stop quilt top together, and was one block short, so I made one final block for that quilt, and used the leftovers from that quilt to make 48 Log Cabin blocks from homespun. I’ll show you both of those quilts later on.
I’m busy working on some t-shirt quilts for a customer, and I’m counting 12 blocks toward those so far, and naturally, the rest I can’t show you just yet.
But enough about mine, anyway. How did you do?
It’s time to report in and update your totals. We are a group to be reckoned with so far this year — so many blocks are getting made! I have a sneaking suspicion that we’re ahead of last year, altho I never tally up till the end of the year, because I like to be surprised with our numbers.
And we made it past

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.400291
Retrieved Text: At Acrylic Block Guys, we are here to satisfy all of your standards for Acrylic Blocks in Owasso, OK. We have got a staff of specialized contractors and the most advanced solutions in the industry to give you precisely what you might need. We make sure that you receive the most effective products and services, the ultimate value, and the finest quality materials. Give us a call at 888-400-5746 and we'll be glad to talk about the choices, address your questions, and set up a scheduled appointment to commence setting up your job.
At Acrylic Block Guys, we recognize that you have to remain within budget and lower your costs whenever it is possible to. On top of that, you would like the most impressive and finest quality of services regarding Acrylic Blocks in Owasso, OK. Our efforts to save a little money are not going to compromise the excellent quality of our services. We use the very best products and practices to make sure that your task can withstand the years, and save a little money with techniques that will not change the high quality for your project. We will do this by giving you the most suitable discounts in the industry and preventing costly blunders. If you need to find great deals, Acrylic Block Guys is the service to contact. Our company is ready to take your call at 888-400-5746.
You have to be well informed when it comes to Acrylic Blocks in Owasso, OK. We will never inspire you to come up with unwise judgments,

================



======= Instance Index 1299 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are decreased or increased ):

More recently, the death rate has fallen because of the availability of more food and medical advances.


When people learned how to farm the population decreased or increased?

Target Text: increased

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.740585
Retrieved Text: Call or email ​Julie Price to discuss how your idea might fit with this funding opportunity.
​My family is settler population and has lived in Canada and United States for the past 4-6 generations. My mother’s family is from a small mixed farm in southwestern Manitoba, Treaty 1 Territory. My dad was born in northern Manitoba (Snow Lake, Treaty 5 Adhesion) and lived in many different small communities growing up. Since I was very young, I have always been interested in food, farming, and community building. My mother’s father, Ivan Adams, was one of the most influential people in my life and he taught me how to care for the land while raising good food and being a loving community member.
I currently live in Winnipeg with my three children and my partner. As a family, we spend much of our time at the family farm and camping on the land. We berry pick, raise bees, grow vegetables and I aspire to learn how to hunt. We are trying to raise our kids, and remind ourselves to think critically, be kind, and keep it local.
My ‘formal’ education is in Agriculture and Natural Resource Management. While I appreciate what I learned in school, what I have learned from my elders and community members has been extremely formative and invaluable in shaping my worldview. My relationships with the people of organizations like Harvest Moon Local Foods Initiative, Ithinto Mechisowin Program, Farmers’ Markets Association of Manitoba, Opaskwayak Culture & Healthy Living Initiatives, and Vive le Vert (there are so many others!)

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.58747
Retrieved Text: Furrows in the Desert (FID) is an agricultural development project introducing sustainable agriculture in the Turkana region in northern Kenya, to contribute towards food security and the generation of income for the local population. FID is a community-participatory joint program of the Arava Center for Sustainable Development, the Missionary Community of Saint Paul the Apostle, and Brit Olam, and local semi-nomadic communities of north Turkana. Arava Institute alumna Noa Gluskinos joined the project at the beginning of February to volunteer for six months and will be sending us monthly impressions of her experience at the farm.
After a month and a half at Lobur, Turkana, Kenya, and meeting the same people every day – and there are not a lot of people here –, I feel as if I have been living in this village and working on this farm for years. Connections are made quickly, and you soon know everyone, who their kids are, what they do, what makes them laugh, and who they don’t like.
This month we started teaching theoretical lessons and the trainees surprised us with their attention and listening. Because most of them never went to school and don’t know how to read and write we need to find creative ways to teach them the theoretical material. Tiki instructed the trainees to draw plants the way they see them in Plant Anatomy lessons, and Roy hung drawings that tell the story of the development of agriculture in his History of Agriculture class. Ayelet taught them how to cook the vegetables they grow, and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.291895
Retrieved Text: Today at Singing Earth Farm near Boulder Utah I just watched this video on Joel Salatin where he basically summarize today’s situation with these words “when young people can’t get in, old people can’t get out”. The average farmer in the US today is sixty he says and many young people who would like to farm can’t afford to buy land.
I thought it was so interesting that I found this video and heard about his new book Field of Farmers at a time when my wife and I, with our friend Lance, are just in that process of figuring out how to attract people to our farm. Especially a farm that is in a remote area like Boulder, UT.
What is the profile of a person who would be passionate about joining us on the farm. We have learned that practical skills, the kind you need on a farm, which basically are numerous, from gardening, animal husbandry, building, marketing, mechanical skills and so on are essential but not sufficient. What we have learned is how important is the human factor. We may be highly skilled in one specific area or many, but if we don’t have good communication skills, it’s just not going to work. That is a point often neglected, but of crucial importance.
So then the profile becomes a more complex thing. Now not only are we looking for people who are passionate about permaculture, sustainable building, about building a close relationship with the land, people who have a project they’d like to develop, now we

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.528711
Retrieved Text: An Account Of The First Recorded Pandemic In Human History Was Written By _____.
Trace historic reasons for the increase in global populations by selecting all correct answers. Around 8,000 BC people learned to farm and raise animals.
In the 15th century, plants from the Americas were taken to Europe to provide new foods.
Life expectancy increased with treatment for diseases.
Which of the following could affect the human population? A deadly virus emerges that can pass from human to human.
A civil war breaks out in Italy.
Why is most of the growth in global population seen in developing countries? Due to sanitation and agricultural advances, yet poverty and lack of family planning.
If most of the population growth in the future is expected to take place in developing countries, predict what effects this will likely have. People in these countries will live in poverty.
There will be an increase in demand for access to basic goods and services.
Why did the 1918 outbreak of the Spanish flu cause so many deaths? The influenza virus was a strain to which people had no immunity.
What is likely to happen to a country’s economy if its population is affected by a disease pandemic? Economic productivity would decline.
How did the Industrial Revolution change society? Select all the correct responses. People moved from rural areas into cities to be closer to factories.
Disease spread easily with people living closer together.
Educational facilities were needed so workers would learn to read and write.
Housing for workers was needed.
What are three characteristics of the agricultural revolution? New tools made it possible for more

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.8353
Retrieved Text: Above all else, Animal Farm is an allegory and a fable – a tale in which a political or social statement is made by giving animals human characteristics. Students of history and political science will of course recognize the tale of the story of Stalin’s rise to power in Communist Soviet Union and his corruption of the ideals of the political ideology of socialism through brute force and purges, and his establishment of an autocratic ruling class of himself and closest colleagues. Beyond that, the novel can also be seen as a comment on basic human nature, which is one of the themes presented. While this novel is a quick, short read, it is packed with conflicts and themes, any of which will make a great Animal Farm essay topic. Here are several topics from the elements of this novel.
A number of Animal Farm essay questions relate to the plot.
How does Napoleon turn the destruction of the windmill by outside humans as a means to consolidate his power and purge the farm of his enemies?
Where is the climax in this novel, or are there more than one?
Does the ending provide any hope for the general population at Animal Farm?
What is the significance of Napoleon changing the name of the farm and of continually changing the 7 Commandments?
Essays on Animal Farm characters are very revealing about political and non-political individuals within a society.
Contrast the personalities of Snowball and Napoleon. Do they have any common traits?
Write a character sketch of Boxer. How does he represent all workers in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.565695
Retrieved Text: We all got up to eat breakfast together and then after we were finished eating we had our last lectures. These lectures were very convinient. Because Smola, the main island we're on, is so small the lecture was brought to us at the Vagar Brygga. We heard from a community worker about the island and how the wind farm affects the community. In Smola 80% of the population support the windmills. Without the windmills they would not have any broadband. The broadband is strong together with the power cables that connect the wind farm to the rest of Norway. There are many positive affects with the windmills. After that lecture we heard from a Statkraft employee. He was very informative about the windmills. Apparently they built the wind farm in two steps. The first step was in 2002 and there were 20 2MWh windmills. In step two, which was in 2005, they put up 48 more windmills but these ones are 2.2MWh. We also learned the structure of the mills. After that we heard a lecture on the fundamentals about energy. The presenter gave a very clear explanation as to what is quality energy and how quality and quantity are different. After these lectures we had a bit of free time before the bus came to bring us to the wind farm. It was shocking to see that people were not playing cards. Today's entertainment was "Who wants to be a millionaire." Once the bus arrived we all grabbed a sandwich and a pop and got

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.535284
Retrieved Text: I'm psyched. The Funky Chicken Coop Tour is today. I hadn't realized how many people here in Austin keep chickens. I plan to keep some out at the land. Now I can see how people with less room than I have manage to keep chickens without annoying their neighbors.
For more info, see http://fccooptour.blogspot.com/.
Suddenly I'm hearing about urban chickens all over the place. I think it's a terroristic plot to place avian flu vectors in high-population areas so that when the time is right, our enemies can unleash the genetically modified virus that will infect domestic fowl and quickly jump to all the annoying neighbors whose roosters wake everyone up way too early. And everyone else too.
Some friends of mine have a small (5 acre) chicken farm specializing in heritage breeds. One's a teacher and the other works at NH cooperative extension so they do a lot of farm education stuff.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.418655
Retrieved Text: Tell us about your agriculture background.
I am the fourth generation on my family’s 500-acre crop and beef farm, which was originally a dairy. Though my family no longer focuses on dairy production, I have always had a dairy background. When I was eight my parents bought me my first Holstein and I was a member of the Cochranton Blue Ribbon 4-H Club for my entire 4-H career. I graduated with a degree in Animal Science from the Pennsylvania State University in 2014 and am currently pursuing a concurrent master’s degree in the Psychology of Leadership and Public Administration.
You spent time as the state's Dairy Princess.
I loved the people! It didn’t matter if it was a resident of Philadelphia or a member of a 4-H club from rural Pennsylvania, I loved hearing people’s stories!
Currently, I work as a legislative aide to a member of the State House. However, I am in transition and will soon be working for the Pennsylvania Republican Party as a Field Organizer for the upcoming election cycle.
Farm Bureau members be more effective in the legislative process?
2) Get to know your legislators.
Any time you call, email, or visit a legislative office, that meeting is recorded so that the legislator can revisit that information at any time. If there is a particularly controversial piece of legislation being voted on, elected officials have the ability to look back at those visits and your opinions to get a better idea of how their constituency feels about that topic. The only way for local, state, and federal elected

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.209284
Retrieved Text: Cross Street Flower Farm is a 7-acre flower farm with a 300+ member flower CSA dreamed up and run by two friends, Nikki Bartley and Cara Gilmartin.
We grow over 50 varieties of speciality cut flowers from April to November using organic, sustainable methods. Our Flower CSA is the biggest part of our business, and we have 7 convenient pick up locations around the South Shore and at our farm. Your purchase of a CSA flower share helps us tremendously with planning how much to grow, having capital to buy seeds and supplies in the winter, and reducing our marketing costs and time during our busy season. We also host workshops and events at the farm during the season and sell our blooms to the top wedding designers in the area. This summer 2019 we will open a Flower Shop at the farm to make our flowers more available to the community.
We are buoyed by the support and demand for our flowers in our South Shore community. Our customers tell us they love that our field grown flowers are more vibrant, fresh, fragrant and last longer than flowers available from florists or the grocery store. We harvest and arrange our flowers into elegant, hand-tied bouquets and get them to you the next day.
Cross Street Flower Farm is located on leased town land at the historic Jacobs Farm on Main Street in the beautiful, New England town of Norwell, MA. Jacobs Farm is an iconic gem in our town, and we take great pride in stewarding the land.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.195251
Retrieved Text: After the spike in profits to $575/cow in 2014, the cow-calf sector has been faced with much tighter margins for several years now – and next year promises to bring more of the same. That’s the bottom line from David Widmar, an agricultural economist with ageconomists.com and Purdue University, who will be the keynote speaker at GrowingOn® 2019 at five locations in Kansas in December. He points to revenues declining faster than production costs as the cause of the squeeze.
As producers seek to maintain black ink, paying close attention to feed and pasture costs is critical, Widmar says. Combined, these costs account for two-thirds of total variable costs and about half of all costs.
KFMA records for 2017 also indicate the difference in feed cost between the top third and bottom third of producers based on a margin of 30 percent for calves and almost 40 percent for feeder cattle, with the higher-margin third paying $89/head less per calf and almost $163 less per feeder.
The difference in pasture rent is less, with the higher-margin producers paying 10 percent more per calf and 20 percent more per feeder. In other words, they likely have better-quality pastures.
Some other costs have even larger percentage differences between top-third and bottom-third margins, but they are less important on the whole due to their smaller role in overall costs.
Overall, the high-margin producers using KFMA had net returns $334 per head higher than the low-margin producers.
Widmar will share his outlook for cattle and swine production, prices and margins at Frontier Farm Credit’s free GrowingOn

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.176716
Retrieved Text: “By the Waters of Babylon” is a story set in a post-apocalyptic world narrated by the son of a village priest named John. John learns from his father how to collect metal from the Dead Places and how to purify it so it can be used by his people. When he becomes comfortable doing this by himself, John decides that it is time for him to go on his journey. John dreams that he is destined to take a journey to the Place of the Gods, a trip forbidden by his people. After traveling for eight days, John crosses the great river, and arrives at the Place of the Gods, realizing that it wasn’t full of evil spirits and demons like he had originally been taught. One night, while he was sleeping, John dreamt about the Gods and how they lived in the city. When he wakes, John realizes that the Gods lived like the people in his village did, not like gods. The next day, John began his journey home. When he arrives home, John tells his father what he learned at the Place of the Gods, but is prohibited to tell anyone else what he saw and discovered. John’s father tells John that the things John learned on his journey could be too much information and overwhelm his population he and his father agreed that too much knowledge at once could overwhelm the population and cause issues. In “By the Waters of Babylon”, Benet popularized modern science fiction, incorporated multiple themes, and used a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.029549
Retrieved Text: Much of what Americans consume in the U.S. is produced by farm workers of Latina/o descent. The berries, nuts, meat, and pasta that we eat, and the hops and grapes that we drink, for instance, are made possible in large part by the skilled labor of farm workers. Farm workers, however, tend to be socially, geographically, and economically disadvantaged. They often labor in rural areas, and are therefore physically invisible to the majority of Americans. Farm workers tend to be racial and ethnic minorities, and are often immigrants. They are often poorly compensated for their labor. The multiple forms of oppression that they experience further contribute to their isolation and invisibility. Similar to the rest of the U.S., farm workers in Idaho face social and economic challenges. While Idaho farm workers face long hours, low wages, and inadequate housing, they continue to produce for the consumption habits of Americans, as well as for global markets. Building on our previous work in immigration studies (Meierotto) and agriculture and food system inequality (Som Castellano), we decided to conduct research examining the well-being of farm workers and their families in Idaho.
We began conducting ethnographic research with Idaho agricultural workers In December 2016. We wanted to learn more about the challenges farm workers face in maintaining their well-being, paying particular attention to household food security and the labor of food provisioning. What we learned was illuminating.
The southwestern part of the state has seen an increasing agricultural focus on the production of hops in recent years. Driving the shift is consumer

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.985544
Retrieved Text: If you refuse to look at another farm game because it either resembles Farmville or couldn’t match Farmville, you’ll miss out on a fun farm remix about saving the chicken population. AppMania‘s new Farm It! Seasons is unlike any Old McDonald tune you’ve ever sung and it’s worth checking out.
As the heroic head rooster on the farm you’re obliged to solve the chick population problem by giving the hens a little action. To do this you have to tap near the hens and watch as they partake in a short and clever animation session of jump rope or something like it.
Being the man of many hens doesn’t come without its trials though, and keeping the hens laying and happy isn’t any old walk in the park. There’s an elderly brown rooster at your heels and ready to give you a beating unless you place feed in front of him on time. There’s also a dog happy to ruffle your feathers if you try anything while he’s awake. Apparently the farm is full of enemies ready to stick their nose in your business.
To gain victory over these nosy troublemakers you have to tap your rooster to different parts of the farm strategically, picking up bonuses and dropping them in front of enemies just as they approach. Avoid all the wrong things while giving the hens all the right things at just the right time.
The resulting game is a kind of modern day Pac Man where the half circled bad guys take the shape of farm animals and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.947105
Retrieved Text: All great relationships begin in a lunch line. That’s the reflection I had after Marlene Eick interviewed me for her podcast (check out episode 67 of Live Your Story) and I subsequently interviewed her for this blog feature. Even though Marlene and I grew up one county apart and attended The Ohio State University 3 years apart, we didn’t meet until we were in the lunch line at the AmericanHort young professional’s conference, where we were both keynote speakers. We knew from there we needed to meet and chat small town upbringing, 4-H, and living the coaching and speaking life. I hope you enjoy learning more about Marlene’s journey from a small town to making it big as a business owner, life coach, speaker and podcast host.
Where did you grow up? Marlene grew up outside Jenera, Ohio, a town of about 200 in the northwest part of the state. Her parents had a swine and grain farm when she was young and her childhood revolved around life on the farm, time at church and school, and activities in 4-H and FFA (Future Farmers of America).
What has been your geographic journey from the time you left your small town? After graduating from her high school class of 75 students in 2001, she attended The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, and then moved to Gainesville, Florida, to complete a graduate program at the University of Florida. Marlene spent a summer in both Des Moines and Denver along the way for internships. When she finished her master’s degree,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.889511
Retrieved Text: Von D Makes a Splash!
Happy Mother’s Day, Julie Sheep!
First time playing in the pasture for rescued baby goats Duncan, Thomas, and Tove!
Happy “Rebirthday” to Patrick Goat!
Meet Pickles, a piglet who’s small but mighty!
On National Pig Day, a visit with Truffles, Maggie, and Sebastian!
Farm Sanctuary residents enjoying the warmer weather!
Meet Tofu chicken, a true survivor!
Saying goodnight to our bovine friends at our New York Shelter!
Valentine’s Day Salad with a Twist!
Pigs going to bed at Farm Sanctuary!
Meet Regina, a three-legged lamb who’s a true survivor!
Thank You for Helping Farm Animals in 2016!
Farm Sanctuary VR Tour Experience!
Happy Birthday to Julia’s Babies!
Snack time for Patrick goat!
Mouse pig gets a belly rub!
Piglets at play: Meet Lucy and Ricky!
Pip the former Buzzfeed duckling finds his forever home!
Monet and Matisse: From foie gras farm to fun in the grass!
Belinda cow eating her hay: No teeth, no problem!
Happy Thanksgiving from Our Flock to Yours!
Patrick goat reaches for the high leaves!
Smart piglets Anna and Maybelle know how to sit!
Moo Monday at Farm Sanctuary!
Introducing Hazelton the Lamb Born at Farm Sanctuary!
The Conscientious Table – Rethinking our food system @ Crossroads in L.A.
Leona Lewis – Speaks about when she first became involved in animal rights.
When you learned about Julia, What Did You Do?
When you learned about Sonny, What Did You Do?
Emily Deschanel, Joan Jett, Kevin Nealon, talk about when they learned about animal cruelty.
National Conference to End Factory Farming – Joel Fuhrman, M.D.
National Conference to End Factory Farming – Holly Cheever, D.V.M.
National Conference to End Factory Farming – Michael Greger, M.D.
Peter Dinklage Leads the 2012 Walk for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.848457
Retrieved Text: Editor’s note: This is the third in our “You Grow, Girl!” series highlighting female farmers – from the northern reaches of Canada, to the heartland of the U.S., to the western coast of Africa, to the rolling hills of France and beyond. The series aims to amplify the voice of female farmers who play vital roles in helping farms thrive. These amazing women nurture their families and fields. Here, they share their unique perspectives on food, family and farming.
For this post, we looked inside our walls at General Mills to highlight an employee who grew up on a farm and puts to work both the values she learned and an agricultural lens in her role on our Consumer Insights team.
Leslie Turner is a senior consumer insights associate on the Convenience Store Snacks business. She began her career at General Mills in 2009 in Demand Planning, within Logistics, before taking on various roles in Consumer Insights.
Where did you grow up and what was it like growing up on a farm?
I grew up in south-central Kansas on a third-generation purebred beef cattle farm. From a young age, I was very involved in raising and showing Chianina (pronounced kee-ah-knee-na) cattle, and as I grew older I served as a state and national officer for Future Farmers of America (FFA). I loved all aspects of farm life, even getting up as early as 5:30 a.m. to feed and water cattle.
Did you always know you wanted to be involved in the food industry – either in farming or manufacturing?
Although my family

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.776564
Retrieved Text: Did you know over 30,000 agriculture family members in Georgia have some type of disability? Occupational, and physical therapists along with other health care professionals play an important role in preparing farmers and ranchers to return to work. This hands-on workshop will demonstrate ways to better serve the agricultural population. Learn about farm culture, daily work demands, how to communicate effectively with your patients who are farmers, specialized assistive technology solutions and much more.
On the first day of the workshop you will learn about farm culture, impact of disability, assistive technology and much more. On the second day we will have a fun-filled day touring several different types of agricultural operations. You will get to apply much of what you learned on the first day. See first-hand many of the physical tasks and equipment required for a variety of agricultural jobs.
Registration includes a workbook, supplies, continental breakfast and a lite lunch. Transportation is provided to the farm tour sites.
Due to farm tours, space is limited. Register today!
Approved for 11.5 contact hours through the Physical Therapy Association of Georgia (PTAG) and the University of Georgia. Application pending with Georgia Occupational Therapy Association (GOTA).
Checks are accepted but must be received within 5 days of registering for the event. Make checks payable to the University of Georgia. Mail payments to: Farm Again, IHDD / UGA, 850 College Station Road, Athens GA 30605.
Myrtice Atrice has been a physical therapist for 32 years in various capacities both treating patients and managing the physical therapy treatment staff. She currently is the Therapy

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.746822
Retrieved Text: I thought it was about time I write a few lines about this wonderful project I learned of some time ago, namely, how African honey bees are helping to save elephants – and merely by their presence!
Of course, we – especially in the West, love elephants. We are fascinated by these amazing and intelligent creatures. We get very, very angry when they are killed for their tusks.
However, for the Africans who live in close proximity to elephants, life can be challenging, resulting in human-elephant conflict. The reason for this, is quite simply because of elephant raids on crops upon which the people depend for survival. Population growth has ultimately put people in conflict with elephants.
"The root cause of human-elephant conflict is the exploding human population growth and resultant pressure on elephant habitat. Habitat loss and degradation inevitably lead to conflict. As Kenya's human population soars, elephant populations will continue to be under greater pressure."
However, a brilliant and innovative solution has been found, using honey bees to create a ‘Bee Hive Fence’.
Why are bees being used to deter elephants?
It has been found that elephants will avoid trees where bee nests or swarms are present.
Less dangerous – when the local people attempt to guard their crops themselves, they risk their own lives. The bee hive fence means the people can leave the bees to deter the elephants!
It prevents the killing of elephants – elephants populations are in a dire state, so this is a very good thing!
Using honey bees is a very cost effective way of deterring the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.725624
Retrieved Text: Coming into work at Quiet Valley Living Historical Farm, I knew very little about livestock, thus the baby pigs have been an exciting challenge. My dad, in his twenties, had worked on a pig farm. He told me that if you fell into a pig pen, the hogs would eat you. (That’s why the farm hands freak out when Dorothy falls in during the Wizard of Oz.) And no degree of Charlette’s Web or Babe could dissuade the thought in the back of my mind that was reinforced by Criminal Minds; pigs are an excellent way to dispose of a body. So I have to admit I’m a little surprised by how gentle and loving Squeakers is to her babies. I’ve learned a lot about pigs and wanted to share some of the fun facts about them.
Pigs were likely first domesticated in China around 13,000 years ago. Most pigs are omnivores that means they tend to eat the same food as humans. In one of my anthropology classes, we learned that people who live in desert regions tend not to keep pigs, since they compete for the same food source. It is much better to keep goats and sheep that eat things humans can’t, like grasses and shrubs.
Pigs are very intelligent animals. They are able to be house trained. During the 1700s and 1800s many country fairs where home to a Learned Pig. These animals were often trained to pick up cards to spell words and perform math problems. They often became a good source of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.689165
Retrieved Text: We just arrived back after an amazing long weekend in beautiful Shenandoah Virginia, celebrating the FOOD FREEDOM FESTIVAL. This event was hosted by the FARM TO CONSUMER LEGAL DEFENSE FUND and THE NUTRITIONAL THERAPY ASSOCIATION. We arrived at the event not knowing what to expect, but with eager minds to learn what was going on with our current food system in the U.S. We wanted to learn what was wrong with the current government food paradigm, and what we could do as ambassadors to help make changes within this system. We quickly learned how important sustainable farming practices are for our culture, and how this movement will impact our generation and the generations to follow. This movement is necessary for ourselves, our families, and our home, the planet earth.
On Friday, we learned all about FDA and USDA regulations that affect small farmers, and the persecution they face from a corrupt bureaucracy. We listened to Lawyers, Senators, Farmers, and even a Bio-Chemist. We learned how farmers and their consumers can best respond in moments of crisis during government raids and interventions. Most importantly, we learned how the paleo community needs to switch their focus to food quality. We need a conscious awareness of where our food comes from, and the impact these choices we make have on us. This is the direction the paleo community needs to go in, if we truly care about healing ourselves and our future generations. We are pleased that our company PALEO ON THE GO sources our food only from quality farms,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.620823
Retrieved Text: In my hometown of San Juan, Batangas, I used to wake up to the sound and smell of my lolo and lola’s menagerie of animals — grunting pigs, clucking chickens, barking dogs, bleating goats, mooing cows and carabao.
The back of my lolo and lola’s house had a small farm. I used to help them feed the chickens, pigs, dogs and goats, and to clean the surroundings; it became my morning routine, which I grew to love.
From a young age, my grandparents taught me to be friendly and kind not just to humans, but also to animals.
The small farm was a magical place for me, a paradise where I had fun and learned many things. I learned how to love animals, to respect and take care of them.
Every morning, I looked forward to spending time not only with the animals, but also with my lolo and lola.
I loved how the rays of the sun kissed my skin every morning when I fed the chickens. I loved the sound the pigs made when I sauntered past their cages. I liked how the dogs wagged their tails at me. I got fascinated by the sight of the cow and the carabao drinking water, and the bleating of the goats as they devoured their food.
And I loved being in the company of my lolo and lola. Even if my parents were not around, I grew up to be a cheerful and loving person because of them. Taking care of the animals in my grandparents’ small farm helped me cope with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.614979
Retrieved Text: How a new generation of farmers and dietitians are leading the way in taking the fear out of food.
If you think of big agriculture giants when you think of farming, you may need to re-evaluate what you know about farming. Almost 97% of American farms are family owned.
Part of my job as a dietitian is to be a bridge between those who source our food supply and the consumer. That’s why farm tours and similar educational experiences are so important. I learned so much on a recent trip to the farmlands of Southern Georgia about the way a new generation of farmers is shaping the industry and how as young dietitians, we can shape the future of food and nutrition education to consumers.
Farmers aren’t what you think they are anymore. The way they farm and do business progresses just like the rest of the world. And that’s not a scary thing. It’s actually a great thing! I had the opportunity to learn first-hand just how it’s done from some of the most intelligent, forward-thinking people in the farming industry this week. These new family farmers are the ones feeding our nation, and they want to show you how they raise crops. They want to be transparent to build trust with consumers that are growing more suspicious every day.
In my recent travels, I got to see how advanced automated irrigation systems (developed right in my own city of Lubbock, TX) can detect the moisture level of the soil in different sections of fields and water just as

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.543932
Retrieved Text: When we moved to Kenya we understood that we were moving to a land of people that we didn't understand. We knew we would be the minority of people there and that we would stand out in a crowd. We understood that we would be learning to embrace a new way of living and thinking and understanding. I prayed so hard to win the hearts of the people there. I wanted desperately to bond with them so that I could learn to share my faith more effectively and help them know my God and all that He had done for me.
God blessed my prayers. I learned so much about the culture in Kenya and I fell in love with the people there. I was very interested in learning as much as I could about Kenya. I loved the food. My palette expanded in wonderful ways as I learned to enjoy so many different dishes. I loved the market. I loved how people would stop and greet each other on the street and ask several questions instead of simply raising a hand in greeting and passing on. I knew I didn't understand so much so I was constantly asking questions and trying to understand so that I could really connect.
Then we moved to South Africa and a funny thing happened. I still understood there was a lot of things I would need to learn and understand. But I thought that only applied to the black African population. I thought I understood the white population because I was

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.52651
Retrieved Text: It’s the quiet — and the open space — that 35-year-old Pablo Lancaster cherishes. For two months, Lancaster has gotten the chance to come out to the farm and work with six horses. It’s a nice change of pace for Lancaster, who has been incarcerated for more than a decade on burglary charges.
While caring for horses at Second Chances Horse Farm in Sykesville, prisoners from the Central Maryland Correctional Facility who are nearing release learn skills that will help them when they return to society.
Sarah Stein, the program director, said this program is about bringing horses who no longer have a racing career together with inmates who need to learn how to develop a skill. It’s been going on since around 2009 or 2010, she said, and is one of nine programs in the country that partners with the Thoroughbred Retirement Foundation.
“The guys who get to come here are ... on good behavior in the prison and are looking for an outside detail,” she said.
They’re at the farm every day, for almost eight hours each day, starting around 7:30 a.m.
The men feed the horses, do field work, groom the horses and more. There’s also some classroom time, she said, to learn about how to take care of the animals.
“They are interacting with horses who are animals who — due to their nature of being prey animals — their main goal is to stay safe. And so the way they interact with other beings is to have a relationship that is always about feeling safe and feeling

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.513754
Retrieved Text: This is the time of year when families across the US gather together to give thanks for their blessings and celebrate each other. Over the years, our family has occasionally started out Thanksgiving Dinner with having everyone share something that they are thankful for. Usually it brings about a couple of eye rolls, but everyone begrudgery comes up with something.
In dairy, we spend so much time lately focused on the challenges we face – low milk prices, challenging weather patterns, uncertainty about our future. It’s easy to let our problems overshadow the blessings we do have in our industry. However, I would challenge every one of us who work in dairy to make a list of what you are most grateful for in this industry.
So, what reason do we in dairy have to be thankful right now? There are so many of them. Here are just a few that I came up with.
Our Product. When I was young, everyone knew that milk was nature’s most nearly perfect food. It did not change. It is still the most complete source of nutrients naturally available and one of the most versatile products on the marketplace. Name one other commodity that can be made into as many different products as milk can. I cannot think of any.
A Growing Customer Base. By 2050, the world population is expected to be nearly 10 billion people. The largest growing segment of the population is beyond our US borders, with 90 percent of the mouths we feed outside of the US. As populations

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.492493
Retrieved Text: In the fifth grade we go to Farm School in February every year. At Farm School on Wednesday night we square danced and on Thursday night we did a Variety show.
During the square dancing we did a heel toe and a do si do. The music was done by the farmers, Charlie and one other guy. Charlie was playing the fiddle and the other guy was playing the bass. Everyone was having fun and enjoying themselves. We were dancing and laughing and just having a good time.
On Thursday night, the Variety show was a big hit! There were performances of all types and personalities. People told stories, did skits, comedy and there was a big variety of things. For instance, Saadiq and I, told a story. Saadiq told it, and I acted it out. Now it wasn’t a talent show because, you don’t need talent to be in it.
At Farm School the farmers showed us how to play some games. One example is we learned Yeeha! You play it by saying Yeeha! and you use one arm. There are 29 different moves but we only learned pitchfork,haybarn,i got a snake in my boot, and down little doggie.We also learned another game called Cows, Cows, Cross My Pasture. You do that by running from end to end and there is an “electric fence” that you can not touch or go past and try not to get caught by the two farmers. If you get tagged you become a plant called a thistle and try to tag people

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.485853
Retrieved Text: I was born in Alabama; my family had 25 acres of land on which I grew up. My family and I did a lot of farming: picking cotton, corn, tomatoes, cabbage, and collard greens. When I was still young, we moved to Atlanta, but we always had a garden. A year ago when we were talking about new projects to do at Mercy, I suggested that we have a garden. The church does not have any land though, so we could not do it.
When I was at the library a couple weeks ago, I was reading the weekly newspaper, Atlanta Intown. I found an article about Concrete Jungle; I thought it was really cool that they shook trees to get fruit and donated it to the homeless. I got really excited about it and showed the article to one of my pastors. I learned that Concrete Jungle donates to us at Mercy and that my pastor farms with them.
I went to the farm that weekend to help out. When I got to the farm I saw a huge field with ten to thirteen garden beds with tomatoes, collard greens, cabbage, and watermelon growing. After meeting some of the other volunteers, I got right to work pulling up weeds, making tomato cages, watering plants, and digging beds. I talked with the Concrete Jungle people and learned about how they started the organization.
I really enjoyed being outside and doing something different. It was a good change of pace from reading in the library. I am looking forward to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.461332
Retrieved Text: A month before we packed our bags in Brooklyn and headed down to the farm, we attended a screening of a documentary called The Greenhorns.
The film shared the stories of young farmers across the country, giving a taste of the joys and challenges of starting out as a farmer in today’s world – which is no easy feat. I was shocked to learn from the film that the average farmer in the US today is 57. What’s going to happen when they all retire?
Soon enough, we found ourselves in farm country where we have made friends with quite a few folks who are really serious about farming. Perhaps owing to the interest generated by our own kitchen garden, or it could be due to our involvement with a locavore group and the farmers market, or maybe it’s just because we tend to like people who get their hands dirty, I would say that most of the people we have befriended here make their living producing food.
Then a few months ago, I learned that Storey Publishing would be releasing an anthology of essays from the same group who produced that fantastic documentary. I jumped at the chance to receive a complimentary copy to review.
Greenhorns – 50 Dispatches from the New Farmers’ Movement is a collection of memoirs by members of the Greenhorns community. Many of them humorous, some heart-piercing, I found these essays gave a voice to the people across the country who – against the odds – find joy in the hard work they put in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.45759
Retrieved Text: My house sits on what used to be farm land. Well, it was farm land 20 odd years or so ago. I’m not the original owner of my home but the couple that it was purchased from had it built. I bought this place because it was in the south metro and it was kinda quiet here.
And then they expanded the north/south runways at MSP. That’s OK by me because I did spend 20 years in the Air Force and what’s a little plane noise? I mean it’s hard for me to sleep without a little plane noise at night.
And then the Gen X couples decided that they wanted to move to the burbs to raise their families. The other areas of the metro area were pretty well expanded and this south metro area offered all sorts of room to build new houses on. So I watched the farm land to my west and to my south and to my east be sold off and turned into new housing areas. It amused me when I heard people complain about “the farm smell” from the two dairy farms south of me. They’re century farms that have milk cows. Milk cows eat and poop and pee. What did you expect? I’ll hate the day that they close the farms and sell.
Little by little civilization has creeped in and taken over this area. But nature resists as much as it can and it tries to return this place back to nature. Every once in a while the planes aren’t

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.417923
Retrieved Text: Farm country looks easy to hunt. But various factors combine to make every day different. Here's how the Drury brothers approach this shifting matrix of conditions.
In the combined eight decades Missouri brothers Mark and Terry Drury have chased big whitetails in the farm country of the Midwest, they’ve learned a few things ­— some the hard way.
The first lesson they learned was simple: A whitetail is still a whitetail, no matter where it lives.
Mark says farm-country bucks offer some unique challenges because of the agriculture and native foods they rely on, not to mention the mix of habitat types: rolling, tree-lined hills, open fields and dense creek bottoms. And of course, you must factor in the habits of people working and living on the land. All these variables impact where big bucks are and when they move.
“Because their food sources and bedding areas are often so close in certain areas of farm country, it does make it more difficult for hunters to intersect with the travels of a mature buck,” Mark says. Now add in the changing seasons, crop rotation, livestock, domestic animals, predators, human workers and other intrusion into the deer’s back yard. Finally, factor in the element of different buck personalities within a deer herd, and daytime deer movement easily can be suppressed.
When that happens, key points the brothers have learned over the years serve as their bedrock hunting principles. And in the breadbasket of America, one of those factors is obvious: food.
As the season progresses, harvested corn crops and other ag fields frequently

================



======= Instance Index 1257 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are stay straight or bend ):

In refraction of light, the greater the change in speed, the more light bends.


When light speeds up it is more likely to stay straight or bend?

Target Text: bend

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.77063
Retrieved Text: Getting a driver’s license is an exciting time for teens, but it can be stressful for parents. Drivers who are 16 have higher crash rates than drivers of any other age, and 20% of teens have an accident in their first year of driving.
Like other drivers, teens have some good and bad habits. The good—they are twice as likely to wear seat belts as their parents. The bad—56% of teens use their phones while driving.
•Phone usage. Avoid talking on the phone. If necessary, use a hands-free device. Absolutely NO texting, social media, or other Internet usage.
•Seat belts. Always wear them and insist your passengers do too.
•Speeding. Obey the speed limit—going over the limit doesn’t add up to getting there much faster.
•Passenger distractions. The more people in the car, the more likely you are to be distracted.
•Plan your playlist. Turn on your playlist before you start driving, and don’t keep changing the song. If you’re listening to the radio, avoid changing the channel. At highway speeds, your car will travel more than the length of a football field in the time it takes to look down at a radio for just a few seconds.
•Yellow means caution. Don’t speed up to chase a yellow light. Likewise, be careful when the light turns green and watch for drivers who may be running a red.
•Say something. If you’re a passenger and feel unsafe, speak up!
When both parents and children pledge to drive safely and hold each other accountable, it is most effective. Agree on rules they—and you—will follow behind the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.420803
Retrieved Text: Many model boats like scale yachts, fun- and race-boats, industrial, scientific and military vessels with a length between 50 and 150 cm and a weight between 1,5 and a maximum of 4 Kg per installed KMB JET28 drive usually already reach descent "scale fun speeds" at relatively low motor rpms, respectively, when trimmed to 20000 rpm, likely reach the top speed possible with the KMB JET28(s) and the corresponding hull (often already above the "reasonable" speed limit the hull was constructed for).
Many scale models already reach the "feeling comfortable zone" with setups for 8000 to 15000 rpm.
A setup for maximum thrust requires the setup for 20000 rpm (allowed maximum rotational speed for the KMB JET28) and roughly 800 Watts power for single drive setups (boat with only one KMB JET28 installed). Dual / Multi setups raise the efficiency for each drive. Speeds up to 45 kmh are possible if the hull supports such speeds. It strongly depends on the running capabilities of the hull what top speeds are possible.
The rule of thumb "The lighter, the faster" is not valid for jetboats. If you build it too light, it will uncontrollably and untrimmably "hop around the lake". If you build it too heavy, ... it will capsize. The thruth for a well running jet boat model lies somewhere in between ... A jetdrive needs water to breathe.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.19332
Retrieved Text: Fuel can be inserted into burner devices and burned to power them. Different types of fuel provide different amounts of energy, measured in megajoules (MJ).
(1) For the purposes of in-game speed display, the game assumes 1 tile = 1 meter. I.e., a train on basic fuel travels at 72 tiles per second at full speed, and so on.
(2) This assumes the crude oil is processed completely into solid fuel using advanced oil processing and heavy oil cracking as intermediate steps, but not light oil cracking. More efficient methods are possible. In practice, the petroleum gas is more likely to be used for something other than solid fuel.
(3) This fuel type can only be used in a nuclear reactor. Unlike other fuel types, it cannot be placed into standard burners.
(4) Assuming that all U-238 is enriched, all used up cells are reprocessed, and there is no reactor neighbor bonus.
Though the top speeds given by solid fuel, rocket fuel and nuclear fuel are presented as +5%, +15% and +15% respectively, this seems to only be true for trains. The top speeds for cars and tanks are instead approximately +0.095%, +1.34% and +1.58% respectively when these fuels are used.
Fuel type affects vehicle acceleration and top speed.
This page was last edited on 4 March 2019, at 22:40.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.671736
Retrieved Text: ISO makes up one-third of the photography triangle is ISO. ISO stands for International Standards Organisation which measures the sensitivity of the image sensor.
The almost electrical interference of the pixels on the sensor is what creates noise. Noise is a random textured, almost grainlike pattern that interferes with the image quality. The bigger the number, the more likely you are to see this noise.
The lower the number, the less sensitive your camera is to light and the finer the grain. In bright light, a low ISO number (about 100 or 200) can be used to get a clean image at most apertures and shutter speeds.
However, in dim light, you may need to increase the ISO number to capture the image you are after (as it will allow changes in the aperture and shutter speed). However, the higher the ISO, the more likely that the image will appear more grainy.
How distracting the grain is, depends on your taste. In urban photography, the gritty quality of noise can add another dimension or element to the image. Its all about finding the balance between the components of the photography triangle to get the image you want.
Be prepared that in low light situations where you would need to increase the ISO that there is going to be a risk of noise or grain.
The rules of photography are open to interpretation. Don’t be afraid to experiment to find your style.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.288881
Retrieved Text: I have a 2011 Porsche Cayenne V6 Stick shift. Recently, the traction control has started coming on around 75 MPH on highway going around broad turns. The car also seems to be rolling a bit more in turns. Does this sound like a faulty sway bar or something like that? Thanks!
I don’t think it is traction control, more likely stability management (read yaw control). Start by checking your tire pressures to see if one or more is unusallly low.
All tire pressures good. Traction control light flashes on the dash and car feels like it is swaying/rolling at highway speeds.
Traction control operates on the basis of different tire rotational speeds, hence my question about air pressure levels, which can trigger the system, as can differences it tire diameters caused by wear or mismatch tires. My suggestion would be to put a Porsche specific scan tool in the car and take it for a ride, watching what the system is doing when the problem occurs. You can also set the diagnostic tool to capture real time data to look at later.
tire pressure set to PSIs stated on door sticker, so I don't see that as the issue.
Will take it to the shop this week and report back what they find. Thanks for the suggestions.
Take a close look at the tires to see if one looks more worn that another, sometimes small differences it diameter trigger these reactions.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.179277
Retrieved Text: Absolute Write Water Cooler > Writing Genre > Science Fiction | Fantasy > Science Fact > Intercept Speeds Over Light - What Happens?
View Full Version : Intercept Speeds Over Light - What Happens?
Let's say you have 2 forces moving through vacuum on an intercept course. Both forces are moving at sublight speeds and obeying the laws of physics, but their combined speeds add up to FTL.
What is seen by each side? What is experienced by each side especially as they come within weapons range of one another (ships are course controlled within combat ranges)?
Let's start the speeds at 101% of light and increase by 10% increments until the fleets can't possibly be moving faster than light.
believe what you're telling them, you can say most anything.
when you're going that fast.
are the weapons they're firing traveling?
millions upon millions of miles.
opposing ships would be . . . alot?
They don't go faster than the speed of light relative to each other. At relativistic speeds, speeds don't add up linearly. This is of course a consequence of Einstein's theory of relativity. I don't know how to explain it offhand, I just know that's what happens.
As to combat range, assuming both forces are using the same type of weapons and one does not have an advantage, combat range will depend on the weapons range and targeting computers ability to accurately project.
To reach a range in which the weapons are effective, we have to assume both forces are acting in the same manner. Both slow down at the same time, but even at

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.097782
Retrieved Text: Imagine a computer with processing speeds that are infinite. Terabytes of data able to be run, stored, and transferred in the blink of an eye. What we’re talking about is a complete data-processing revolution in computer technology, and this technology has already been invented. For the first time, infinite speeds have been achieved on a computer microchip.
How do they do it? When you see a pulse of light, that pulse is comprised of a packet of light waves all blended together. Because light acts as a wave, energy within the light wave rises and falls across a space. When a pulse of light moves through a material that bends, scatters, or absorbs light, the packet of light waves are of course scattered and can interfere with each other. This causes the crest of the waves to surge forward, driving the waves to travel faster than light.
To create the microchip, scientists created a metamaterial that has a refractive index of zero. That means when light waves shine through a zero index substance, the waves are able to travel through it at infinitely fast speeds, without violating any principles of physics. Researchers can design the structure of the microchips, which gives them incredible and precise control over light waves, manipulating, bending, and twisting them as necessary to transfer data, basically at the speed of light.
In the past, electron-based computer systems would have electrons that encountered resistance in metal wires, which resulted in some wasted energy that would be released as heat. The new photonic microchips would not only

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.051136
Retrieved Text: Which broadband provider has the best upload speeds? I'm trying to choose a package and most providers only seem to mention download speeds!
What upload speed does each provider offer?
Why is upload speed so much lower than download speed?
How can I improve my upload speed?
Yeah, broadband providers usually give less space to information about their packages' upload speeds than they do to download speeds. Luckily though, the majority do let you know what uploads you can expect. Here's what we found out.
The above info is correct at the time of writing, but do be aware that providers' official upload speeds can change, even when download speeds don't.
So, the best upload speeds are, unsurprisingly, on the top-end packages. 21Mb is the maximum you can get for uploads from a major national provider (see Virgin Media), and that's more than plenty for most of us. If an average speed 63Mb fibre package is a bit too intensive for your downloads - or if it's a bit over your budget - your next best bets would be BT, EE, Sky, or TalkTalk for upload speed.
Virgin Media's upload speeds aren't bad on most of its packages either… but bear in mind they're subject to traffic management. Read more about traffic management here.
Some faster upload speeds may well be available from smaller or more local providers (Gigaclear, for example), including FTTP (fibre-to-the-premises) ones that give you a fully fibre connection. You won't find them everywhere, however, and they can be pretty costly.
It's worth mentioning that most of those above - with the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.050117
Retrieved Text: Android for Beginners: Beyond Auto Mode – Galaxy S3 Camera . Everybody loves snapping pictures with their Samsung Galaxy S3, but how many of us use any of the camera settings other than Auto Mode? While the S3 camera’s automatic settings are pretty good, there’s a whole bunch of other cool stuff you can do photographically with your S3 if only you know how. And I don’t just mean all the other pre-set modes the device offers! Using Best Face or Beauty Mode doesn’t make you a great photographer! So we’ve put together a basic introduction to the S3’s camera settings to get you shooting better photos pronto.
Resolution is the first thing we need to clear up. The higher the number on your camera, the more megapixels it can capture. The megapixel count relates to the camera’s sensor, where all the image capturing happens (like film in traditional photography). A pixel is a single point of color, multiply this by a million and you have a megapixel. Multiply this by the number on your camera and you’re talking a whole lot of pixels on the sensor. A higher number does not necessarily mean the camera is better, just able to capture more information. But this power is almost never necessary for the average photographer. It’s like having a Ferrari engine in your lawnmower – there’s not much point unless you’re going to use it to its full potential. The S3 comes with a very capable 8 MP snapper that doesn’t get to the point of pointless

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.0411
Retrieved Text: Top speeds: as stated above.
As you can see from the data above, the aircraft is quite well performing. The aircraft is also very forgiving. You can really provoke it without it �biting� you back. However, it can spin. I have experienced that if you exaggerate a stall and use full deflection of the rudder and up elevator while on the edge of stall, the aircraft can �drop a wing� and begin to spin. This is also depending on the position of the centre of gravity. If the CG is in a forward position (heavy cockpit load), the aircraft is less likely to spin.
One thing that I like about the LS4, is it�s ability to maintain attitude. Sometimes, after finding a thermal and getting centred in it, you can release the controls and the aircraft will maintain attitude and climb nicely with very small corrections. That�s the time to get your lunch pack out and start eating.
I have flown this aircraft in different configurations. Without any ballast, the aircraft is very light and has a very high roll-rate. However, flying fast in this configuration will cost quite a lot of altitude.
With 50L of water ballast, the aircraft is basically the same, just slightly better at gliding in head winds.
With 100L of ballast, you start feeling the difference. The aircraft becomes relatively heavy on the controls, however it glides really nicely at high speeds.
At 140L of ballast the aircraft is rather heavy, and the thermals have to be quite strong, or else it cannot pay off to have

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.006607
Retrieved Text: So, you're keen to get involved with photography? Well, now is a superb a period of time as any high-power digital camera models have never been more cost-effective. It is likely you have plenty of questions on the way to start and how to proceed, but don't worry extreme lightning, this informative article can help. Listed here are many ways that will assist you begin with your photography aspirations.
Take your pictures quickly. When you take too much time to snap the shot, you could possibly miss it. It is going to change the appearance of the photograph. The faster you snap pictures, the greater chance you possess of getting a good one!
Focus on natural lighting. You will need to use your flash feature or install additional resources for light, but you can utilize natural lighting to generate interesting effects with light and shadow. Position your subject accordingly. Make sure the photograph will not be too dark or too bright.
Have fun with the shutter speed setting to get shots of both slow and fast-moving subjects. Slow shutter speeds are ideal for objects that move very slowly, including streams. Fast shutter speeds, alternatively, let you get yourself a clear shot of your subject that is moving in a short time, like a race car.
Use the right lens for the task. If you are photographing a landscape, as an example, you need a wide-angle lens that enables you to capture all the from the scene as you can, while sports activities generally require a telephoto lens that let you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.963095
Retrieved Text: Shutter speed is one of the three most important aspects of photography. It controls how bright your shot will come out and specific motion effects. Here are 5 things you should know about shutter speed to improve your photography.
Shutter speed is one part of the exposure triangle of photography. The other two are aperture and exposure. Shutter speed, although just one part of that, is a very important part of photography to become familiar with.
Shutter speed is how long the camera shutter stays open to bring light into the camera's sensor. How long the sensor is exposed to light will greatly effect the type of photo you end up taking. It can blur or sharpen movement taken by your camera. Shutter speed can also stop movement in the picture.
Shutter speed is measured by fractions of a second. Shutter speeds can be as slow as 1/4 of a second and as fast as 1/4000 of a second. Use varying shutter speeds for your shots to see the effects it has on movement in your photographs.
Another part of shutter speed that needs to be considered is exposure. Exposure determines how bright a picture turns out. A fast shutter speed may result in a darker image. ISO and aperture may also need to be adjusted to get the ideal light or dark photo.
To get the effect of movement in your photo, use a long shutter speed. Moving objects will appear as a blur in your photo. To soften this effect, like when taking shots of moving water, use a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.949768
Retrieved Text: My internet has been pretty slow recently and I've been thinking of switching providers, but I'm not quite sure where to start. I was hoping you could give advice on how to shop for the best internet service provider and what the difference is between broadband, fiber optics, cable, and satellite.
This is definitely an important decision. Your choice of Internet Service Provider (ISP) can make an enormous difference in your happiness (or frustrations) as an internet user. Depending on where you live, you might have a great number of ISPs to choose from or you might be stuck with just a few options. Either way, here are a few guidelines for what to look for in an ISP and how to compare the ones available in your area.
DSL stands for Digital Subscriber Line. It operates over regular telephone lines (like dial-up does) to deliver download speeds as fast as 25 megabits per second (with 100 Mbps or more expected later this year). There are two types of DSL: Asymmetric DSL (ADSL) and Symmetric DSL (SDSL). ADSL is the cheaper of the two and offers significantly faster download speeds (i.e., how fast information on the internet is delivered to you) than upload speeds (how fast information is sent from your computer to the internet). SDSL, on the other hand, provides equally fast upload and download speeds, which might be important if you are a VPN user or regularly backup large files to the cloud.
Advantages: DSL is typically less expensive than other broadband options, and you'll likely have

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.858862
Retrieved Text: I love studio photography and the ability to "make" your own light, but nothing beats the beautiful, natural light you find outdoors.
Outdoor portraits are at the core of portrait photography and are also the first real step in understanding how light works on the human figure.
Here are 4 easy steps to get you started with outdoor portraits.
If you're out shooting on a sunny day, it's best to find shade and darker areas. Direct sunlight is harsh and unpleasant and it also casts bad looking shadows on the subject's face. One other option is to shoot on a cloudy day. Clouds act like a natural diffuser, making the like soft and even.
This is especially important when photographing children. Because they have quick movements, using a slow shutter speed will result in blurry images. Use at least 1/160th or 1/250th of a second. If the light isn't good enough for these speeds, boost the ISO and open the aperture to its widest value. Prime lenses are best for outdoor portraits, and one of the reasons is their unmatched brightness that allows you to use fast shutter speeds in low light.
Don't be afraid to fire your camera's flash when shooting outdoors. Just do it with a purpose. As I mentioned before, bright sunlight casts harsh shadows. The best way to counter them is by using your camera's built-in flash or an external unit. If you use one of your camera's automatic or semiautomatic exposure modes it will most likely take care of business on its own. If you want

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.713488
Retrieved Text: There is currently a Met Office warning for West and East Sussex today until 3pm as strong west to north-westerly winds continue to reach speeds up to 40mph.
And more gusts up to 50mph are expected across Sussex tomorrow and Friday, mixed in with some heavy showers.
On Saturday (March 16) the forecast is more of the same, although the rain could be just light showers.
However, the forecast for Sunday is much brighter conditions with the winds tailing off to around 30mph.
And early next week is due to see more sunshine and gentle breezes.
The longer range forecast is for further spells of wind and rain, followed by drier, more showery periods.
However, the wettest and windiest weather will always be most likely in the north-west, with the driest conditions for the south and south-east.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.70791
Retrieved Text: The electro-mechanical system allows the headlights to throw light in the direction of the curve, especially on widened roads. It also allows the driver to see and to be seen. Different manufacturers have different refinements, but this could become a mainstay as the IIHS estimates more than 1 lac crashes to have occurred on dark curves each year.
This is the returning technology. Several manufacturers are tinkered with the idea of linking the headlight beams with wheel directions. It is done to move the light with the direction of the car.
This system is equipped with advanced light sources like LED and Xenon, which offer optimized illumination of the roads during night time drives.
This system is continuously adjusted with the beam pattern to lit the entire scene according to the driving situation. Even when the car is moving through up hills and round curves, then the system maximizes the drivers visibility, while enabling earlier danger detections and quicker reactions. A turning light is also a feature which is activated at the speeds below 19mph and also with the dipped beam switched on for better illumination of tight corners.
This system keeps the road surface correctly illuminated when the front vehicle is driving on hard deceleration, prevents the beam going up in the air when the vehicle accelerates, and also ensures that the beam light illuminates a curve instead of illuminating the side of the road.
At slow speeds the corner lights are activated, which swivel up to 15 degrees to provide additional visibility for parking and the turning maneuvers.
This system

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.67396
Retrieved Text: Modern cameras are amazing – anyone can take a nice picture with the camera set to automatic. But taking pictures that really shine might require a little more know-how. Flipping the camera dial off “automatic” can be a little intimidating, but the results will be well worth the effort. Before flipping the dial it’s important to understand some camera basics.
When the shutter release button is pushed to take a picture, the shutter is opened to expose the camera’s sensor to the image in view and then closed after a certain amount of time. How long the image is exposed to the sensor is determined by the shutter speed. Faster or slower shutter speeds will have different effects on a picture. A fast shutter speed is useful for freezing action, like in sports photography. A slow shutter speed is useful for low light photography or for artistic effects like a motion blur.
Fast shutter speeds are measured in fractions of a second like 1/200 of a second and can stop action like the falling pear on the left, above. Slow shutter speeds can be small fractions like 1/15 of a second (pear on the top right) or even full seconds like 30 seconds.
Hand-holding a camera can be difficult at slow shutter speeds because the photographer’s hand might shake. The general rule of thumb is that hand-held shutter speeds should be at least “1/focal length”. This means that with an 18mm lens, the photographer should use at least 1/18 of a second or with a 200mm lens use at

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.640976
Retrieved Text: Without light, nothing would exist; literally. Light is the thing that makes life possible and it is the thing that enables us to be able to see and interpret the world around us. Light has also been a key way that humans have sent messages, going as far back as the Ancient Greeks, who used a coded system of signalling with torches.
Modern communication is the result of humans learning how to utilise radio waves, an invisible form of light, to transmit data. Now however, scientists and technologists are wanting to use physical lights to help provide a low cost alternative to Wi-Fi.
First developed by a team led by Harold Haas, light fidelity (Li-Fi) is a ‘bi-directional, high speed and fully networked wireless communication system’ that uses LED bulbs to transmit data. The technology works by pulsing LED lights, imperceptible to the human eye, to enable data transfer.
Earlier this year, researchers from the University of Oxford used Li-Fi to achieve speeds of 224 Gbps. According to the researchers, this would enable 18 movies of 1.5GB to be downloaded in a single second.
Part of the idea behind Li-Fi, as an alternative to Wi-Fi, is the fact that we have 14 billion light bulbs across the world and that as a result, the infrastructure is largely there. Admittedly, for it to become a reality would require for 14 billion Li-Fi bulbs to be deployed.
According to Haas, Li-Fi is also meant to be more secure than traditional Wi-Fi networks; as the light needs to be directly visible. For example, unless

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.586508
Retrieved Text: whilst shooting with fast shutter speeds it is likely unless in very strong light that you will have to use a high ISO of upto 1600 to enable use of a speed of 1/1000 of a second or more whilst using a large aperture though this can create a shallow depth of field and naturally place parts of the image out of focus.
This entry was posted in Planning A Photography Project and tagged bee, motion, movement, river. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.564913
Retrieved Text: Some flashes have a delay (time lag) before reaching the peak of their light output. To function properly, flashes therefore need to be synchronised precisely to the opening of the shutter. When using a flash with a leaf shutter rangefinder, it is important to select the correct setting for full synchronisation at all shutter speeds. The Flash Setting Selector should be changed to “M”, “F”, or “X”, according to the flash type. Unless you have found some obsolete bulbs at auction, it’s more than likely today that you will be using an electronic flash (X).
Zero time delay; flash responds instantly and coincides exactly when the shutter is fully open.
20 millisecond delay between the start of the flash and the shutter opening fully, to allow the bulb to reach peak brightness before exposing the film.
5 millisecond delay between the start of the flash and the shutter opening fully, to allow the bulb to reach peak brightness before exposing the film.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.559387
Retrieved Text: How likely is there life in the super salty underground lake on Mars, when there is no life in the Dead Sea because it is so salty?
Why is chirality of organic molecules the key for determining whether there was life on Mars?
Why is a 50-50 distribution of left and right handed molecules likely evidence that life did not exist.
Is there a market for a stationary bike/generator so people can reduce their electric bill while losing weight?
What is the exact date when the rich stopped waging class warfare against the poor?
We know when the Civil war and World War II ended, but has the rich stopped its class warfare against the poor yet?
Have physicists switched to a verificationist approach when it comes to Big Bang?
Is Big Bang falsifiable, or is it unchallengeable objective truth? If it is falsifiable, then how can it be falsified?
Is it true that scientists have found Hick's Bozon?
Is the Occupy movement's belief that voting makes no difference a self fulfilling prophecy?
Should government have the power to order parents to buy school uniforms?
Is the space between the ears of Big Bang theorists expanding?
I sure don't see Andromeda moving away from the Milky Way.
Does light lose energy when it travels through a dense medium such as glass?
Light slows down when it travels through glass but it speeds up again once it leaves the glass. Doesn't the acceleration of light back to c, as it travels out of the glass, result in a loss of energy for the photon? If so, wouldn't the cumulative effects of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.550507
Retrieved Text: I will explain my latest research in easy way. If you observe Einstein says objects move in a straight line and that path appears to be curved or a geodesic due to curvature of spacetime here if we observe at normal speeds this shows that object travels in straight line and according to newtons first law it should also have constant velocity which under normal speeds is not true so we use newton model but at high speeds precisely the speed of light the newtons first law is satisfied since an object moves in a straight line at constant speed which is c the speed of light since nothing moves faster than the speed of light there cant be acceleration so here newtons first law is proved and this proves that gravity is not a force satisfying the definition of newtons first law. Einsteins model works only in case of high speeds precisely the speed of light.
Not quite. At low speeds Newton and low gravity Einstein pretty much agrees with Newton. As the gravity gets stronger or speeds get close to that of light Einstein rohjt and Newton's formulas fail.
That is precisely what i am saying.
Conclusion of the research: Hypothesis is that general relativity is exact at high speeds. By taking the p values this proves false.
By the above analysis i proved that people say newtons theory of gravity is an approximate one and general relativity is precise at high speeds.
My research proves that general relativity is also approximate at high speeds it is only precise

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.51287
Retrieved Text: Roadside and overhead VMS are a basic traffic management tool for road owners and authorities – to provide information and advice to drivers and riders independent of any in-vehicle systems. In some cases VMS signs can replace fixed roadside signs to inform drivers of speed limits – if necessary with the flexibility of changing mandatory speed limits in response to traffic or road conditions where the legislation allows.
Research evidence shows that road user acceptance and compliance is substantially increased when the reason for a new, lower than normal, speed limit is displayed on the VMS in addition to the prevailing speed limit.
VMS can be used to convey maximum advisory (non-mandatory) speeds — to advise drivers and riders to slow down in fog, high winds and icy conditions or on the approach to an incident or slow-moving traffic ahead.
Evaluation of an icy road surface warning system installed on a mountain road in California indicated that, when the warnings of icy conditions were activated, mean speeds were more than 5 mph (8 km/h) lower than when no warnings were shown (Veneziano and Ye, 2011). In specific situations where ice was present but not likely to be expected by drivers (such as cold, clear and not-dry conditions), the reduction in speed was somewhat less — under 3 mph to around 3 mph (4.8 km/h). The speed data was collected at the VMS sign – rather than in the subsequent curve where the driver response may have been greater.
A fog-warning system on the A16 in the Netherlands had two levels

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.503458
Retrieved Text: Mobile World Congress 2018 kicks off today, Feb. 26, and runs through the end of the week. Why is this annual event, which is a showcase for mobile technology, one big investment signal? On the surface, the event will once again focus on the growing number of connected devices, and we suspect several new flagship models for smartphones will be announced from the likes of Samsung, LG, Huawei and others.
Already we've heard of several from Samsung, including its new flagship model the Galaxy S9 that includes an organic light-emitting diode display that should help alleviate demand concerns and support Universal Display (OLED) shares, a holding in the Trifecta Stocks portfolio. As more companies such as Nokia (NOK) , Huawei, LG and others announce devices, both flagship and other, at the event, we suspect year-over-year more models will include organic light-emitting diode displays. Of course, we'll look to confirm that suspicion and as we do so we'll take note of the number of models that have larger screen sizes as well as front and back glass housings, a positive for Trifecta holding Corning (GLW) .
We're also likely to get a hefty dose of "techy talk" on 5G as carriers such as AT&T (T) , Verizon (VZ) , Sprint (S) and T-Mobile USA (TMUS) will launch commercial 5G networks in 2019. In tandem we should expect press releases and at least a few breakthrough announcements from the likes of Ericsson (ERIC) , Alcatel Lucent (ALU) and others when it comes to 5G data speeds and their network solutions.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.49419
Retrieved Text: I have what I would describe as a light growl when there is no load while coasting at highway speeds. It goes away under the slightest acceleration or deceleration when there is a load applied. Climbed under it and grabbed the driveshaft looking for a cause. I noticed a slight amount of play in the front output shaft of the transfer case. No oil leak, however. Think this is the cause? The t-case only has 68,000 miles on it from new and until a couple thousand miles ago was attached to an automatic that almost never was in 4wd.
It's not the t case 99% chance. It's the drive shaft itself. Off accelerator coasting will cause vibration in the shaft.
When lifted it gets even worse.
Terry is this Disco? You wanta hear growling come for a ride in my FC101 her indoors was thinking the axle was coming apart first time she rode in it.
Double, double cardon shaft going in.
It is the 98 Disco. How much lateral movement is “normal” for the LT230 front output shaft? It is lifted but only 2 inches. Thanks for all the replies.
You could always pull the front driveshaft off and lock the center diff, and see if the noise goes away.
As others have said, this is a drive shaft issue more likely than not. Bad balance, bad u-joint, or something. The other thing you might look at is bad tire balance, but usually that is heard at specific speeds, with or without being on the pedal.
If you do pull the front drive

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.459106
Retrieved Text: Print Page - Is it possible to achieve relativistic speed?
Title: Is it possible to achieve relativistic speed?
Title: Re: Is it possible to achieve relativistic speed?
It's unlikely that any trip would require a speed faster than 0.97c, and 0.77c would be plenty for most trips.
You are trying to get to star "Goomba" which is 1000 light years away. You have a ship that can accelerate at 1g for 2 years and decelerate for 2 years, and coast in the middle. You will die when you are 20% of the way there. You have need to go much faster. So I keep the juice up for 3 years at each end and get the ship up to .996c. It still takes 90 years to get there, and I'm not likely to live that long, so I need more. I keep it up for 4 years each way, achieving .9995c and now it takes ~38 years to get there. I can still be alive when I arrive, at least if I was young enough when I departed.
If I keep the acceleration on the whole way, I can make the trip in under 13.5 years, getting up to .999998c at the midpoint.
So there very much is reason to go faster than .97c.
Thanks. It IS pretty clear that we won't be sending humans to explore our galaxy, or even using unmanned missions to send us back reports. The value of the twin "paradox" scenarios is really only in what they tell us about the way special relativity works.
Sure. Relativistic speeds are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.43942
Retrieved Text: THE NBN is working on tech that will give users internet speeds an astonishing 10 times faster than the network’s current peak speed.
AUSTRALIA is paving the way for lightning fast internet speeds with trials of technology that could make fibre connections 100 times faster than what’s currently available to Australian customers.
The mostly taxpayer-funded National Broadband Network has partnered with Nokia to trial new fibre technology called NG-PON2, which could deliver download and upload speeds of an incredible 10 Gigabits per second. That would be a tenfold increase on the network’s current peak capability and would mean you could download multiple HD movies in just a second.
The company has been trialling the next generation tech in laboratory conditions in Melbourne which works by sending multiple wavelengths of light down a single strand of fibre.
Before you start asking where to sign up there will be some limitations — it will only be available if you have a fibre to the premise (FTTP) connection. At current projections, that will be slightly more than 20 per cent of homes and businesses on the NBN.
There has been no commitment made on when, or even if, the technology will be introduced in Australia and is likely to be five to 10 years away from reality.
Currently the NBN wholesaler already offers 1Gbps download speeds for those with an FTTP connection but retailers such Telstra, Optus and TPG only offer a top range of 100Mbps for customers.
“The NG-PON2 trials we have conducted with Nokia have shown us the huge potential this very exciting technology

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.34492
Retrieved Text: Deloitte expects the global number of broadband homes to have grown by about two percent to 715 million by the end of 2015.
We expect the global number of broadband homes to have grown by about two percent to 715 million by the end of 2015. The term ‘broadband’ is a blanket term that describes an ever-widening range of different performance levels, from a few megabits per second (Mbit/s) up to a few hundred Mbit/s. Average broadband speed obtained in most markets should increase by between 15 and 25 percent . This average, however, obscures significant differences between households.
The term “broadband divide” often refers to the gulf between the ‘haves’ and the ‘have nots’. This gap is important, but it is also critical to recognize variations between the ‘haves’. The gulf between those with access to the fastest broadband speeds and those on basic speeds has widened over recent years; and in the near term looks likely to increase further. In many markets the top decile of broadband homes are likely to enjoy ten times or greater the average speed of those in the bottom decile.
Location. Typically, the further a home is from an exchange, the lower the speeds. Rural homes are more scattered, and so typically, due to the distance from the exchange, have lower broadband speeds.
Technology. There are four main types of broadband technology, each of which offers a different range of speeds and currently supports a different set of applications. ADSL – the original broadband technology -- should always be good enough for general

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.320715
Retrieved Text: Great things often come in pairs. From peanut butter and jelly to Simon and Garfunkel, two things combining as one can produce great results. This could not be more true than the combination of motorcycle and helmet. Without the helmet, motorcycles would be illegal in many states across the country.
During 2008, approximately 1,829 motorcyclists’ lives were saved by wearing helmets. The stakes are too high to NOT wear one. Simply put: safety first. For more information on a reliable Las Vegas motorcycle accident attorney, contact Remmel Law Firm today.
The problem with yellow lights for too many drivers is that we can’t decide what to do when that green light switches to yellow. Do you gun it and speed through the light or do you play it cautiously and step on the brake? Granted, it’s best to do the safe thing but in the case of yellow lights, that is not always clear. There is no standard time for a yellow light to stay illuminated. There is a recommended minimum of 3 seconds, and a recommended maximum of 6 seconds but it varies from city to city, and sometimes from street to street. Would making the yellow lights last longer help the issue?
Maybe. One study from the Ohio Department of Transportation found that for every extra second a light stays yellow, drivers are three times more likely to push through. The study also found that right lane drivers are 1.6 times more likely to speed through a light than those in the left lane. Unsurprisingly, drivers in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.308466
Retrieved Text: So I am relatively new to bass fishing in general and have done considerably well the last couple years, but there is a lot to learn and a hack like me is just kind of piecing it together as I can. After spending one of the slowest weeks I've had on powell I have a few different questions that maybe some of you more experienced anglers could help out with.
1. What is a typical trolling speed for stripers? Do you vary speed? Different speeds for different times of year? What is your go to speed when trolling for stripers?
2. Help me read this graph.
Over the last week I saw tons of shad balls on the graph. But in some areas, I saw this. It looks to me like maybe shad that are being hammered by stripers? That would expain why they are broken up? The problem with this assumption for me is I don't see the typical bigger wavy lines I typically see with stripers. However, if this assumption is correct is it even worth it to drop spoons? Or are they too interested in the real goods? Or maybe it's the perfect time to drop spoons because they are super agressive? Honestly I drove right over these just thinking all we had were shad under us and then today as I was driving home I got thinking that it could be more. What are your thoughts?
3. Umbrella rigs? Who has used them? I saw some guys trolling with them this week and were killing it

================



======= Instance Index 1194 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are a pinhead or the sun ):

An object with greater mass or greater velocity has more kinetic energy.


Which object likely contains more energy a pinhead or the sun?

Target Text: the sun

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.828764
Retrieved Text: Air Pressure - Force that air exerts over a certain area due to it's weight or motion.
Amu - atomic mass unit, the unit used to measure the masses of subatomic particles; a proton has a mass of 1 amu.
Atom - The smallest part of an element that has all the properties of the element.
Celsius (C) scale - A temperature scale where water freezes at 0º C and boils at 100º C.
Cloud - A visible collection of very fine water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere at altitudes from just above the ground to several miles above the sea level.
Condensation - The process by which a gas or vapor changes to a liquid.
Condensation nuclei - Tiny particles invisible to the human eye, such as dust, dirt, and pollutants, that provide surfaces on which water molecules can condense and gather into water droplets.
Conduction - The transfer of heat within a substance or from one substance to another as a result of molecular motion. Always from warm to cold areas.
Convection - The transfer of energy and mass by motions in a liquid or gas. In the atmosphere, convection usually refers to the vertical interchange of air masses. An example of convection is the rising of warm surface air and the sinking of cold air from upper levels of the atmosphere.
Density - The mass per unit volume of an object.
Deposition - A phase change of water directly from water vapor to ice without condensing (see condensation).
Element - The purest type of form of a substance.
Evaporation - The process

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.494684
Retrieved Text: What is gravitational and potential energy?
Every object may have Potential energy but Gravitational Potential energy is only stored in the height of the object. Any time that a heavy object is kept high up, a force or power is likely to be holding it up there. This is the reason why it stays up and does not fall. It is important to note that the heavier the object, the more its potential energy.
Consider Mr Green throwing a bag of gold coins to Mr Red, who is up a tower. As Mr Green throws the bag from A to B, potential energy is transferred from Mr Green into the bag, which now has kinetic energy.
As the bag moves upwards, kinetic energy decreases, and gravitational energy increases. At the highest point (B) Kinetic energy is zero, and Gravitational potential energy is highest.
As the bag did not get to Mr Red, it starts falling from point B downwards due to gravity. It starts falling slowly (kinetic energy is low) and then speeds up downwards.
At point A, the bag is at full speed and kinetic energy is highest, whiles gravitational energy is nearly lost.
When the bag of gold coins hits the ground, kinetic energy is converted into heat and sound by the impact.
It is worth noting that the higher the gravitational energy of an object moving downwards, the lower the kinetic energy, and the lower the kinetic energy of an object moving upwards, the higher its gravitational energy.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.951399
Retrieved Text: Abstract: Definition and measurement of the fundamental units is essential to the principles of physics. Distance has an obvious and simple relationship with the measuring scale. Such a relationship is absent in measuring the mass of an object using the balance scale. This is one of the important factors for the present chaotic scenario in the field of physics.
The concepts of mass and force were deep rooted in the principles of physics. A thought of something wrong with these fundamental concepts is unimaginable. Our whole understanding of physical phenomenon and countless theories are based on these very fundamental concepts. Can these basic concepts stand for scrutiny with simple reasoning?
Mass is defined as the amount of matter inside an object and the matter is defined as the basic particles. Amount by any standard is a count of elements of a particular unit. In the case of mass, it is the count of basic particles inside an object.
It is not sure of how many basic particles were there in the platinum bar approved as the international standard for a kilogram of mass and went onto to compare that standard kilogram of mass with other objects using a balance scale. Here, the balance scale doesn’t compare the number of basic particles inside an object, rather it compares the amount of gravity earth exerts on each the objects. By comparing the objects using the balance scale, we are equating the gravity of the objects with the amount of matter inside those objects.
As it is already evident, a group of same

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.448278
Retrieved Text: Potential- stored energy: not moving. Potential energy is in many objects see or pass by. Examples of potential energy used in your daily lives is; a unopened carbonated drink, a car parked at the top of the hill, a book on a table, a raised weight, and many more! Some characteristics of potential energy are stored, having the potential to do something, and many different types of potential energy.
Gravitational- energy due to the downward pull of earth’s gravity. This type of energy is proven by the height or position. Like for example a ball on top of a 2 story house had more gravitational energy than a cat exploring a basement. Some characteristics would be gravitational pull, gravity, and height/ position. We use this in many sports we play like basketball and baseball. When you shoot or hit the ball it’s pulled down by gravitational energy.
Elastic- energy stored when an object is squeezed or stretched. We use elastic energy in many things in our daily lives. Girls use it putting up their hair with a hairbow. Guys use it putting on sweatpants, with the elastic on the top is is stretched when the person goes to step into it. Characteristics would be like many things that have elastic contain it.
Chemical- the potential energy stored in chemical compounds. We use chemical by baking and using chemicals when we are making something. For instance when your parents are in the kitchen cooking they use many types of substances to form a chemical substance. Therefore you use chemical energy

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.410023
Retrieved Text: Signs of Science is an evolving collection of illustrations, each inspired by one of the foundamental and famous scientific principles and formulas that defines our knowledge in physics and mathematics.
Each minimal infographic illustrates and tries to give a visual explanation of the scientific principle.
The first law of motion states that if the net force (the vector sum of all forces acting on an object) is zero, then the velocity of the object is constant.
Here circles are the bodies that move through time following the straight lines of constant velocity.
The second law states that the acceleration of an object is dependent upon two variables – the net force acting upon the object and the mass of the object.
The curved lines show inverse proportionality between mass (x axis) and acceleration (y axis) for a given force.
In the animation, force varies, making the lines move.
Newton’s pendulum is a very good example that portrays this principle.
In the animated infographic, the triangle represents the isolated system. The line Q is the energy added to the system, which causes the internal energy to vary.
“In an isolated system, entropy can increase only” – 1850, Rudolf Clausius .
In this animated illustration the circle is an isolated system, and it contains the lines of increasing entropy.
I’ve visualized this scientific principle showing the varying intensity of the motion of the atoms when the temperature changes.
The animation is generative and coded with Processing.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.365314
Retrieved Text: Swift's X-Ray Telescope captured an apparent expanding halo around the flaring neutron star SGR J1550-5418. The halo formed as X-rays from the brightest flares scattered off of intervening dust clouds.
Astronomersusing NASA's Swift satellite and Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope are seeingsome frequent high-energy fireworks from a stellar remnant 30,000 light-yearsaway.
The celestialblasts arise from a rare type of neutronstar known as a soft-gamma-rayrepeater. Such objects unpredictably send out a series of X-ray andgamma-ray flares.
"Attimes, this remarkable object has erupted with more than a hundred flares in aslittle as 20 minutes," said Loredana Vetere, who is coordinating the Swiftobservations at Pennsylvania State University. "The most intenseflares emitted more total energy than the sun does in 20 years."
The object,which has long been known as an X-ray source, lies in the southernconstellation Norma. During the past two years, astronomers have identifiedpulsing radio and X-ray signals from it.
The objectbegan a series of modest eruptions on Oct. 3, 2008, then settled down. Itroared back to life on Jan. 22 with an intense episode.
Because ofthe recent outbursts, astronomers will classify the object as a soft-gamma-rayrepeater ? only the sixth known. In 2004, a giant flare from anothersoft-gamma-ray repeater was so intense it measurably affected Earth's upperatmosphere from 50,000 light-years away.
Scientiststhink the source is a spinning neutron star, which is the superdense,city-sized remains of an exploded star. Although only about 12 miles across, aneutron star contains more mass than the sun. The object has been cataloged asSGR J1550-5418.
Whileneutron stars typically possess intense magnetic fields, a subgroup displaysfields 1,000 times stronger. These so-called magnetarshave the strongest

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.33645
Retrieved Text: A Growler render engine for processing jade template files. This uses the pyjade package with the mako base - though this should be strictly an implemenation detail and not a concern of the user.
The only class the user has to worry about is JadeRenderer, which can be found in either growler_jade.JadeRenderer or the namespace growler_ext.jade_renderer.JadeRenderer. The latter method is used by the growler extension auto-importer growler.ext, making importing multiple packages very clean.
A JadeRenderer is created with a path (which must exist) which contains the template files to render. There are currently no configuration options available, but this is likely to change. This object must be added to the application via the app.use() method. In all server middleware following this object, a the ‘render’ method will be available on the response object, allowing you to render any filename found in the given renderer’s path: res.render('foo') renders foo.jade found in the path.
Contributions are welcome that follow the Growler Contribution Guidelines.
No license has been chosen.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.332127
Retrieved Text: One of the main drawbacks of Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) is the contribution of the scattered photons due to the object and the detector. Scattered photons are deflected from their original path after their interaction with the object. This additional contribution of the scattered photons results in increased measured intensities, since the scattered intensity simply adds to the transmitted intensity. This effect is seen as an overestimation in the measured intensity thus corresponding to an underestimation of absorption. This results in artifacts like cupping, shading, streaks etc. on the reconstructed images. Moreover, the scattered radiation provides a bias for the quantitative tomography reconstruction (for example atomic number and volumic mass measurement with dual-energy technique). The effect can be significant and difficult in the range of MeV energy using large objects due to higher Scatter to Primary Ratio (SPR). Additionally, the incident high energy photons which are scattered by the Compton effect are more forward directed and hence more likely to reach the detector. Moreover, for MeV energy range, the contribution of the photons produced by pair production and Bremsstrahlung process also becomes important. We propose an evaluation of a scattering correction technique based on the method named Scatter Kernel Superposition (SKS). The algorithm uses a continuously thickness-adapted kernels method. The analytical parameterizations of the scatter kernels are derived in terms of material thickness, to form continuously thickness-adapted kernel maps in order to correct the projections. This approach has proved to be efficient in producing better sampling of the kernels with respect to the object thickness.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.238432
Retrieved Text: An ideal motor movement configuration is being developed for a special 3D laser scanner which uses active triangulation. The result of a scanning process is a point cloud, which may have missing parts. These can appear for example where a concave part of the scanned object is hidden by some other part of the object itself. These missing parts can be detected, and the scanner can be reconfigured for the following scan.
In order to achieve a better scan, the transformations of the scanner's motors will be adjusted in such a way that these missing parts will be seen from a better angle. These transformations can be calculated from the results of the previous scans. The point cloud is analyzed, for example, normal vectors are calculated for the points, and the transformations for the following scan are calculated. These transformations are created so that it is the most likely to scan every part of the object based on the previously scanned point cloud.
The calculations also contain a list of points that must be visible from each scanned point (for example the camera and the laser) and it also contains an ideal point that is used for optimization purposes.
This paper contains the details of the transformation calculations, a simulator that is created for testing the calculations in 2D, and numerical and visual representation of the results with this simulator.
This method will be used for automated scans, where previous scans of the same object will make it possible for the scanner to create a better and better scanning configuration.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.22542
Retrieved Text: Displays attribution text for the layers in a map. The text displayed for the layers is either a list of data providers or sources as defined in the layer's custom attribution data, or the copyright text. The widget automatically updates based on layer visibility and map extent. The widget displays a single line of attribution that can be expanded with a single click to view all data sources.
When using the compact build, map attribution is false by default. To display attribution import the esri/dijit/Attribution module and set the map's construction option showAttribution to true.
For additional information on working with attribution please visit the official attribution in your app documentation.
new Attribution(options, srcNodeRef) Creates a new Attribution object.
esriAttributionDelim The element that contains the delimiter string for an attribution item. There can be one or more of these items.
esriAttributionItem The element that contains text for a map layer. There can be more than one of these elements.
esriAttributionLastItem The last visible item is used to determine wheter a trailing delimiter is displayed.
esriAttributionList Represents the element that contains all the attribution items.
itemDelimiter String String used as the delimiter between attribution items.
itemNodes Object Object containing elements where each element contains attribution text for a layer in the map.
listNode HTMLSpanElement Reference to the span element that contains all the attribution items.
map Map Reference to the map object for which the widget is displaying attribution.
destroy() None Destroy the attribution widget.
Creates a new Attribution object.
<Object> options Required An object that defines the attribution options. View the options list for details.
<Node | String> srcNodeRef Required HTML

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.19031
Retrieved Text: When a vehicle is in motion, energy is used to overcome friction in many different areas (the tyres rolling over the road, the air that needs to be pushed aside, friction in bearings etc). When the object is in motion, the energy in contains needs to be transferred into a different form of energy. E=MC2, which loosely means: Energy = Mass x speed(square). A vehicle has a certain mass, and when the speed it moves at increases, the energy the object contains increases as well. When this object needs to be slowed down for whatever reason, this amount of energy needs to go somewhere. The use of friction is a regularly used solution, where the braking systems consists out of 2 objects being pressed against each other. 1 object moves with the vehicle while another object remains stationary. The friction creates heat, which absorbs part of the energy from the moving vehicle. Without brakes, a vehicle has no way to slow down or stop completely. Although extremely common these days, the invention of moving object often begins with getting them into motion, not with stopping that motion.
The brakes in a vehicle can consist out of many different components. Although there is large different between different systems, they often contain a few similar components. These include the brake drum, a type of brake disc, a type of brake shoe and a spring type system to release the brakes.
These are often seen on motorcycles and some cars. The disc brake consists out of a rotating disc that is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.079296
Retrieved Text: This means that if an object displaces an amount of water weighing more than its own weight, it will float. If an object displaces an amount of water weighing less than its own weight, it will sink. If an object displaces an amount of water equal to its own weight, it wrill neither float nor sink, but remain suspended in the water. If an object floats, we call it positively buoyant ifit sinks, we call it negatively buoy ant and if it neither floats nor sinks, we call it neutrally buovant. A buoyancy change that makes some-thing more likely to float is called having "more" buoyancy: a change that makes something more likely to sink icalled having "less" buoyancy.
As a scuba diver. it important to learn to control your buoyancy at the surface and underwater because it Lets you control where you are in the water. For instance, you'll learn to establish positive buoyancy at the surface so you can save energy and rest. Underwater, you'll remain neutrally buoyant most of the time - almost weightless, like an astronaut so you can swim effortlessly and move freely in all directions. Staying neutrally buoyant keeps you off the bottom so you avoid injuring delicate aquatic life.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.000532
Retrieved Text: An XRPivotGridOptionsPrint object which contains the pivot grid's print options.
The OptionsPrint object contains properties which specify the pivot grid's elements that are to be printed, and various print options.
To learn more, see the list of the XRPivotGridOptionsPrint class members.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.99912
Retrieved Text: This class provides static methods which aim at exploring the contents of an Any and extracting its value. All public methods take an Object argument that either is the immediate object, such as Boolean, Type, interface implementation, or an Any that contains an object.
The methods which extract the value do a widening conversion. See the method comments for the respective conversions.
Determines the type of an any object.
checks if the any contains UNO idl sequence value (meaning a java array containing elements which are values of UNO idl types).
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type boolean.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type byte.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type char.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type double.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type enum.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type float.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type long (which maps to a java-int).
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type hyper (which maps to a java-long).
checks if the any contains an interface, struct, exception, sequence or enum.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type short.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type string.
checks if the any contains a value of the idl type type.
checks if the any contains the idl type void.
converts an array or an any containing an array into an array.
converts an Boolean object or an Any object

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.946602
Retrieved Text: This is a note in reply to Victor Felder’s question who asked me what “Unsupported phi use of arguments” Crankshaft bailout means.
If one compiles this code naively then an argument object will be allocated when function is entered and a normal property lookup will be used at property access sites (1)/(2) to find number of arguments and their values respectively. However allocating arguments object taxes garbage collector - which might be expensive if this function is very hot - and furthermore is completely unnecessary - as long as optimizing compiler knows that arguments contains the arguments object in (1) and (2) it can just emit very short chunks of code to get the length and argument by index right from the stack - because this information is already there and thus there is no need to rewrap it into an arguments object.
Now we just need to make sure to apply this optimization only if we can easily establish that it is applicable. Easily is a keyword here. Crankshaft often preferred simple solution that cover most useful cases - to more generic but also more complicated solutions.
For example, compiler can obviously easily establish that variable a in the code below always contains the current arguments object and nothing else.
Which means optimization described above is still applicable.
There is a very important thing to understand here, so I will reiterate on it: once optimizing compiler chews on this code there will be no arguments object, it will be dematerialized, it will not exist and neither will variable a which

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.93265
Retrieved Text: izobretenie relates to techniques for generating electrical energy by converting the energy of sea waves.
There is a method of energy from sea waves (see RF patent № 2221933, publ. 20.01.2004) using placesthe by transferring this energy to the actuator by means of vertical rods and gear. In the apparatus of the way, buoyancy, energizing waves are guides mines, which are delicate, transferring energy to the actuator with gear racks that are installed in the box-shaped rods can move in them, and hrapovic gears, which are mounted on the main shaft, the rods have a parallel guide shafts, enter the toothed rack in engagement with rapovymi gears during movement of placesthe up and take them out of engagement with the movement of placesthe down, accumulate mechanical energy on the line of the main shaft, which have horizontally using the flywheel and transmit it through the gearbox to the generator.
Also known wave energy complex (see RF patent № 2410489, publ. 27.01.2011), which consists of a hinged dock, console, pendulum hinge, ramps and linear generator. Along the ramp attached to the rod that transmits mechanical is such fluctuations in the magnetic core of the linear generator. The linear generator is located along the axis of movement of the RAM indicated by the angle of the ramp. The rod passes rectilinear translational oscillations on the magnetic core, which is moving inside the conductive coil (winding)in the case of the generator exciting current.
All known devices use one of the basic wave effects - periodic change of water level at a point

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.85556
Retrieved Text: Creates the EffectFormatData object that contains all effects applyed to a shape, included inherited.
Creates the FillFormatData object that contains all fill formatting properties for a shape, included inherited.
Creates the LineFormatData object that contains all line formatting properties for a shape, included inherited.
Creates the ThreeDFormatData object that contains volume properties and 3D transformation of a shape, included inherited.
Returns the EffectFormat object which contains pixel effects applied to a shape.
Returns the FillFormat object that contains fill formatting properties for a shape.
Returns or sets the hyperlink defined for mouse click.
Returns or sets the hyperlink defined for mouse over.
Returns the LineFormat object that contains line formatting properties for a shape.
Returns the parent presentation of a slide.
Returns the parent slide of a shape.
Returns the ThreeDFormat object that 3d effect properties for a shape.
Determines whether the shape is TextHolder_PPT.
Determines whether the shape is TextHolder_PPT. Read-only boolean.
Returns the placeholder for a shape. Returns null if the shape has no placeholder. Read-only IPlaceholder.
Returns the LineFormat object that contains line formatting properties for a shape. Note: can return null for certain types of shapes which don't have line properties. Read-only ILineFormat.
Returns the ThreeDFormat object that 3d effect properties for a shape. Note: can return null for certain types of shapes which don't have 3d properties. Read-only IThreeDFormat.
Returns the EffectFormat object which contains pixel effects applied to a shape. Note: can return null for certain types of shapes which don't have effect properties. Read-only IEffectFormat.
Returns the FillFormat object that contains fill formatting properties for a shape. Note: can return null for certain types of shapes which

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.793514
Retrieved Text: Home / Home Building Pet Peeves / Hot Water Heaters?
This is one of my biggest pet peeves, yet it most likely will never cause you any trouble what-so-ever as you build your new home. It still bothers me though. So, please try to bear with me as I get this off my chest, once and for all.
The object shown in the picture to the left is an electric water heater. It is a large tank that contains one or more heating elements. Similar models are available that use oil, natural gas, or propane gas as an energy source. Water heaters are used to raise the temperature of water that enters the tank from the main water source and store the heated water until it is needed by the occupants of the building in which they are installed. However, whether the water that enters the tank comes from an on-site well or a local municipal water supply, it is almost always considered to be cold water.
Since these devices are used to heat cold water, I just can’t figure out why so many people insist on calling them hot water heaters. If you already have hot water coming into your home, why would you need to heat it? In fact, instead of calling this appliance a hot water heater, wouldn’t one be more correct in calling it a cold water heater?
You can check our plumbing directory to find plumbing supplies, resources, books and more information about hot water heating systems, hot water storage tanks, hot water pipes, point

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.744019
Retrieved Text: Since in generational GC we may need to find all the live objects in a young generation without traversing the older generation(s), we need a record of the pointers from those old generations into the young generations. This is termed the "remembered set".
In GHC each generation structure contains a field mut_list, which points to a chain of blocks. Each block in the chain contains a list of pointers to objects in that generation which contain pointers to objects in younger generations. There are alternative schemes, e.g.
Keeping track of each pointer, rather than object that points to a younger generation. The remembered set would be larger (possibly very much larger, in the case of arrays), but it would be more accurate, and traversing the remembered set at GC time would be faster.
Some GCs use "card-marking" schemes whereby the heap is divided into "cards" of a fixed size, and each card has a bit to indicate whether that card contains pointers to a younger generation. This is much less accurate than a remembered set, but it is faster at runtime if a lot of mutation is taking place, and it takes less space than a remembered set. In GHC we typically do not have much mutation to worry about, so card marking would be a poor compromise in our case.
The remembered set may contain duplicates, or it may contain pointers to objects that don't really point to young generations.
While the mutator is running, we have to add any old-to-new generation pointers that are created. Old-to-new pointers are created

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.709724
Retrieved Text: This category contains both pendulums and dowsing rods.
The pendulum is a remarkable divination tool for accessing answers to all manner of things. It is a way of bypassing your logic and tapping into you inner knowing. Using a pendulum regularly helps to build a stronger connection to your higher self. Establish which way it swings for you, indicating negative or positive answers. Hold the pendulum in your dominant hand, between thumb and forefinger with your arm out so the energy can flow freely.
Within our beautiful pendulum collection you will find many unusual and unique designs. From the traditional brass to the energy of the appealing gemstone range including the Chakra stones.
The most commonly used dowsing rod is a forked (Y-shaped). Many dowsers today use a pair of simple L-shaped metal rods. One rod is held in each hand, with the short arm of the L held upright, and the long arm pointing forward. When something is found, the rods cross over one another making an "X" over the found object. If the object is long and straight, such as a water pipe, the rods will point in opposite directions, showing its orientation.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.70855
Retrieved Text: Designing materials based on physical laws can tremendously simplify shading and lighting, even when we do not necessarily strive for realism or physical accuracy. By understanding and applying a few principles we can make images that are more believable, and create materials that behave more predictably in different lighting setups.
In modern renderers, physically based rendering generally refers to concepts like energy conservation, physically plausible scattering and layering in materials and linear color spaces. Arnold is a physically based renderer, but it also lets you break the rules and create materials and lights that do not obey the laws of physics if you wish. In this document we'll explain the underlying theory and how to set up your shaders to follow these principles.
Arnold supports various third party applications such as Substance Painter.
In rendering we simulate photons emitted from lights, travelling through the air and bouncing off surfaces and through volumes, eventually ending up on a camera sensor. The combination of millions of photons on the camera sensor then forms the rendered image.
This means that from a physics point of view, surface shaders describe how the surface interacts with photons. Photons hitting an object can be absorbed, reflect off the surface, refract through the surface, or scatter around inside the object. The combination of these components results in a wide variety of materials.
Unless an object is a light source that emits photons, it can't return more energy than is being contributed by the incoming light. For a material to be energy conserving the number of photons leaving the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.611137
Retrieved Text: Astronomers Microquasar - Solar System Planets And Moons Section.
Computer illustration of microquasar LS5039. Image credit: PPARC.
In a recent issue of Science Magazine, the High energy Stereoscopic System (H.E.S.S.) team of international astrophysicists reports the discovery of another new type of very high energy (VHE) gamma ray source.
The object that is producing the high energy radiation is thought to be a 'microquasar'. These objects consist of two stars in orbit around each other. One star is an ordinary star, but the other has used up all its nuclear fuel, leaving behind a compact corpse. Depending on the mass of the star that produced it, this compact object is either a neutron star or a black hole, but either way its strong gravitational pull draws in matter from its companion star. This matter spirals down towards the neutron star or the black hole, in a similar way to water spiraling down a plughole.
However, sometimes the compact object receives more matter than it can cope with. The material is then squirted away from the system in a jet of matter moving at speeds close to that of light, resulting in a microquasar. Only a few such objects are known to exist in our Galaxy and one of them, an object called LS5039, has now been detected by the H.E.S.S. team.
In fact, the real nature LS5039 is something of a mystery. It is not clear what the compact object is. Some of the characteristics suggest it is a Neutron star, some that it is a black hole. Not only that,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.55863
Retrieved Text: [...] the question of whether Machines Can Think [...] is about as relevant as the question of whether Submarines Can Swim.
In “project” chapters, I’ll stop pummeling you with new theory for a brief moment and instead work through a program with you. Theory is indispensable when learning to program, but it should be accompanied by reading and understanding nontrivial programs.
Our project in this chapter is to build a virtual ecosystem, a little world populated with critters that move around and struggle for survival.
To make this task manageable, we will radically simplify the concept of a world. Namely, a world will be a two-dimensional grid where each entity takes up one full square of the grid. On every turn, the critters all get a chance to take some action.
Thus, we chop both time and space into units with a fixed size: squares for space and turns for time. Of course, this is a somewhat crude and inaccurate approximation. But our simulation is intended to be amusing, not accurate, so we can freely cut such corners.
We can define a world with a plan, an array of strings that lays out the world’s grid using one character per square.
The “#” characters in this plan represent walls and rocks, and the “o” characters represent critters. The spaces, as you might have guessed, are empty space.
A plan array can be used to create a world object. Such an object keeps track of the size and content of the world. It has a toString method, which converts the world back to a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.54257
Retrieved Text: One of the most frequently asked questions from those who study earth energies is “from where do they come?” I believe that it is a question that should be asked and that an attempt should be made by all to answer it. This article relates my observations over the years and tries to make sense out of the confusion that may exist when dowsers first set out on the earth energies trail.
The Earth Energies Group chose the name carefully by using the plural “energies” rather than the singular. This indicates that these energies may have many sources, in, on and around the earth. The statement made by many dowsers that every object has a dowsable energy field around it goes a long way to answering the question, but the significance is not fully appreciated.
Is the size of the object important? Is the position of the object important? Is the distance from the object important? Does the object need to be on the surface of the earth or can it be under the surface of the earth or above the surface of the earth?
If taken literally, the statement that every object has a dowsable energy field would mean that size is not important and that there is no cut off point right down to the smallest molecule or up to the largest feature in creation. It means that every speck of dust, every blade of grass, every tree, every rock and every topographical feature on the earth such as a hill, valley, river or lake has its

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.499195
Retrieved Text: There is a way to affect the performance of the garbage collection, which is introduced in .Net through the WeakReferences.
When an object points to another one, this is called strong reference, or just reference, as we used to say, and in this case the GC will not collect that obhject as a "garbage". The WeakReferences are kind of references, the objects, which they point to can be collected, and if later they will be accessed throug the WeakReference, the access will fail.
The managed heap contains two internal data structures whose sole purpose is to manage weak references: short and long weak reference tables.
If an object has a short weak reference to itself, and is collected, then it's finalization method doesn't run, and it is being collected immediately. For the long weak reference, when the garbage collector collects object pointed to by the long weak reference table only after determining that the object's storage is reclaimable. If the object has a Finalize method, the Finalize method has been called and the object was not resurrected.
These two tables simply contain pointers to objects allocated within the managed heap. Initially, both tables are empty. When you create a WeakReference object, an object is not allocated from the managed heap. Instead, an empty slot in one of the weak reference tables is located; short weak references use the short weak reference table and long weak references use the long weak reference table.
Since garbage collection cannot complete without stopping the entire program, it can cause pauses at arbitrary times during the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.420036
Retrieved Text: Asteroid: a large rocky object in space, in orbit around the Sun.
Meteoroid: smaller rocks in orbit around the Sun.
Meteorite: Some objects are big enough to survive the passage through the earth's atmosphere and hit the Eath's surface.
Is it likely that life on earth would be destroyed by an asteroid impact?
The likelyhood of an extinction event depends on the energy released during impact, which in turn depends on the mass (which is related to the size and density) and the velocity.
In general it is estimated that an object of 10km diameter or larger would result in many deaths and would release enough dust into the atmosphere to cause a 'nuclear' winter. Resulting in widespread famine. A 10 km object would probably not cause the complete extinction of the human race but it would probably result in the breakdown of civilisation.
What is the diameter distribution within the dataset?
So most of the objects in this dataset are about 10m or less in diameter.
Are there any objects greater than 1 km?
None of these objects is big enough to cause the extinction of the human race. That's the good news, the bad news is that the dataset only includes some of the asteroids that have been discovered, there may be many more that remain to be discovered and some of those may be larger than 10km.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.265608
Retrieved Text: PROPERTIES OF MATTER AND ENERGY What is matter? Matter is anything that takes up space and has mass. Properties of Matter Mass Definition: the amount of matter in an object Tool for measuring: pan balance Volume Definition: the amount of space an object takes up Tool for measuring: graduated cylinder Weight Definition: the measure of the pull of gravity on an object Tool for measuring: spring scale Density Definition: how much matter is found in a certain space or how much matter is packed together; density depends on mass and volume Lesson Checkpoint: What is the difference between mass and weight? Special Properties of Matter Some matter has the capability of conducting energy, such as wires which conduct electrical energy. Some matter insulates against energy, such as a wood handle on a pot that insulates against heat energy so that you can hold a hot pot using the wooden handle and not get burned. Other properties of matter include magnetism which is the property of being magnetic (attracting iron or steel) and buoyancy, which is the ability of an object to float. © Copyright NewPath Learning. All Rights Reserved. Permission is granted for the purchaser to print copies for non-commercial educational purposes only. Visit us at www.NewPathLearning.com.
Energy Energy is the ability to do work. Kinetic energy is energy that is happening now; it is energy in motion. The faster an object is moving, the more kinetic energy it has. The more mass an object has, the more kinetic energy it will have. Kinetic energy can change

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.208223
Retrieved Text: Crystal Spheres are one of the most powerful tools used in crystal healing. A crystal sphere emits a beautiful, high frequency of harmony and positive energy due to its smooth, round symmetrical shape. Since ancient times, the sphere has been considered a superior shape to all others. A gemstone sphere radiates, clear, positive energy in all directions which makes them the perfect object to hold and focus on for healing and ritual work.
In this set you will receive 7 natural and genuine gemstone spheres. You will receive one each of the following. Beautiful high quality Garnet (be sure to bring yours out into the sunshine to see it sparkle its fiery color), Clear Quartz, Solid Copper, White Onyx, Black Obsidian, Rose Quartz and Peach Moonstone.
Spheres will be similar in size to those shown in the photos, which range from approximately 53mm down to 15mm. This set contains over 1lb of spheres.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.200577
Retrieved Text: In Physics and Chemistry heat and temperature are the terms used very often. These are the same physical states of an object. But they are different from each other. People generally use the term wrongly as they interchange them. When the temperature of an object is incresed the heat of the object is increased. Let us try to find the difference between the two.
Heat is potential as well as kinetic energyc contained in an object. Kinetic energy is moving energy while potential energyis the contained energy which is stored and remain static in an object. Joules is its unit of measurement.
Temperature is a number related to energy. It is a measure of the kinetic energy and not the energy itself. Kelvin and Celsius and Fahrenheit are the units to measure temperature.
The molecules of heat move faster once the heat enters a body. The heat and temperature of an object goes up. It is due to the fact that the molecules hit each other. Temperature is the measure of these collisions.Heat can cause change of phase such as melting of ice into water occurs without the change in temperature.
Heat is an energy entered in an object. It is the measure of the complete energy of an object. Temperature on the other hand, is the major of only the molecules’ kinetic energy of an object. Heat is an extensive property. Temperature on the other hand, is an intensive energy. For example water boils at 100 degree centigrade. The quantity of water does not make any difference. The fact

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.192013
Retrieved Text: This kinetic energy calculator calculates the kinetic energy of an object based on the object's mass and the object's velocity, according to the formula shown above. Kinetic energy is the amount of energy which an object possesses while in motion.
To use this calculator, a user just enter's the mass of the object, measured in grams (g), and the velocity, measured in meters per second (m/s). The result of the computation is in unit joules (J).
A kinetic energy calculator can be useful for electronics, especially when viewing it from a more physics perspective, because it can be used to calculate the kinetic energy of electrons in a circuit. Remember that current is electrons in motion. So when there is current in a circuit, meaning moving electrons, these electrons have kinetic energy. The opposite of kinetic energy is potential energy, which are electrons that aren't moving. See the potential energy calculator to learn more. To calculate the amount of energy that electrons have while in motion, all we have to do is calculate the kinetic energy. We plug in the mass of electrons and their velocity and we compute the kinetic energy.

================



======= Instance Index 67 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are low resistance or high resistance ):

Longer length resistors will offer more resistance than shorter resistors.


If you have a wire that is long it will have low resistance or high resistance?

Target Text: high resistance

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.876867
Retrieved Text: I have a TMaxx with the stock radio, and a roll cage. After several rolls (thank goodness for the cage ) the wire hanging out of the tube has been cut from being against the roll cage while sliding across concrete. I'd say that now there's maybe 2-3" of antenna wire hanging loose from the cap at the top. Probably about 4" got cut off.
How much does this matter? It can't be good for very long range reception... Can the wire be replaced? If so, how long should it be?
I would replace it if i were you, it could make quite a difference to your long range signal. You can replace the wire easy enough, you just have to be careful, take the reciever apart and de-solder the old wire from the board. Re-solder a new one on and you are set (thats what I would do any way). I have a feeling they are about 750mm long...but i dont have one here to measure, maybe someone will do it for you.
Basically the wire is a specific length due to the wavelength of the signal it recieves, by shortening it you lose some of the signal.
Is antenna wire something my LHS carries, or can I use any old wire? Is there a specific gauge?
so, you mean that only 4" got cut off the end of the wire? If so then simply range test your radio. Is it good to go? Then don't fret about it.
That's not a good idea... Don't just range test it. Your receiver

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.720905
Retrieved Text: When looking online for ideas on how to install low voltage lighting, this article should help most people. I will talk about what you will need and how to lay out your wire runs for the best results.
Looking to set up a line of Landscape Lighting and you do not like the kits available. Want to step up and create your own design. When installing outdoor low voltage lights you will need to know what it takes to buy the proper low voltage transformer, wire and wire connectors to make your lights work correctly. In this blog we will cover the math that it takes to make your dream lights work.
The first step than you will have to take is to map your lights. Draw a simple diagram of your area that will be lit. Place a mark for each light fixture than will be set. Mark each location with the wattage of the light, this will be added together to get the total wattage of each run of lights.
I used a garden hose to lay out my wire run. It is very limber and can be shaped around objects. This can give a more realistic look at where and how your wire run will be.
You will have to measure the total length of each wire run from the transformer. This information will be used to determine the size of the wire and transformer needed. See the wire section of this blog for wire size requirements.
For more information on how to design a wire run that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.705702
Retrieved Text: I'm building the box that will contain the balloon's payload out of a polystyrene sheet. Polystyrene can be bought in construction supply stores such as Leroy Merlin in Europe, maybe Home Depot in the US. I've got a 160 x 60 cm sheet for about 2€ from Leroy Merlin (you have to go to the construction supply area, not the main shop).
You can cut polystyrene with a regular knife, but the easiest way is using a hot wire. At the right temperature, the wire melts the foam like butter, leaving the cleanest cut behind. And best of all, with no fumes!
Car battery, or something capable of delivering 3-4 amps at 9-12 volts. I used my car's old battery. It won't power the starter, but it definitely melts the polystyrene.
A couple of battery cables with clamps.
2 aluminum rods. 1 m long, 6-8 mm thick is enough. Hollow ones are cheaper, lighter and better. I've got them from a local hardware store for ~1.50€ each.
Small machine screws and bolts. I used 3mm across, 12mm long screws.
Two vises. Mine are small, the ones that will hold on to the bench with a clamp, rather than screws.
Drill or dremel tool. And a 3mm bit.
First, clamp the vises to the bench, one facing up and the other facing down. These will hold the rods.
Use one of the vises to clamp and flatten the tip of the rods. Just flatten the last 1-2 cm, this will make it easier to drill through it.
Cut the nicrom wire. The wire acts as a resistor,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.50365
Retrieved Text: Running wire through a wall is a complex operation. If you aren't familiar with construction or what lies behind sheetrock, you might want to hire an experienced electrician. Is there an attic or a crawl space where you can run wires? Is this an exterior wall? Is there any plumbing or existing wiring in the wall where you plan to run the wire?
A helper, to keep you from running back and forth.
Verify that there are no plumbing pipes or wires in the area where you will be cutting into the wall.
Using the template provided with the electrical box or the low voltage frame, mark the hole to be cut.
Double check with a stud sensor to make sure there is no stud in the way of the hole to be cut.
Leave an assistant at the hole in the wall while you go into the attic.
Drill a hole right above your desired location in the 2X4 header at the top of the wall from the attic. If you need to get past fire blocking further down then use a long drill bit to drill through that also.
Run a fish tape through the holes just drilled. Alternatively, long drill bits often have a hole next to the tip that can be used to pull a wire or string back with the drill bit.
Have your assistant pull the end of the fish tape out of the wall and attach the wire.
Your assistant should tape over the wire at the attachment point to keep it from coming loose and to smooth

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.43727
Retrieved Text: Compared to commonplace 16-gauge wire, AudioQuest's X2 speaker cable reduces resistance over longer runs, so your high-quality components and speakers will get the cleanest, most accurate signal possible. As a general rule, the lower the gauge, the thicker the wire, and the better its capacity to pass amplified audio signal.
AudioQuest's cable designs come from years of in-house research and careful engineering. Their X2 speaker cables use a special semi-solid concentric arrangement that keeps the bundled strands in the same position throughout the length of the cable. The signal encounters less potentially damaging interactions and shifts in magnetic environment, resulting in sound that's clearer and more dynamic. The conductors are made of long-grain copper to ensure efficient signal transfer with minimal loss.
Overview: This package contains a 50-foot length of Audioquest X2 speaker cable. This 14-gauge wire comes in an off-white PVC jacket. The speaker wire is unterminated, allowing you to add your own optional connectors. The jacket features a red stripe along one conductor to help you make the proper connections.
Design: Audioquest X2 speaker cable features Semi-Solid concentric packing. In conventional multi-strand speaker wire, strands can change position within the bundle. Electrical and magnetic interaction are compounded as each strand changes position, causing distortion. Audioquest's Semi-Solid concentric packing, the long-grain copper strands within the smaller, tighter concentric bundle do not change position, significantly reducing distortion.
Is the 14 gauge dual conductor cable pliable or is it stiff? I have a concern when pulling the amp out from the cabinet if the wire will loop okay and not pull

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.29152
Retrieved Text: Pleasant day, I believe today you would like merchandise, so that you are on the proper website. Currently you are looking at 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs post. And also I am hoping you will discover beneficial details within right here prior to obtain item. Currently I have to write about 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs. Very little info that this 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs merchandise is manufactured simply by uxcell business.
It is very flexible . Great for cleaning and rust removal inside of objects such as pipes and guns .
To learn more about 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs rate along with testimonials, you are able to just click THIS LINK . I am hoping this kind of publish will let you to take into consideration throughout getting connected with 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs product. Or perhaps produce your own . in which on this article one to uncover different merchandise that is certainly comparable together with 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs or possibly far better.
After you study that 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs, count on this 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire Tube Cleaning Brush 10Pcs product can be suit for you. If you feel a person still should uncover item aside from 29cm Long 10mm Diameter Stainless Steel Wire

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.23572
Retrieved Text: The 480mm refers to the length of the hot wire, our smaller 150mm cutter has been one of our best sellers but we have had increasing interest from customers who need something a bit bigger, so this is it.
We've mentioned that the hot wire is 480mm long but we have also increased the reach to 620mm, the reach being the distance from the hot wire to the black frame.
This perfectly balanced and ergonomic design is light weight and easy to use, we believe this together with it's robust and sturdy construction makes this unit perfect for not only the DIY market but also great for the commercial market.
The unit also utilises the push to heat button that we have used on our other designs, what this means is that the red button on top of the control box has to be held down to heat the wire. As soon as the button is released the wire will cool down, this ensures that the unit is never left on whilst unattended which we believe is paramount for this type of tool.
Or email us if you would like us to build you a hot wire cutter to your own dimensions.
NZ mains lead and spare fuse.
Ready to go, no assembly required.
This spare wire is designed to fit our 480mm hot wire cutter. It comes complete with crimps on either end for easy assembly.
Both these videos show the cutter being used on the dense more commercial type polystyrene insulation.
Only the supplied wire & power supply can be used, never experiment

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.105593
Retrieved Text: This Premium Hematite Colored wire is perfect for jewelry creations and projects that require wire with more temper. This wire is perfect for making components and setting stones!
This has a copper metal base so this has a nice substantial weight. First it is colored in this deep grey HEMATITE Color. A clear enamel coating is baked on so it is non-tarnishing and perfect for light to medium duty projects.
I usually have at least 5 of each gauge on hand; if you order more there might be a delay. I will contact you asap if that happens. I receive wire shipments 2-3 times a month so the wait will not be long. If you have an ongoing need just let me know as I am happy to stock it just for you.
►This is also referred to as German Style reflecting its' half hard temper.
I haven't use it yet but love the color and am looking forward to creating beautiful jewelry with it. Thanks for a great buying experience again.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.036642
Retrieved Text: The bus shell is connected to the ground wire, and grounded by the AC supply circuit. The white neutral circuit wire is not connected to the bus shell, its ground bonding is at the supply.
Only bond the ground to neutral at the point of origin of the power. If the power comes from dockside (campground) then it is bonded there and you don't bond it. If it comes from your generator, it should be bonded inside the generator and you don't bond past the generator. It's the same thing if you add a sub panel in your house--the main panel in the house is bonded--nothing past the main panel is bonded.
I used solid wire everywhere. This is where the theory and the practice diverge. There is barely any movement in a vehicle on the wiring. Immeasurable if you have it secured every 6". You need heat to deteriorate the wire--you won't get it. It won't work loose of the connections. I got rid of a '71 Winnebago 2 or 3 years ago and everything worked great. It was solid wire.
I buy 100 foot extension cord when they're on sale number, 12/3 conductor wire size. I can get them for as little as $15.00 and they come in different colors. I get several different colors and use yellow for air conditioners, orange for lights, black for wall plugs (120 volt) and green for 12 volt. They are UL approved and very flexible. You need to tin the ends when you hook them up to your main and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.003931
Retrieved Text: You will need a low voltage wiring guide when planning your outdoor lighting. This will help you decide what size wire, how many lights can be on each run of wire and how to run your wire.
Voltage drop happens when your wire is too small to handle the number of lights or is too long. Having too long of a run will have the lights at the start of the run at 12 volts and the lights at the end having only around 8 volts. The lights will still work, but will not last as long if they are not running close to 12 volts.
Having too many lights on the same run will have the same effect. The lights at the start of the run will have more voltage than the lights at the end of the run.
To correct this problem, mapping your runs with a connection in the middle of the run going both ways will correct this problem.
After you have mapped out where the lights will be you must include the wattage of each fixture. This will help in deciding how to run the wire from transformer. must have the number fo feet between each fixture and the wattage of the lights at each location. Try to limit each run to 100 to 150 watts of total output.
Divide the fixtures into areas for the best coverage and having the same number of watts in each run. Long runs can be split in the middle and the amount of lights will be cut in half.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.95795
Retrieved Text: En noir et blanc ce collier doit être encore plus joli.
Lovely perfect for spring and summer!
Still waiting for the amount i need to create one of the beautiful pieces. Please try to make it happen thank you.
I don’t think this comment area is monitored. I suggest you count the number of beads in the line-drawn pattern and then multiply that by how many inches you need it to be.
For example, in today’s pattern, one section takes roughly 50 seed beads 11/0, two 8/0, and four drop beads. Make one, see how big it is, then multiply that by however many you need for your neck. That will give you a rough estimate of the amount you need of beads.
Most of these patterns lend themselves to this kind of figuring. Yes, it means a little extra effort, but you need to recognize that these are just patterns, not instructions.
For a newbee, my suggestion is,with the thread measure your neck size, take three or four times the size of your neck. You might still have some balance if wire you take that much long. This way you can do with same wire without adding a new wire. If the wire is too long even after you finish the pattern for your size, just bring it back through the pattern as much as you can after locking the pattern with crimp bead at the end. This will make the necklace stronger too..
Wire? I would have thought that the pattern was made with nymo or fireline. What gauge, 32? Or

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.946259
Retrieved Text: This tutorial teaches you how to make an ear cuff that is decorated with beautiful coiled swirls and beads.
Cut the dead soft 20g wire into 3 pieces of 5” each. Mark the center with a permanent marker.
The mark you make here will start to fade while you are weaving. You may need to re-mark the wire as you go.
Cut a 2’ piece of 28g wire and wrap it around one of the 20g wires about 5 times approximately ¼” away from the center mark.
Place a second 20g wire next to the first one. Bring the 28g wire between the two 20g wires, and then make 1 complete wrap around the second wire.
Place the 3rd wire next to the 2nd wire. Bring the 28g wire between the 2nd and third wires, and then make 2 complete wraps around the 3rd wire.
After bringing the weaving wire up between the 2nd and 3rd wires again, make 2 complete wraps around the middle wire again.
Put 2 full wraps around the 1st wire again.
Continue weaving in this manner until you reach the marks made in the first step. Make sure you keep the weave tight by pushing the wires together with your fingernails as you weave.
Add a 4mm bead to the weaving wire. Lay the bead across the frame wires and bring the weaving wire down underneath all of the frame wires.
Wrap the weaving wire around the frame wire.
Bring the weaving wire up and insert it into the space created between the bead and the frame wires.
Pull the wire all the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.861298
Retrieved Text: Beaded Jewelry Diva - Make Beaded Jewelry!
A beaded chainmaille tutorial you ask? Well, you did ask, so here’s the first of my projects! The beaded chainmaille bracelet jewelry video tutorial is below, but before we get there, let’s talk about jump rings a bit more first.
I do have a more in-depth post and free PDF about jump rings, but let’s do a quick overview, so you can make sure you have the right rings for the project.
It’s sturdy enough to not warp easily.
For the project, you will need 18 gauge jump rings that have an ID of 6mm. You can go as low as 5.9 or as high as 6.5, but 6mm is the “sweet spot”. You’ll also need some smaller rings for the ends — I think the ones I used were around 4mm, but you could use 3.5mm if that’s all you have. And if you only have the 6mm rings, you can use those as well! I just happen to like smaller rings for the ends.
For the beads, I highly suggest you use 6mm bicones. The reason is that the bicone shape lets the beads “snuggle down” and lets the top rings close easily. While you can use fire-polished or round beads, I don’t suggest you use them for this particular project — they make it very difficult to get the top rings closed.
Clasp — What to Choose?
The clasp is whatever you want to use. I made an S clasp, one that uses the same bead as in the bracelet. There is nothing

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.823166
Retrieved Text: In this instructable I will show you how to turn a plane slab of wood into a beautiful light fixture. I will try to to keep the level of this project adjustable, meaning you could make it at a workshop with heavy machinery and at home with relatively common tools. This is a fairly low budget project and the final cost will mostly depend on how much you choose to spend on your wood slab.
wooden slab - any type and size you like, I think a long narrow piece with the original trunk edge is best (like mine).
light housing - I used three E27 light housings but you can use more or less and different sizes (just make sure you get matching bulbs).
chain - I got two chains, 1 meter each, of a galvanized 4 mm link chain.
others - some wiring (preferably the color of your chain or clear) and wire connector, 6 hook screws (4 for the slab, 2 for the ceiling), varnish for the wood +cloth or brush to apply it (optional).
You should be able to find all these things (except for the wood) at your local hardware store but it's all also available online.
This is the hardest part of the project, especially if you aren't working at a workshop.
First cut the slab you want. Use whatever saw you have available that is easiest to use (table, band, chain or if you must - hand). Once you have the desired piece its time to straighten it out. The easiest way is using a planer

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.758682
Retrieved Text: The necklace made in this project consists of colorful beads and chain. The combination of beads and chain will make the necklace long enough that you can double or triple the necklace based on your personal preference.
The trend in the jewelry making nowadays is the layered necklace. Basically, the beads and the chain are easy to make and you can make your own design by choosing various beads with different colors and sizes as well as to pick your own chain from the style of the chain up to the length of it. You can personalize the necklace to meet your style.
Step 2. Make up some beaded connectors from wire and beads. You can make any numbers of beaded connectors as they depend on the design and the length of your layered necklace. If you want to make 32” necklace, you can make 12 beaded connectors.
To make the beaded connector, you have to cut the wire for 4” long. At 1” from end, bend the wire to make the loop using the round nosed pliers. Then, circling the 1” tail around the wire below the loop to completely close off the loop. Circling the tail for about 3 times and cut the excess wire to leave only the loop.
Step 3. Insert bead mix or bead into the wire. On the loose end of the wire, repeat the same step to make the loop. Make sure that there is enough space between the loop and the bead to wrap the wire with some circling wire tail. Then,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.744791
Retrieved Text: Does any one how much it roughly costs to install a barbed wire fencing around a 26 acre land?
I need an idea before I start thinking of installing it.
I can give a contact of a person who does good barbed wire fencing at good rates.
I had done fencing for my 20 Acres..
The land is based around 1.5 hr drive from Hyderabad. Does the person you're talking about serve this area?
If so, please pass on his details.
costs to install a barbed wire fencing around a 26 acre land?
pl mail your place where you want it to be done to raghupathiv@yahoo.com.
It will not cost too much should be around 12-15K per acre. The high level calculations are as under and you can do the math.
it will cost you 150/- for each pole. we have to place for every 4meters each pole. barbed wire will cost you 15/- per each meter to run 4 lanes of wire.
i can tell you extact amount if you tell me the circumference of the land.
plz contact me on arunmandha@yahoo.com or 09666399262.
y barbed wire fencing at so much cost? do you have waste money?
i will tell u superb idea. first have your borders tilled and plant two rows of lawsonia inermis (henna). it will grow in 6 months. then buy second hand barbed wire or buy that worn out long saw blades from timber mill and wow it in between the bush of henna. thats all. then you can harvest the leaves above 5 feet and have good income also. for more details contact

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.70686
Retrieved Text: Each member from our significant effectiveness gross sales team values customers' wants and enterprise communication for Galvanized Steel Crimped Wire Mesh , Galvanized Barbecue Crimped Wire Mesh , White Steel Crimped Wire Mesh , We are looking forward to establishing long-term business relationships with you. Your comments and suggestions are highly appreciated.
"We pursue the administration tenet of ""Quality is superior, Services is supreme, Standing is first"", and will sincerely create and share success with all customers for Galvanized Steel Crimped Wire Mesh , Galvanized Barbecue Crimped Wire Mesh , White Steel Crimped Wire Mesh , We welcome you to visit our company and factory. It is also convenient to visit our website. Our sales team will offer you the best service. If you need to have more information you should feel free to contact us by E-mail or telephone. We have been sincerely hope to establish a good long-term business relationship with you through this opportunity based on equal mutual benefit from now till the future.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.681164
Retrieved Text: How to make a wrapped loop connection to join beaded jewelry items together.
A wrapped loop is a strong connection used for beaded glass jewelry and other hand made jewelry pieces.
Done properly, this loop will enhance your beaded jewelry items and be much stronger than the open type of loop as used on an eye pin.
You will notice that this loop is seen frequently in glass beaded jewelry and art glass jewelry designs.
It is made from a single piece of wire and is quite often found in earrings.
It is not difficult to learn and is very quick to make, but it will take a number of tries to get it right.
Use light 24 gauge wire to practice with as it is easy to handle.
Take a piece of wire about 7-8cm long, grip it about two thirds along with your chain nose or flat nose pliers.
Bend the short end of the wire down to form a right angle.
Swap the wire over to your chain nose pliers and hold it at the bend.
Holding the wire with your round nose pliers push the short wire up and around to form a part loop. The short wire should now be pointing down alongside the longer leg.
Now, push the short leg under the nose of the pliers to form a loop as per the photo.
You should have a loop and the long leg still pointing downwards.
Grip the end of the wire with your chain nose pliers (use your fingers if it is easier) and begin to wind the wire around the other

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.677996
Retrieved Text: I started making knives as a hobby about 2 years ago, and have been lurking here and in some other forums for quite a while and been able to find numerous threads with invaluable information so far. As I am german I mainly visit the german Messerforum.net and came only to look not to post. I found several threads about HT oven construction but no one got into detail how to make your own elements. Mostly premade ones were used. As I actually have calculated and made elements for my former homemade oven and I am currently in the process of building a bigger one right now I thought to share the method.
There already have been several tutorials on how to build an HT oven so I will not elaborate on how to build a sheetmetal box, line it with bricks and install the elements in grooves.
This is only about the elements here.
Most of these ovens are fitted with premade commercial elements, this will work fine if you choose the right oven size, element size, and power.
But premade elements may not always be available or fit the desired size of oven to be build. So here I will concentrate solely on how to design your own elements from scratch. This will work for all different sizes.
Disclaimer: All the informations on wire specs and the recommended application come from the manufacturer. Only basic electric formulas are needed . With the below stated method I have so far built two kilns and have met no problems. I am

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.647247
Retrieved Text: Seasonal window swags are a great way to spread color and interest, especially if you have a lot of windows. I have never been one to string lights all over the outside of the house mainly because if I did, they would stay up there permanently. Add a little electric candle on the inside of the window and wallah, you have created some Christmas Classy Class.
Now, what to do if you can’t find them or don’t want to buy them. You make them of course. I have not seen any in the stores this year, so making them may be the only option. You can make them from fresh greenery of course, which would be absolutely gorgeous or you can use left over artificial garland.
I made mine several years ago when we live in a house that looked like a box, four windows up and four down all exactly the same size, all across the front. When the swags and candles where added at Christmas on all those windows, it was really pretty and festive.
First measure across your windows to obtain the length of your swag. Double that measurement and cut with wire cutters. Then fold together. You want the swag to have lots of volume. No skinny swags please! Next you will take a long piece of thin floral wire and wrap around the center. This piece of wire needs to be long enough to twist around the center of the swag, go through the window and wrap around your candle. You can always shorten

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.632551
Retrieved Text: This post is for the curious who are thinking about trying some wire bending. One viewer in particular actually asked for, and got some pliers and wire for Mother's Day! Well, I promised a little lesson, and here it is!
The best way to learn this material in my mind is to write with it. That's right, write. You really get a good feel for bending the wire. You will probably discover that this is a heck of a lot harder than it looks, but with practice you can do it.
After a while at this, you might be ready to draw something, and here is the foundation to most of my wire work- the loop.
With loops placed at strategic points in your work, you can build strength and stability. These are the connecting points in the sculpture. Without welds, or solder, you still need a way to connect, and these are better in my mind. Master this way, and other ways seem unsophisticated by comparison.
With a couple of loops and a bend of the wire, we can roughly make a circle.
Now I want to close the circle.
I have cut my wire, but still have a long enough piece to go through one of the holes, but still have enough to wrap around the part of wire just outside the loop. This is another key- when you wrap wire, it must be wrapped tightly and consistantly. This will keep your work from looking sloppy and conspicuous. It's best if you use your pliers to grab the loose end

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.623356
Retrieved Text: How long would you like each wire to be?
How Many Feet of Lead Wire (Plain Black Wire) would you like on each strand?
- 9 Volt battery compartment.
- Please Click Here to View the 10CS Users Manual for a complete description of all the 10CS many features.
-Choosing what options you would like for the 10CS is slightly complex and we therefore have included the following walk-through.
Please choose what length you would like on each channel- Standard is 5ft per channel. Additional lengths are available under the lengths option and followed by the additional cost in parentheses. Please Note that the Length option will choose the length for each Channel for example a choice of 20' will give you a total of 200 Feet.
Next choose if you would like to have lead wire (regular electrical wire) attached to each strand and what length of it you would like. Lead is useful if you would like to run the wire a distance away from the actual inverter (Control Box).
Next choose the color of the El Wire on each separate channel. A Color Chart is available at the end of the page.
If you would like an adapter to run the 10CS off of a standard wall socket please choose the adapter option. Otherwise you can use a 9V Battery.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.619684
Retrieved Text: Voltage reading on a disconnected wire ?
> Voltage reading on a disconnected wire ?
12V supply with a 3A diode on the positive line, used for other components and then to an 8V voltage reg for the Mega board.
The 8V voltage reg is currently off ( physical switch ), so can't (?) have any effect on this problem.
Common Gnd to 'com' pin of relay 1 on a driveway gate motor ( about 30 meters away ).
Same relay, pin 'N/O' returns to the board ( but is not currently plugged onto the board - just loose ).
These wires are in a cable containing other wires that do carry 12V to other items.
Application is that when the drive gate is opened, the relay triggers and feeds Gnd back to the board, which will then activate an optocoupler and feed a 'clean' signal to the Mega input pin.
But if I measure between the supply ground, and the disconnected 'N/O' pin wire, I get a reading of 0.07 V.
If I turn off the 12V supply, the reading slowly reduces to - 0.008V.
The 12V+ supply is also connected to a number of other items, one of which is a siren ( not in the same above mentioned cable, and not even anywhere close to it ).
The 12V+ for the siren is fed from the supply.
The Ground for the siren is supplied via a relay ( Supply Gnd to 'com' and N/O to the siren ). Relay is currently off, therefore the siren is not 'on'.
Re: Voltage reading on a disconnected wire ?
leakage

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.57959
Retrieved Text: Here goes... everyone has a first, here is mine. I need a hose clamp for my project, but it's 11:30pm and Bunnings ain't open... also hose clamps cost money, and I don't like spending money. Argh!, and hose clamps leak........BAHHHH!!!
So I needed to make a wire hose clamp tool. I Googled it, and found a bunch of different designs - none that seemed very simple to make. I jerry-rigged something for that one problem and then started coming up with better designs. This is my favourite of my designs.
This very handy tool not only makes hose clamps, it mends broken handles and makes insanely tight lashings. It is not only a tool for the shed, but also for out bush or on the road.
Hammer, butane torch (https://goo.gl/QdQv5h), vice, 2.5mm and 5mm metal drill bits, drill, centre punch, ruler, hacksaw, sidecutter, safety glasses and leather gloves.
~6mm mild steel rod, ~270mm long (a thick tent peg works). This if for the turner, if it is smaller than 6mm you run the risk of it breaking where you drill it (see picture).
Cut your 6mm steel rod to ~270mm long. Mark at 70mm from one end, then 70mm again from that mark.
Chuck on your heat resistant leather gloves. Heat up your first mark with the butane torch till its red hot, then clamp it in the vice and bend to around 80 degrees.
Heat up your second mark and bend it almost all the way around to about 170 degrees as shown in the picture.
Now we need to drill the holes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.57702
Retrieved Text: Some people on the peninsula still have old type drop wire for their phone service (the cable from the pole to the house). This parallel wire will not pass frequencies much higher than audio, which is worthless for data. I used to have poor fax machine performance until my 300-foot long drop wire service was changed to twisted pair to increase frequency response. I now enjoy 10 MGBs, which is all that CenturyLink provides to my location. The wiring in the house also needs to be checked to see if it is the old style red, green, yellow, black type. Many residences and businesses on the peninsula have this type of wiring and it will cause low internet speeds and dropped connections. Installing higher quality wire will give you the speeds you pay for.
To the Editor Student Backs Seaquist Student Says Homework Should be Optional A Republican Ruminates In Support of Jesse Young A New Year’s Wish What Is The KP News’ Mission?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.522943
Retrieved Text: Now that you have your braces, how do you take care of them? It’s important for you to know how to take care of braces throughout your entire orthodontic treatment.
After your braces are put on, you may feel general soreness in your mouth, and your teeth may be tender for three to five days. If the tenderness is severe, take ibuprofen or whatever you normally take for a headache or similar pain. Until your mouth becomes accustomed to the appliances, your lips, cheeks, and tongue may also become irritated for one to two weeks as they toughen and become accustomed to the surface of the braces. You may also experience some canker sores or blisters. Wax can help alleviate the discomfort, as can rinsing your mouth with a warm saltwater mouthwash. Dissolve one teaspoonful of salt in 8 ounces of warm water, and rinse your mouth vigorously.
If your teeth begin feeling a little loose, don’t worry. This is normal! Your braces must first loosen your teeth to move them into the right position. Once your teeth have been repositioned, they will no longer be loose.
Don’t be alarmed if a wire or band comes loose as this happens occasionally. If a wire protrudes and is irritating, carefully use a blunt instrument (back of a spoon or the eraser end of a pencil) to gently push the irritating wire out of the way. If irritation to the lips or mouth continues, place wax or wet cotton on the wire to reduce the annoyance. Call our office as soon

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.516888
Retrieved Text: When I learned how to build ‘one-off’ projects thirty years ago, I used the"wire wrapping"technique. Back then, I had access to an electronics shop with a $100 wire wrapping gun, kynar wire and a supply of wire wrap IC sockets. At home, however, with limited resources and no wire wrap gun, I had to make do, so I developed a technique that uses perfboard, kynar wire and solder that results in a neat, quick to assemble and very dependable electronic board.
Kynar wire: This is an insulated 30-gauge single strand wire. It's a rather thin wire which is useful for low current and low voltage digital circuit connections. I use three colors: Blue for Ground, Red for +, and Orange or Yellow for all the other connections. This wire is also "pre-tinned" so it takes solder very easily.
Wire Cutter, Wire Stripper and Needlenose Pliers: I have a special stripper that is permanently set to strip the Kynar wire. It may take a few tries getting the correct setting, since you don't want the stripper so tight as to nick the wire itself, or so loose that it just slides off of the insulation. A good pair of needlenose pliers are required to hold short lengths of wire when stripping off an end.
8mm Rosin Core Solder and Solder Paste: The paste (you can use a rosin pen as an alternative) is useful if you want to flow solder over and join a socket pin, a wire and copper pad quickly and without too much heat.
Tweezers: I have a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.510424
Retrieved Text: LMFX Review - Forex broker for US clients.
I cannot contact them for that issue but I guess it's their Gateway name (a wire deposit service). I normally use Skrill for deposit, it's convenient but not this broker so far.
I just wanted to update everyone that the people at LMFX have Verified my documents and I will be making my deposit after Thanksgiving. I have talked to several people at LMFX over the last month or so and they all have been super nice. I can not wait to get back on the horse.
I'm not sure if anybody else has tried to withdraw funds via wire from LMFX, but I have been waiting over 2 weeks for a withdrawal. I messaged support, and they just said to keep waiting. It seems a little odd that wire deposits would take a few days to post but withdrawals take weeks. Has anybody else tried to withdraw money from LMFX via wire transfer yet?
On a related note, I am trying to transfer a large chunk of my funds out of LMFX to FinPro Trading due to the low $2 round trip commissions on their ECN account. With the amount of trades that some EA's can generate, this could be hundreds of dollars difference in some months.
I'm hoping my wire transfer eventually goes through from LMFX. If this is standard practice for withdrawals, though, I may have to look elsewhere.
I have noticed that occasionally payments get held up, but they're always very communicative on support and the money does eventually arrive.
Have

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.50683
Retrieved Text: What do I wire the the two black wires to?
Ok the RED is Phase and the Black is Neutral... Green is Earth. you have an IN, Red wire, and an OUT Red wire, the rest just go color to color. So in the socket, one Red wire goes to one Red wire from the dimmer, the other Red wire in the socket, goes to the other Red from the dimmer, then Black to Black, and Green to Green. Be careful do NOT work on it live.
All your wiring looks good. Many times dimmer just have problems and are faulty. You should note that the dimmer can only handle 600 watts. If you have that or more on it, than you have probably fried the dimming mechanism. In either case the dimming mechanism is not working properly and you will have to take it back and get the same dimmer or a different one. Tell the store they sold you a faulty dimmer and you can get a replacement at no cost.
2. Look at the wires coming from your ceiling fan. The black wire from the ceiling fan is the hot wire that runs the motor and turns the fan blades. The white wire is neutral and completes the fan circuit. The blue wire is the hot wire for the ceiling fan light fixture. The ceiling fan motor does not have a ground wire.
3. Find the short green wire or the green ground screw on your ceiling fan hanging bracket. Attach the bare copper wire from your

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.465181
Retrieved Text: Here’s a tutorial I’ve been working on for a while about how to build a wire cage. I’m building a larger cage than the regular size for expecting does and their litters.
This one is 4 ft long and 2 ft deep, custom made to fit the shelves I have. That’s probably the best thing about making your own cages, you can make it any size you want!
1 2 x 15 ft roll of 1 x 1 inch wire mesh, for top and sides.
A piece of the half inch wire (1 x .5 in.) an inch larger on all sides than your door hole.
Never use hardware cloth for the wire mesh! I used hardware cloth for the floor on my first cage, and I ended up having to rip off all the clips and re-cut and clip a new floor out of the 1x.5 in. wire. Hardware cloth is just not sturdy enough, very saggy, and doesn’t have large enough holes to let the droppings through, which means I would always be cleaning it.
Okay, step one is cutting a 7 foot long, 2 ft wide piece of the 1×1 inch wire.
This makes the top and end pieces of the cage.
Now, cut two 4 ft long, 18 in wide panels out of the same 1×1 inch wire.
You cut the width of this panel the same height as the end pieces you just bent.
You bent the end pieces up 18 inches, therefore you cut the width of the side panels 18 inches too.
On one of the panels cut an

================



======= Instance Index 1744 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are water or oxygen. ):

This is also called diffusion, and the process is much faster in gases than in liquids, because the particles in gases are further apart.


Diffusion occurs slower in water or oxygen.?

Target Text: water

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.923044
Retrieved Text: Cells use diffusion to take in things from their environment and rid themselves of waste. Diffusion takes place down a concentration gradient. Water, carbon dioxide and other small ions can diffuse freely through cell membranes. Concentration gradients occur in all organisms. Where they do, simple diffusion will transport things around. Nutrients being carried in blood for example will diffuse into those cells that need them. Diffusion is also vital for getting oxygen into cells and carbon dioxide out of them, for example, in humans. Facilitated diffusion occurs when substances move down the concentration gradient by "carrier proteins" in the cell membrane.Osmosis is also a type of passive transport involving the diffusion of water molecules across a selectively permeable membrane. Water will move by diffusion from an area where there is more of it to an area where there is a less of it. This results in the movement of water from a dilute (less concentrated) solution to a stronger (more concentrated) solution. It is the way water enters and leaves a cell. Osmosis is a special case of the diffusion of water. Osmosis occurs when water diffuses across a semi permeable membrane. Semi-permeable membranes will let small molecules pass through it easily, but will hold back larger molecules like sucrose's. It acts as if it has tiny holes in it, too small for the larger molecules to squeeze through.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.738817
Retrieved Text: Dear reader we have learnt about diffusion through concrete. We are primarily interested on oxygen and carbon dioxide diffusion. We have already learnt diffusion mechanism. Any type of movement of fluids either in gaseous or liquid state, there must have pore system in concrete and depending on their internal connection system, the movement of fluid is varied.
We know intrusion of oxygen accelerates deterioration of metal reinforcement embedded within concrete and our aim is to reduce diffusion as small as possible. A term diffusion coefficient has already been introduced in our last post.
Pore system of concrete is noticed to change with time and which more prominent during hydration of cement paste. As diffusion is a function of interconnected pore system, diffusion co-efficient is also changed with time.
It is also noticed that diffusion through water filled space is significantly slower than that in air-filled space. In case of oxygen diffusion, it is obvious that moist curing significantly affect diffusion of oxygen through concrete. Diffusion coefficient of concrete is observed to reduce to great extent (up to a factor around 6) under prolong moist curing.
Moisture condition in the concrete has also significant influence on diffusion as water in pore also reduce diffusion rate. So a well cured concrete having less pores, pores with discontinuous system or water in pores, as a whole a good quality concrete have less susceptibility to diffusion. In our next post we will learn about effect of humidity on diffusion of fluid through concrete.
How do Fluid Ingress in to Concrete by Diffusion?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.565802
Retrieved Text: We study the convective diffusion of passive admixtures in the course of forced fluid filtration through a porous medium with frozen random inhomogeneities of macroscopic parameters. During the fluid filtration, the parameter inhomogeneities lead to spatially irregular flows and are responsible for dispersion of the fluid particles, which causes convective diffusion that is additional to molecular diffusion. In contrast to the molecular diffusion, this diffusion is anisotropic and directly proportional to the filtration flow velocity. We consider the inhomogeneities of both permeability and porosity of the medium and report on analytical results for the most common options of their statistical properties. It was assumed that the inhomogeneities are relatively small and their autocorrelation function decays with the distance r not slower than 1/rβ, where β > 1. Direct numerical simulation for different cases confirmed the validity of the restrictions we adopted and the correctness of the analytical findings.
Translated from Izvestiya Vysshikh Uchebnykh Zavedenii, Radiofizika, Vol. 61, No. 8–9, pp. 622–632, August–September 2018.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.373215
Retrieved Text: Probe diffusion was determined in phase separated bicontinuous gels prepared by acid-induced gelation of the whey protein isolate-gellan gum system. The topological characterization of the phase-separated gel systems is achieved by confocal microscopy and the diffusion measurements are performed using pulsed field gradient (PFG) NMR and fluorescence recovery after photo-bleaching (FRAP). These two techniques gave complementary information about the mass transport at different time- and length scales, PFG NMR provided global diffusion rates in the gel systems, while FRAP enabled the measurements of diffusion in different phases of the phase-separated gels. The results revealed that the phase-separated gel with the largest characteristic wavelength had the fastest diffusion coefficient, while the gel with smaller microstructures had a slower probe diffusion rate. By using the diffusion data obtained by FRAP and the structural data from confocal microscopy, modelling through the lattice-Boltzmann framework was carried out to simulate the global diffusion and verify the validity of the experimental measurements. With this approach it was found that discrepancies between the two experimental techniques can be rationalized in terms of probe distribution between the different phases of the system. The combination of different techniques allowed the determination of diffusion in a phase-separated biopolymer gel and gave a clearer picture of this complex system. We also illustrate the difficulties that can arise if precautions are not taken to understand the system-probe interactions.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.227825
Retrieved Text: Injecting CO2 into oil reservoirs can improve the oil recovery, meanwhile achieve CO2 storage. The diffusion of CO2 in oil-water systems has a substantial impact on this process. The interface significantly affects the mass transfer of CO2 between oil and water phase. In this paper, based on the determination of the CO2 diffusion coefficient in oil or water phases, the diffusion processes of CO2 from oil to water were experimentally investigated under different pressures. A numerical method was proposed to calculate the pressure drop and the diffusion coefficient in the process of CO2 diffusion from oil to water. The experimental results indicated that the CO2 diffusion coefficient in oil or water increased rapidly with pressure up to the critical pressure of CO2 and gradually slowed down thereafter. The CO2 diffusion from oil to water was much slower than that in oil or water. The diffusion coefficient of CO2 from oil to water was one magnitude lower than that in the single liquid phase of oil or water, and the effect of pressure was not significant. Based on the diffusion coefficient of CO2 in a single liquid phase and the proposed numerical method, the pressure drop and the numerical diffusion coefficient in the process of CO2 diffusion from oil to water were calculated. The relative errors between the experimental and numerical results were within 9%. Therefore, the numerical method proposed herein can be used to predict the diffusion process of CO2 from oil to water and the diffusion coefficient associated with this process.
This study is financially supported

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.140469
Retrieved Text: A sweet fragrance combining flowers and dried fruit coated in honey, with patchouli, vanilla and caramel base.
Create the fragrant atmosphere of a Provençal candy store, with its delicious flowers and dried fruit coated in honey, with vanilla and caramel base.
• 100ml Candied Fruit Home Diffuser Perfume.
Only use half of the bottle if the air in your home is dry because the diffusion will be slower and last longer. Determine the intensity of the fragrance according to your preferences. You should use only a few of the sticks for a light and gradual diffusion. Use all of the sticks for a more intense fragrance. Position your diffuser next to a heat source to increase the diffusion of the fragrance. Turn over the sticks once a week to intensify the fragrance.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.102005
Retrieved Text: "2D modelling of the effect of grain size on hydrogen diffusion in X70 " by N Yazdipour, A J. Haq et al.
Yazdipour, N., Haq, A. J., Muzaka, K. & Pereloma, E. V. (2012). 2D modelling of the effect of grain size on hydrogen diffusion in X70 steel. Computational Materials Science, 56 49-57.
Grain boundaries and triple junctions are the most favoured hydrogen trapping sites in the microstructure as they have the lowest trapping activation energy. To study the effect of these trapping sites, different microstructures with different surface ratio of grain boundaries were generated. In order to do this, hydrogen diffusion in both grains and grain boundaries was modelled using Cellular Automaton technique combined with the finite difference method. The simulation was implemented in two-dimensions (2D) in both grains and grain boundaries to highlight the significance of grain boundaries in hydrogen diffusion. The developed model was validated by comparing the simulation results with the experimental outcomes of hydrogen permeability measurements in X70 pipeline steel having different grain sizes. The results revealed that grain size (grain boundary fraction) has a two-fold influence on the diffusion rate, that is, in both very fine and very coarse microstructures diffusion rates are slower than for an optimum intermediate grain size.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.923676
Retrieved Text: Distinguish, differentiate, compare and explain what is the difference between Imbibition and Diffusion. Comparison and Differences.
1. Imbibition involves the absorption of solvent or water by a solid substance (adsorption occurs). Diffusion is the movement of all types of substances from the area of their higher free energy to the area of their lower free energy.
2. Imbibition produces heat. Diffusion does not produce heat.
3. Imbibition can develop a very high pressure (upto 100 atm) called imbibition pressure. Diffusion cannot develop a high pressure.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.890934
Retrieved Text: Diffusion creep occurs by transport of material via diffusion of atoms within a grain. Like all diffusional processes, it is driven by a gradient of free energy (chemical potential), created in this case by the applied stress. For example, an applied tensile stress creates regions of high hydrostatic tension at the extremities of each grain, along the loading direction. In what might be termed the “equatorial” regions of the grain, the hydrostatic stress is lower. Since atoms have a lower free energy in these “polar” regions of high hydrostatic stress (ie “low pressure” regions), they will tend to diffuse towards such regions and this motion will lead to elongation of the grain along the loading direction. Since this occurs on the scale of the individual grains, diffusion distances are shorter in fine-grained materials, which thus tend to be more susceptible to creep.
There are two types of diffusion creep, depending on whether the diffusion paths are predominantly through the grain boundaries, termed Coble creep (favoured at lower temperatures) or through the grains themselves, termed Nabarro-Herring creep (favoured at higher temperatures).
Dislocation creep is a mechanism involving motion of dislocations. This mechanism of creep tends to dominate at high stresses and relatively low temperatures.
Dislocations can move by gliding in a slip plane, a process requiring little thermal activation.
This is discussed in the Introduction to Dislocations TLP.
However, the rate-determining step for their motion is often a climb process, which requires diffusion and is thus time-dependent and favoured by higher temperatures. Obstacles in the slip plane, such as other dislocations, precipitates

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.613117
Retrieved Text: An Al/Ni composite coating was deposited on the surface of a pure Ti substrate by arc spray technology and plasma spray technology. In order to enable the in-situ reaction between the Al/Ni composite coating and the specimen, they were heated under different conditions. In addition, oxidation testing was conducted to test the oxidation-resistant property of the coating. The phase transition regulation of the coating after heating, the influence of heating at different temperatures and time on the reaction depth, and the correlated theory of the in-situ formation of the NiAl intermetallic compounds were studied and analyzed. The results showed that after the heat treatment, a ragged wave-like morphology was exhibited in the diffusion front of Al, and a small amount of the Ni in the diffusion region did not participate in the reaction. The growth of the NiAl intermetallic layer in the diffusion region of the Al/Ni/Ti specimen was obviously slower compared with the Al/Ni specimen.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.394665
Retrieved Text: We present a first-principles theoretical study of vibrational spectral diffusion and hydrogen bond dynamics in heavy water without using any empirical model potentials. The calculations are based on ab initio molecular dynamics simulations for trajectory generation and a time series analysis using the wavelet method for frequency calculations. It is found that, in deuterated water, although a one-to-one relation does not exist between the instantaneous frequency of an OD bond and the distance of its associated hydrogen bond, such a relation does hold on average. The dynamics of spectral diffusion is investigated by means of frequency-time correlation and spectral hole dynamics calculations. Both of these functions are found to have a short-time decay with a time scale of ~100 fs corresponding to dynamics of intact hydrogen bonds and a slower long-time decay with a time constant of ~2 ps corresponding to lifetimes of hydrogen bonds. The connection of the slower time scale to the dynamics of local structural relaxation is also discussed. The dynamics of hydrogen bond making is shown to have a rather fast time scale of ~100 fs; hence, it can also contribute to the short-time dynamics of spectral diffusion. A damped oscillation is also found at around 150-200 fs, which is shown to have come from underdamped intermolecular vibrations of a hydrogen-bonded water pair. Such assignments are confirmed by independent calculations of power spectra of intermolecular motion and hydrogen bond kinetics using the population correlation function formalism. The details of the time constants of frequency correlations and spectral shifts are found to depend

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.33457
Retrieved Text: Next in thread: fudley: "RE: One or more FAIs??"
synch will also be more complicated.
> would just slow everything down uniformly.
> much much slower (chemical signals moving by diffusion).
> distance before things got serious.
If there's no God, who makes the next Kleenex pop up?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.251162
Retrieved Text: We employ video microscopy to study Brownian dynamics of colloidal particles suspended in the nematic phase of the lyotropic chromonic liquid crystal , Disodium Chromoglycate, (DSCG). DSCG is water soluble, and its nematic phase is characterized by an unusually small twist elastic constant, which leads to formation of chiral director configurations. The mean-square displacement for polystyrene microspheres moving parallel to the far-field director is sub-diffusive for lag times up to several seconds and then diffusive at longer times. Dynamics perpendicular, by contrast, is slower and never quite becomes diffusive, even after hundreds of seconds of lag time. We also compared the diffusion of spheres inducing energetically distinct director field configurations and found them to be different depending on chirality. We compare our observations to previous diffusion experiments in nematic LCs [1-4], and seek to understand our results using conventional diffusion theory.
 G. J. Krüger, Physics Reports 82, 229 (1982).
 T. Turiv, et al., Science 342, 1351 (2013).
*We acknowledge financial support from NSF DMR16-07378, PENN MRSEC Grant DMR-1720530, and NASA Grant NNX08AO0G.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.230215
Retrieved Text: Plenty of scientists call passive transport the lazy process since it does not utilize energy in the slightest. This color change will enable the students to discover the movement of the water, which has iodine, in the cell. There is a comparatively long time between the period of infection and the beginning of symptoms.
The particles that ought to go into or come from the cell cannot do so by themselves. Each procedure of passage through the cell membrane may be helpful to various molecules. Additional simple diffusion occurs across the phospholipid bilayer while the essay writers online facilitated diffusion occurs only through the membrane proteins.
As an example, glucose is a comparatively large molecule that can’t diffuse directly through the lipid bilayer. Note that there’s no coating on the membrane. The cell membrane isn’t a good structure.
Cell membranes are only freely permeable to quite a limited category essay online of molecules. Furthermore, they use exocytosis to release nectar to attract pollinators.
Most ligands cannot be visualized by themselves, such as, for instance, a virus particle. Osmosis Osmosis is really a diffusion that occurs across a semi permeable membrane. Facilitated diffusion involves proteins called carriers, which, as in the example of ion channels, are specific for a particular type of solute and can transport substances in either direction on the other side of the membrane.
The principal quality of the mechanism in insects is they have an extensive tracheole system which provides a massive surface area. The continuous supply would help in keeping a concentration gradient that’s necessary for diffusion

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.21855
Retrieved Text: The distribution and exchange dynamics of phenol molecules in colloidal dispersions of submicron hollow polymeric capsules is investigated by pulsed field gradient NMR (PFG-NMR). The capsules are prepared by layer-by-layer assembly of polyelectrolyte multilayers on silica particles, followed by dissolution of the silica core. In capsule dispersion, 1H PFG echo decays of phenol are single exponentials, implying fast exchange of phenol between a free site and a capsule-bound site. However, apparent diffusion coefficients extracted from the echo decays depend on the diffusion time, which is typically not the case for the fast exchange limit. We attribute this to a particular regime, where apparent diffusion coefficients are observed, which arise from the signal of free phenol only but are influenced by exchange with molecules bound to the capsule, which exhibit a very fast spin relaxation. Indeed, relaxation rates of phenol are strongly enhanced in the presence of capsules, indicating binding to the capsule wall rather than encapsulation in the interior. We present a quantitative analysis in terms of a combined diffusion-relaxation model, where exchange times can be determined from diffusion and spin relaxation experiments even in this particular regime, where the bound site acts as a relaxation sink. The result of the analysis yields exchange times between free phenol and phenol bound to the capsule wall, which are on the order of 30 ms and thus slower than the diffusion controlled limit. From bound and free fractions an adsorption isotherm of phenol to the capsule wall is extracted. The binding mechanism and the exchange mechanism are discussed.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.20529
Retrieved Text: Certain cells within an organism are specialised. This means that they have developed to carry out a specific function. See the table below for some examples.
Dissolved substances are able to enter and leave a cell through its cell membrane. One way in which they can achieve this is through a process known as diffusion.
Diffusion can occur in either a liquid or gas. It involves the particles of a substance moving from an area in which there’s a high concentration of it to an area in which there’s a lower concentration. The bigger the difference in concentration, the faster the rate at which diffusion occurs.
lungs: oxygen from the alveoli in the lungs is able to move across into the red blood cells so that carbon dioxide can then diffuse into the alveoli and then be expelled out of the body via the lungs.
photosynthesis: similarly, green plants take in carbon dioxide from the air via chloroplasts by diffusion and release oxygen back into the atmosphere also by diffusion.
respiration: this process also involves diffusion. In animals, for example, oxygen diffuse from the red blood cells into the tissue cells and then carbon dioxide diffuses in the other direction.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.055138
Retrieved Text: A theoretical model for the diffusion of large molecules adsorbed on surfaces is developed. Starting from the classical equations of motion, a generalized non-Markovian Langevin equation for the center of mass diffusive motion of an adsorbed molecule is derived. In this model, the influence of the background on the molecule is separated into an adiabatic force, and a rapidly fluctuating stochastic force with a corresponding frictional damping term. The model accounts for energy exchange between the center of mass motion and vibrational degrees of freedom of the molecule, and expressions for the friction coefficient in terms of vibrational properties of the molecule and substrate are derived. This stochastic model is first applied to a harmonically bound dimer diffusing in one dimension. This simple model system allows for a systematic test of how the diffusive motion of a molecule is affected by its vibrational degrees of freedom, and specifically how important memory effects are in determining the diffusion coefficient. It is found that coupling to molecular vibrations leads to increased frictional damping and slower diffusion, and that memory effects are typically not important for small molecules, but could be significant in large molecules. The model is then used to study the diffusion of dithioanthracene on a Cu(111) surface. Density functional theory is employed to calculate the adiabatic force and vibrational properties, allowing for a first principles determination of all required quantities in the stochastic model. The diffusion coefficient is calculated and compared to scanning tunnelling microscopy measurements. Reasonable agreement with experiment is obtained, and it is seen

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.995298
Retrieved Text: Exell 14500C8 3.7V 800mAh LiMN Battery is an ideal replacement battery for many of todays in demand applications such as E-Cigarettes also known as MODS, Vaporizers or Vape products as well as high intensity LED flashlights and Solar Lamps used in gardens and walk ways and building custom battery packs for RC Cars, Remotes and more.This LiMN battery has three-dimensional tunnels that enable rapid diffusion of Li+ through LiMn2O4 particles, and therefore lithium-ion cells made with this material can have better theoretical drain rate capability. Conventional lithium-ion cells use LiCoO2 or variations of that material. Cells with LiCoO2 cathodes are typically designated with the term "ICR". The LiCoO2 type materials have a layered crystal structure that only enables 2D diffusion within the layers, so the overall Li+ diffusion rate is slower.
Need more Exell Battery EBLI-14500C8-WT? We offer great discounts on quantity orders and FREE SHIPPING offers are available.
No specification or documents available currently available for EBLI-14500C8-WT. If you require a spec sheet, a msds sheet or any additional documents, please contact us and to request them. We will work to accommodate you.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.978592
Retrieved Text: Older adults tend to have slower response times (RTs) than younger adults on cognitive tasks. This makes the examination of domain-specific deficits in aging difficult, as differences between conditions in raw RTs (RT costs) typically increase with slower average RTs. Here, we examine the mapping between two established approaches to dealing with this confound in the literature. The first is to use transformed RT costs, with the z-score and proportional transforms both being commonly used. The second is to use mathematical models of choice RT behavior, such as the drift-diffusion model (Ratcliff, 1978). We simulated data for younger and older adults from the drift-diffusion model under four scenarios: A) a domain specific deficit, B) general slowing, C) strategic slowing, and D) a slowing of non-decision processes. In each scenario we varied the size of the difference between younger and older adults in the model parameters, and examined corresponding effect sizes and type 1 error rates in the raw and transformed RT costs. The z-score transformation provided better control of type 1 error rates than the raw or proportional costs, though did not fully control for differences in the general slowing and strategic slowing scenarios. We recommend that RT analyses are ideally supplemented by analyses of error rates where possible, as these may help to identify the presence of confounds. To facilitate this, it would be beneficial to include conditions that elicit below ceiling accuracy in tasks.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.955795
Retrieved Text: Molecular crowding inside cells is a critical factor that is sometimes overlooked in the lab. Biochemical reactions are drastically different in tighter spaces, resulting in significant physical and chemical consequences.
The reductive approach to chemical reactions is attractive to scientists, as it’s convenient when interpreting results and easier to work with. However, if a more simplistic experimental framework is adopted, these tests may overlook the critical aspect of intracellular crowding.
If there is less space available for each molecule, the resulting effective concentration is boosted, increasing the chemical potential. When more molecules are crammed together, there is also the possibility that reactants will link up, causing the chemical potential to respond drastically.
There is also a slowdown of molecular diffusion, particularly for larger molecules. Lower rates of diffusion imply that diffusion-limited reactions happen slower, especially those involving larger constituents. These two consequences, higher chemical potentials and lower diffusion rates, counteract each other when it comes to intermolecular reactions, making the resulting reaction rate difficult to predict. However, there usually is an optimal spot with enough coziness to encourage reactivity, but not too much to gum up the works.
The effects on thermodynamics and kinetics are so far ranging that estimates of reaction rates and equilibria made in uncrowded solutions differ by orders of magnitude from those of the same reactions operating under crowded conditions.
Be the first to comment on "Biochemical Reactions Act Differently When Subjected to Intracellular Crowding"

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.952251
Retrieved Text: abstract : Stress Corrosion Cracking (SCC) of nickel base alloys is one of the major degradation phenomena in the primary circuit of Pressurized Water Reactors (PWR). Understanding the SCC mechanism is a key issue for the extension of reactor lifetime. A SCC model based on a selective and asymmetrical oxidation of the grain boundary ahead of the crack tip has been proposed in previous studies. Adjacent to this oxide, a chromium-depleted area is observed exclusively in one of the two grains adjacent to the grain boundary. As oxygen transport is found to be faster than chromium diffusion in the alloy, the latter is assumed to be the rate-limiting step of crack propagation. Nevertheless, the mechanism responsible for chromium depletion is still under debate. Indeed, the lattice and the grain boundary diffusion coefficients of chromium in nickel-based alloys at 350°C are not high enough to explain the chromium depletion magnitudes measured in the literature. Accordingly, factors accelerating chromium diffusion in the alloy ahead of the SCC crack tip should exist. Thus, two assumptions have been proposed in this work: plasticity-enhanced chromium diffusion and diffusion-induced grain boundary migration (DIGM). The aim of this study is to confront these two assumptions by combining both experiments and modeling in order to explain chromium depleted areas observed at the SCC crack tip. Thus, diffusion tests under loading were performed in order to study the effect of plastic deformation on chromium diffusion. Plasticity-enhanced diffusion is evidenced. A relationship between the diffusion coefficient and strain rate has been established leading to a 106-fold

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.909742
Retrieved Text: Differential advection, where a reactant is advected while another one is immobilized, leads to instabilities in reaction-advection-diffusion systems. In particular, a homogeneous steady state looses stability for strong enough flows, leading to chemical patterns moving in the direction of the flow. In this paper we study the effects of differential advection due to a two-dimensional Poiseuille flow. We carry out a linear stability analysis on a homogeneous state using an activator-inhibitor reaction. We find that shear dispersion induced by the Poiseuille flow may lead to instabilities at slower flow rates. We find that contrary to the one-dimensional system, the instability depends on which substance is advected. We find a critical average flow speed for instability depending on tube size. Numerical solutions of the nonlinear reaction-advection-diffusion result in patterns of constant shape propagating along the tube.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.707867
Retrieved Text: We investigate the dynamics of water absorbed in amorphous and semicrystalline aromatic polyamide copolymers. The combination of dielectric spectroscopy and quasi-elastic neutron scattering experiments allows us to characterize the water dynamics over a wide range of temperatures (dielectric spectroscopy) and at microscopic length scales (neutron scattering). The dielectric investigation evidences two relaxations associated with water motions: a fast process corresponding to motions of loosely bonded water molecules and a slower process corresponding to motions of amide-water complexes. While the slower process presents the characteristic Arrhenius temperature dependence of a secondary local relaxation over the whole temperature range, the fast process shows a crossover from Arrhenius to Vogel-Fulcher-Tamman (VFT) behavior at T approximate to 225 K, characteristic of confined water dynamics. The microscopic investigation by neutron scattering shows than in the VFT regime of the fast process the dynamics present a diffusive nature similar to bulk water. A large distribution of diffusion coefficients indicates possible differences in the connectivity of the hydrogen bond network. Diffusive heterogeneous dynamics can arise from a nonuniform distribution of water. The confinement effect of the polymer matrix is detected as a considerable reduction of the diffusion coefficient of water with respect to bulk. The presence of a crystalline phase results in a slowing down of both the fast and slow processes involving water motions. This could give a hint to the presence of a rigid amorphous phase in the semicrystalline material.
Laurati, M., et al. "Dynamics of Water Absorbed in Polyamides." Macromolecules 45.3 (2012): 1676-1687.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.542643
Retrieved Text: "Pt diffusion dynamics for the formation Cr–Pt core–shell nanoparticles" by G. Gupta, P. Iqbal et al.
© 2015 American Chemical Society. Layered core-shell bimetallic Cr-Pt nanoparticles were prepared by the formation and later reduction of an intermediate Pt-ion-containing supramolecular complex onto preformed Cr nanoparticles. The resultant nanoparticles were characterized by X-ray diffraction analysis, transmission electron microscopy, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, and aberration-corrected scanning transmission electron microscopy. The results are consistent with the presence of Pt diffusion during or after bimetallic nanoparticle formation, which has resulted in a Pt/Cr-alloyed core and shell. We postulate that such Pt diffusion occurs by an electric-field-assisted process according to Cabrera-Mott theory and that it originates from the low work function of the preformed oxygen-defective Cr nanoparticles and the rather large electron affinity of Pt.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.494251
Retrieved Text: In this work, we present a novel method forin situ investigation of surface charging and ion transport inside nanopores of titania-silica waveguide by means of the optical-waveguide-lightmode spectroscopy. Porous oxide waveguides show a strong optical response when exposed to electrolyte solutions, and this response is consistent with oxide surface charging due to changes in ionic strength and pH of the solution in contact with the waveguide. The optical response to pH or electrolyte concentration change is stabilized within several minutes when the solution ionic strength is sufficiently high (0.1M),while it takes two orders of magnitude longer-to-reach stable optical response at very low ionic strengths (<0.1mM). The relaxation times at the high ionic strength are still by several orders of magnitude slower than expected from bulk diffusion coefficients of electrolytes in water. Our results indicate that diffusion of electrolytes is severely hindered (and more so with decreasing ionic strength) in charged pores inside waveguides.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.488081
Retrieved Text: EXELL BATTERY EBLI-26650HP34 is an ideal replacement battery for many of todays in demand applications such as E-Cigarettes also known as MODS, Vaporizers or Vape products as well as high intensity LED flashlights and Solar Lamps used in gardens and walk ways.This LiMN battery has three-dimensional tunnels that enable rapid diffusion of Li+ through LiMn2O4 particles, and therefore lithium-ion cells made with this material can have better theoretical drain rate capability. Conventional lithium-ion cells use LiCoO2 or variations of that material. Cells with LiCoO2 cathodes are typically designated with the term "ICR". The LiCoO2 type materials have a layered crystal structure that only enables 2D diffusion within the layers, so the overall Li+ diffusion rate is slower. Li-MN batteries have a lower crystalline density and therefore a lower inherent capacity (mAh/ml) than LiCoO2. If you do a direct replacement of LiCoO2 with LiMn2O4, the capacity of the cell will be reduced by ~15%. But here is the interesting thing: simply doing a direct replacement with LiMn2O4 will not significantly increase the rate capability of a cell. In order to get a real increase in rate capability, you need to design a cell with higher electrode surface area and thinner electrodes because Li+ diffusion in the cathode particles is not the only bottleneck to getting current out of the cell. Using thinner electrodes further reduces the capacity of the cell because you will have a higher fraction of "inert" materials like the separator and current collector. This is why IMR cells typically have ~40% lower capacity than

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.476044
Retrieved Text: From the diffusion tensor imaging, diffusion anisotropy measures such as the fractional anisotropy (FA), can be computed. Moreover, the principal direction of the diffusion tensor can be used to infer the white matter connectivity of the brain (i.e. tractography; trying to see which part of the brain is connected to which other part).
Fractional anisotropy (FA) is a scalar value between zero and one that describes the degree of anisotropy of a diffusion process. A value of zero means that diffusion is isotropic, i.e. it is unrestricted (or equally restricted) in all directions. A value of one means that diffusion occurs only along one axis and is fully restricted along all other directions. FA is a measure often used in diffusion imaging where it is thought to reflect fiber density, axonal diameter, and myelination in white matter. The FA is an extension of the concept of eccentricity of conic sections in 3 dimensions, normalized to the unit range.
FA values of the gray matter, especially in the caudate nucleus and putamen, may be important markers of tissue compression. The assessment of FA values of the gray matter will result in a new, less-invasive diagnostic technique to evaluate the degree of brain compression 1).
The abnormality of the FA and ADC parameters in the obstructive hydrocephalus represents a significant implication for the diagnostics and management of hydrocephalus in patients 2).
Osuka S, Matsushita A, Ishikawa E, Saotome K, Yamamoto T, Marushima A, Satou N, Zaboronok A, Masumoto T, Matsumura A. Elevated diffusion anisotropy in gray matter and the degree of brain

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.433418
Retrieved Text: About: ChemCpp is a C++ toolbox for chemoinformatics focusing on the computation of kernel functions between chemical compounds.
About: OpenKernel is a library for creating, combining, learning and using kernels for machine learning applications.
About: HDDM is a python toolbox for hierarchical Bayesian parameter estimation of the Drift Diffusion Model (via PyMC). Drift Diffusion Models are used widely in psychology and cognitive neuroscience to study decision making.
Priors: by default model will use informative priors (see http://ski.clps.brown.edu/hddm_docs/methods.html#hierarchical-drift-diffusion-models-used-in-hddm) If you want uninformative priors, set informative=False.
Sampling: This model uses slice sampling which leads to faster convergence while being slower to generate an individual sample. In our experiments, burnin of 20 is often good enough.
Inter-trial variablity parameters are only estimated at the group level, not for individual subjects.
The old model has been renamed to HDDMTransformed.
HDDMRegression and HDDMStimCoding are also using this model.
Many bugfixes and better test coverage.
hddm_fit.py command line utility is depracated.
About: The JINSECT toolkit is a Java-based toolkit and library that supports and demonstrates the use of n-gram graphs within Natural Language Processing applications, ranging from summarization and summary evaluation to text classi?cation and indexing.
Added java doc to downloadable files.
Created SourceForge wiki page at http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/jinsect/index.php?title=Main_Page.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.165245
Retrieved Text: Balasubramanian, Sathya and Balasubramanian, N and Kumar, Vikram (1995) Reactivation kinetics of acceptors in hydrogenated InP during unbiased annealing. In: Physical Review B: Condensed Matter, 51 (3). pp. 1536-1540.
The reactivation kinetics of passivated Mg acceptors in hydrogenated InP during unbiased annealing of a Schottky diode is reported. The reactivation is found to slow down gradually with annealing time and this phenomenon is attributed to substantial retrapping of H at the acceptor sites. It is found from the concentration profiles and the kinetics data that the reactivation is most likely limited by H2 molecule formation processes for longer annealing times; for shorter annealing times, contributions from in-diffusion of H also become significant. The diffusion of H during the initial period follows an Arrhenius relation with an activation energy for the effective diffusion coefficient of 1.13±0.10 eV. In the H2 formation regime, the reactivation is thermally activated with an activation energy for the annealing parameter of 1.71±0.10 eV. The H2 formation-limited regime of reactivation occurs sooner as the annealing temperature is increased.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.074078
Retrieved Text: What causes people to intervene and help others? Psychologists have found that people are sometimes less likely to help out when there are others present, a phenomenon known as the bystander effect. One reason the bystander effect occurs is due to diffusion of responsibility: when others are around who could also help, people may feel less responsible for helping.
Diffusion of responsibility occurs when people feel less responsibility for taking action in a given situation, because there are other people who could also be responsible for taking action.
In a famous study on diffusion of responsibility, people were less likely to help someone having a seizure when they believed there were others present who also could have helped.
Diffusion of responsibility is especially likely to happen in relatively ambiguous situations.
In 1968, researchers John Darley and Bibb Latané published a famous study on diffusion of responsibility in emergency situations. In part, their study was conducted to better understand the 1964 murder of Kitty Genovese, which had captured the public’s attention. When Kitty was attacked while walking home from work, The New York Times reported that dozens of people witnessed the attack, but didn’t take action to help Kitty.
While people were shocked that so many people could have witnessed the event without doing something, Darley and Latané suspected that people might actually be less likely to take action when there are others present. According to the researchers, people may feel less of a sense of individual responsibility when other people who could also help are present. They may also assume that

================



======= Instance Index 2506 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are short distances or long distances ):

However, the energy is diluted as an electromagnetic wave travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area.


Something with a lot less energy travels short distances or long distances?

Target Text: short distances

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.949286
Retrieved Text: Almost no one can do without without a break from their normal routine every now and then. But since there are so many holiday providers both online and in physical travel agencies, it might be hard to choose which company you should go for. And as a young men or women, you might not want to travel with people that are way older and therefore have other interests ,wants and needs. Onf of the companies that specialised in youth holidays is Contiki Tours. But what kind of trips, holidays and tours do they offer? Will they really provide what you expect? Do they really know what you as a young person want? How are their organisation skills? And if something happens to go wrong, will customer services help you out? Read all of that and more in customer reviews. The opinions, comments, remarks and experiences that are describes by real customers of Contiki Tours can prepare you for what you are in for when you travel with Contiki Tours.
Contiki Tours is a travel organisation that focusses on youth holidays. The company was founded in Europe in 1962. Their first expeditions went to Afrika, The Middle East and India. Later trips to New Zealand, America, Australia, Asia, Latin America, Costa Rica, Equador, Galapagos Islands and Japan were added. They offer discover tours that provide explorers with the chance to see as much as possible. Their high energy travels are for youngsters that want to visit a lot of destinations during the day and go out dancing during

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.06107
Retrieved Text: What knowledge do you have about travel? Have you made a travel plan that is personally catered for personal travels?Do you have yourself prepared for emergencies or an unexpected event? If you are having major vacation anxiety, read on for some tips on improving your travel plans.
Try to work in some physical activity before you board the plane. This can reduce the tediousness of a long flight. Sitting the same position for long time can cause your legs or back to cramp.
Always keep your most important belongings on hand when traveling.Do not use bags with easy access to people near you that could easily take your stuff. These are but a few tips to consider when shopping for a safe bag you wish to take on your travels.
Let a family access your travel itinerary. This will allow someone knows where you should be. Stay in touch with that contact to be safe. They will not be as concerned if they hear from you regularly.
A luggage tag on the outside of your luggage can easily be ripped off in transit.
The markup on these small products is disproportionate compared to the amount of space that you save. Try simple folding them to save room and allow you to take less baggage along with you. These techniques will allow you create additional space in a smaller space.
Avoid rush hour traffic when setting out on your trip. If it’s not possible to avoid rush hour, consider stopping during this time to refuel or grab something to eat. This is the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.446375
Retrieved Text: Frits Popma spent 30 years flying all over the world. Fifty-four Customs authorities have stamped his passport. During his travels, he visited nearly 180 different ripening plants. “I have a lot of respect for ripeners,” he says. “Because according to other people, they never do it right.” During his travels, he sometimes ended up in weird situations. He talks about his experiences, but also looks ahead to the future.
Plenty is still to be done closer to home in Europe as well. “Everyone has their own methods, but if you’re doing it right, you’ll make weekly schedules. I sometimes visit ripening plants where they have to look into each ripening cell to see if bananas of a certain colour are available.” He sees room for improvement in that regard. Besides, when the market is doing well, all bananas are yellow, but when the market is disappointing, those same bananas are suddenly too yellow. “It’s difficult to make everyone speak the same language within the sector,” Frits says.
To avoid the rising price of cardboard, the sector could decide to choose crates, something Frits researched with Willem Kokkeel some years ago. The benefit of crates is that they should save energy. Because air circulation is better, up to 30 per cent less energy is used during ripening. “That’s massive, but it’s not really getting through to people yet, because there are a few bottlenecks,” Frits says. Perhaps the smallest challenge: the crates are used as side tables in countries such as India, China and Indonesia, instead of being used

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.425478
Retrieved Text: The Sun's heat influences the environments of all the planets, dwarf planets, moons, asteroids, and comets in our solar system. How does a big ball of hydrogen create all that heat? Learn all about it in this video!
Every 1.5 millionths of a second, the Sun releases more energy than all humans consume in an entire year. Without the Sun there would be no light, no warmth, and no life.
Its heat influences the environments of all the planets, dwarf planets, moons, asteroids, and comets in our solar system.
How does a big ball of hydrogen create all that heat? The short answer is that it is big. If it were smaller, it would be just be a sphere of hydrogen, like Jupiter.
But the Sun is much bigger than Jupiter. It would take almost 1,000 Jupiters to fill it up!
That’s a lot of hydrogen. That means it’s held together by a whole lot of gravity. And THAT means there is a whole lot of pressure inside of it.
In fact, the pressure is so intense, and the density so great, that the hydrogen atoms collide with enough force that they literally meld into a new element—helium.
This process—called nuclear fusion—releases energy while creating a chain reaction that allows it to occur over and over and over again.
That energy builds up. It gets as hot as 27 million degrees Fahrenheit in the sun’s core. The energy travels outward through a large area called the convective zone. Then it travels onward to the photosphere, where it emits heat, charged particles, and light.
That heat

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.343521
Retrieved Text: How do sound waves move?
(Mastery) What types of sound waves do I use?
What types of sound waves are there?
(Understanding) How do sound waves work in music?
Create a diagram that shows sound waves and label their parts.
Show how different sounds are used by humans.
Create a diagram that compares or contrasts different types of musical instruments.
Show how different combinations of sound waves can travel through different media.
Sound is a disturbance that travels through a medium as a longitudinal wave. Sound begins with a vibration.
Sound waves can travel in solids, liquids and gasses.
Sound waves spread out and can diffract or bend around objects.
The loudness of a sound depends on the amplitude or energy of its wave.
Intensity is the measure of the energy of a sound wave over an area.
The unit of loudness is the decibel dB.
Distance can make sounds less loud.
As sound waves spread out, they have less energy per unit of area, so they sound softer.
The pitch of a sound depends on its frequency.
The unit of frequency is the Hertz or Hz.
Humans can ususally hear from 20Hz to 20,000 Hz.
The speed of sound is different in different materials.
Sound generally goes slower in gasses and faster in solids.
Speed can change with elasticity, density, and temperature.
A sonic boom is when something goes faster than mach 1, the speed of sound.
Doppler effect moving sound sources can make frequencies appear higher or lower by compressing or spreading out waves.
Robert Moog manufactured early synthesizers by creating sound modules that could generate or change sound waves.
Synthesizers are musical instruments that simulate or create the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.334171
Retrieved Text: Global travel is somewhat of a religion. But within this religion, there are many other ‘faiths’. One of these is the carry-on philosophy.
And as the name suggests, it’s a philosophy to travel the globe with nothing but carry-on luggage.
But why would anyone relinquish their airline-given rights to cart 20, 30, or even 40 kilograms of luggage through airport terminals and around the globe?
Some airlines have smaller/lighter restrictions, but if you don’t have checked baggage, they’re usually a little flexible. We traveled through Africa and the Middle East with carry-on bags of 10kg+ and didn’t have any issues when we said we had nothing to check in.
Okay, so why carry-on only?
You don’t have to wait for baggage handlers after a flight, which seems like a non-issue at home, but it’s akin to winning the lottery after a 14-hour flight. You simply grab your bag from the overhead locker, exit the plane, and walk straight out of the airport (also see ‘agility’ below).
You may think, ‘oh, airlines don’t lose luggage these days’. But they do, and it’s actually quite common on smaller airlines. We’ve heard estimates of a 1 in 7 chance of losing your luggage on certain smaller airlines. Of course, it’s close to impossible for them to lose your carry-on bag, which is especially important if you have irreplaceable items (E.g. mountaineering boots that you’ve spent 6 months wearing it).
How many times have you thought, ‘darn, I left it in my checked-in bag’. When you carry everything into the cabin, you have immediate access to everything.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.22495
Retrieved Text: On-demand, or tankless water heaters, heat water directly without the use of a storage tank.
Tankless water heaters avoid the standby heat losses associated with storage water heaters, which saves energy and money.
When a hot water tap is turned on, cold water travels through a pipe into the unit and a gas burner or an electric element heats the water. As a result, tankless water heaters deliver a constant supply of hot water. You don't need to wait for a storage tank to fill up with enough hot water. However, a tankless water heater's output limits flow rate.
For homes that use 41 gallons or less of hot water daily, on-demand water heaters can be 24%–34% more energy efficient than conventional storage tank water heaters. They can be 8%–14% more energy efficient for homes that use a lot of hot water—around 86 gallons per day. You can achieve even greater energy savings of 27%–50% if you install an on-demand water heater at each hot water outlet.
Tankless water heaters cost more than conventional storage water heaters. However, you may find that a tankless water heater may have lower operating and energy costs, which could offset its higher purchase price.
Proper installation and maintenance of your on-demand water heater can optimize its energy efficiency. Proper installation depends on many factors including fuel type, climate, local building code requirements, and safety issues, especially concerning the combustion of gas-fired water heaters. Therefore, it's best to have a qualified contractor like GreenHomes America install your on-demand water heater.
To review these water heating options, click

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.11812
Retrieved Text: A silicon solar cell harvests the energy of the sun as light travels down through light-absorbent silicon. To reduce weight and cost, solar cells are thin, and while silicon absorbs visible light well, it captures less than half of the light in the near-infrared spectrum, which makes up one-third of the sun’s energy. Read more.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.09528
Retrieved Text: Potential- stored energy: not moving. Potential energy is in many objects see or pass by. Examples of potential energy used in your daily lives is; a unopened carbonated drink, a car parked at the top of the hill, a book on a table, a raised weight, and many more! Some characteristics of potential energy are stored, having the potential to do something, and many different types of potential energy.
Gravitational- energy due to the downward pull of earth’s gravity. This type of energy is proven by the height or position. Like for example a ball on top of a 2 story house had more gravitational energy than a cat exploring a basement. Some characteristics would be gravitational pull, gravity, and height/ position. We use this in many sports we play like basketball and baseball. When you shoot or hit the ball it’s pulled down by gravitational energy.
Elastic- energy stored when an object is squeezed or stretched. We use elastic energy in many things in our daily lives. Girls use it putting up their hair with a hairbow. Guys use it putting on sweatpants, with the elastic on the top is is stretched when the person goes to step into it. Characteristics would be like many things that have elastic contain it.
Chemical- the potential energy stored in chemical compounds. We use chemical by baking and using chemicals when we are making something. For instance when your parents are in the kitchen cooking they use many types of substances to form a chemical substance. Therefore you use chemical energy

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.087519
Retrieved Text: A small presentation about how a Gmail message travels when you click Send button. It is part of Google’s advertisement campaign on its green initiative.
Google has recently released a simple audio/video presentation to let Gmail users know how an email travels to its destination once you’ve clicked the Send button. Intuitively, the presentation has been named as the “Story of Send”.
Many people wonder how exactly email works –many wonders about how it travels –many others wonder a lot about Google’s infrastructure that handles enormous amount of data. This presentation provides you with the answer in a very simplistic layman’s way. The presentation is worth watching as visualized journey of email helps you grasp the concept better.
Story of Send shows you how your Gmail message travels.
To get a quick glimpse of the presentation you may want to watch the following YouTube video first.
Google and other big internet corporations have been criticized for the amount of energy they guzzle in maintaining their data warehouses. Admirably, these companies have taken steps to minimize impact on Earth’s environment. Google is leading the pack by making its data centers environment-friendly.
Frantic activities keep taking place around the Internet every second. Email traffic is constitute significant portion of these activities. Therefore maintaining email data center and other related infrastructure requires large amount of energy. Through Story of Send advert, Google is trying to publicize its effort on minimizing its carbon footprint.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.976501
Retrieved Text: Here is a thought on our universe. Our universe is set in a dimension we call space-time and define as having four dimensions. General relativity shows that the �shape� of space-time is elastic from one frame to another, depending on relative velocity. You can think of one dimension stretching as the other contracts � more space, less time; more time less space. Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, and as you approach that speed �time dilation� occurs, meaning time slows down, with the effect that the speed of light remains constant with respect to you.
In a universe with only energy and not mass, everything travels at the speed of light. As there is nothing to compare in this universe, let�s set the speed of light at zero. If energy in this universe converts to mass, then mass travels slower than the speed of light. Consider these sub-luminal velocities to be less than zero. If mass travels at increasingly slower sub-luminal velocities, then seen from the perspective of mass, the universe will seem to be expanding, as everything �accelerates� away from it. Also, as time speeds up corresponding to the slowdown, time will seem to have a direction � the arrow of time. Well, that�s what it looks like from our perspective, so maybe that is the universe that we are in. And perhaps we are this side of the speed of light barrier, and �something else� goes the other way, that we cannot perceive - dark energy? I shall leave this for someone else

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.924782
Retrieved Text: If you like to get creative in the kitchen, you probably don’t give much thought to how much power you’re using – not when there are more important things to measure. Well, just take a minute now to think about all the things going on in the kitchen when you’re cooking – the oven is heating, the stove top is probably bubbling away with one or two pots and you may even have the microwave, the kettle or the grill going as well.
When you add up all of that power used, every night of the week just to feed your family you’ll probably start wondering if there’s a better way. You don’t have to resort to takeaway food to tone down the power consumption in your kitchen, all you have to do is cook smarter and below are 24 ways you can save energy when you cook, and most of them won’t even cost you a grain of salt.
The same way you wouldn’t run your dishwasher or washing machine half full because it’s a waste of energy, so too should your oven be full when you use it. With more homes opting for a gourmet style kitchen you may even have a large freestanding stove which you use to cook just one tray of muffins or roast one chicken breast. Instead, think about what else you can fill your oven with – you may take something from the stove and cook it in the microwave instead, or maybe you can double or triple your recipe and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.8766
Retrieved Text: The index of refraction for ice is 1.31.
The index of refraction of a material is the ratio of the velocity of light in a vacuum to that in the material.
where 'n' is the index of refraction value of a material, 'c' is the speed of light in a vacuum, and 'v' is the speed of light in a material.
The net velocity of light in a material is decreased because of continual absorption and reemission of the light wave by atoms that it encounters. The light wave energy absorbed sets electrons in the atoms into vibrational motion. This energy is then reemitted as an electromagnetic wave with the same frequency of the original wave.
The index of refraction usually increases as the physical density of the material increases.
The optical density of a material relates to the sluggish tendency of the atoms of a material to maintain the absorbed energy of an electromagnetic wave in the form of vibrating electrons before reemitting it as a new electromagnetic wave. The more optically dense a material is, the slower light will move through the material.
To answer your question, the optical density of ice is less than that of water. Light travels through ice faster than it travels through water.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.851189
Retrieved Text: ​Five years ago, Val embarked on travels all around the world to film a project entitled What is love? In an attempt to discover why he hadn't yet found love himself, he travelled the world for a year asking strangers what love was for them. The result? 320 unique statements. His travels inspired him to write his debut novel The Freckled Owl while staying in Sri Lanka.
HIM: It is about getting as much positive energy through the universe as you possibly can, because in essence we are all energy, and we feel it from each other – even subconsciously. And if you make a conscious effort to put out as much energy as possible in a positive way, other people can sense it and they’ll pick it up – so, rather than you go looking for love, love will find you.
HIM: Oh, you mean energy? Think about it. Energy is like a freeway and if you make a conscious effort to put out as much positive energy as you can, you become a direct line with a freeway. (She kisses him and they’re locked in embrace.) And, it’s beautiful, man. So, always stay positive, no matter what.
HIM: Life is what you make it, man. If you surround yourself with negative energy, negative people and negative thoughts, everything you attract is gonna be negative. But, if you are positive, all positive things will come to you, man.
HER: You have a choice. You make a choice.
HIM: Exactly. You are your own author for your own destiny, man. Write

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.743109
Retrieved Text: Contact | Energy Cities - Local authorities in energy transition.
Since our staff travels a lot for European projects, the chances of meeting us somewhere are very good. In addition, we are always pleased to welcome you in our offices in Besançon or Brussels.
By car : find your way with the interactive map.
From the Basel/Mulhouse airport: take the A36 motorway in Lyon’s direction. Take exit no. 4.1 "Besançon-Marchaux". Then follow the sign for "Roulans-Marchaux-Besançon-Palente".
By car: find your way with the interactive map.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.732828
Retrieved Text: Get Them Excited to Go – Every parent has a different strategy to get their child excited about something. From talking to experienced parents who travel quite often they always stress to involve your child/children in the travel plans. Show them different activities and attractions beforehand and see what interests them. You might be surprised and get to experience something with your family you would have missed out on.
Purchase a Child Locator – I would have to say out of all the things that could go wrong while traveling with children, the one things nobody wants to do is lose track of their whereabouts. This probably goes without saying. My suggestion would be to invest in a child locator. With the rise in traveling families many companies have created apps and should only run you about $25.
Bring Cards/Game – When traveling you never know when a plane will get delayed or bad weather might strike. What you can do is be prepared for them with cards or small games. Puzzles, coloring books, gameboys etc.. Nothing is worse than an antsy child during an already inconvenient time. I definitely recommend something educational!
Take Advantage of Early Boarding – Most, if not all airlines have early boarding for families. This is a great time to get on the plane before other guests and get situated. Every second counts when traveling with little ones.
Keep Hydrated – You would think this goes without saying. Even us parents struggle with drinking enough water. Keeping hydrated is essential when traveling. You need to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.728977
Retrieved Text: It basically combines the groove mount of the J-Head, the heat sink of the Budaschnozzle, and the hot end of the MK7. The J-Head Lite uses 1/2" reprocessed PTFE as the holder with a 6mm stainless steal tube whereas a traditional J-head uses a 5/8 PEEK holder with a PTFE liner and a one piece brass heater block. The heat sink is actually just a simple plumbing cap with a hole through it and mounted with a brass nut: simple, low tech, effective. The hot end is based off of the MK7, except it uses a 3w resistor and a thermistor instead of a 40W heater and a thermocouple. I tried to take the best parts of "the big 3" hot end designs and make something that's an economical alternative for ABS/PLA printing. Did I mention it's only 1.5oz?
After probing around the hot end at 240C with a thermistor, I found the brass nut on the heat sink gets to 170C, the middle of the stainless steal tube gets to 110C and the top gets to 80C. To be on the safe side, I'll call the max temp 250C.
Instead of using a brass barrel, I use a stainless steal barrel, much like what is used in the current Makerbot extruder design. I, and they, did this because stainless steal has less thermal conductivity than brass. This means less heat travels up the barrel. I also added a heat sink which mounts to the top of the heater block, separated by ceramic insulation. The brass nut, which

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.609547
Retrieved Text: The heat from the burners causes the air inside a hot air balloon to become less dense.
This Physics quiz is called 'Physics - Conduction and Convection' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at senior high school. Playing educational quizzes is one of the most efficienct ways to learn if you are in the 11th or 12th grade - aged 16 to 18.
Heat is thermal energy. It only ever travels in one direction - from warmer to cooler. You may have heard people say 'close the door to keep the cold out' but they really should be saying 'close the door to keep the warmth in'. Heat travels in 3 ways, but this quiz is concerned with only two of them - conduction and convection, which both involve the movement of particles.
Heat energy can move through any solid by conduction. Metals are usually good conductors of heat but liquids, gasses and solids made mainly from non-metals are usually poor heat conductors. Poor conductors of heat are called 'insulators'.
Thermal energy is transferred from the hot end of a solid to the cold end. In metals, this process is very efficient because the particles are very closely packed and there are free electrons in the structure. In materials made mainly from non-metallic elements there are no free electrons and the atoms are fixed in place differently, so the heat doesn't get passed on as easily.
Heat is transferred through liquids and gasses (fluids) by convection. The particles of fluids are

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.529078
Retrieved Text: What is the purpose of a transformer? | Power Temp Systems, Inc.
Transformers are found everywhere Alternating Current (AC) electrical energy is used. A transformer is an electrical device that trades voltage for current in a circuit, while not affecting the total electrical power. This means it takes high-voltage electricity with a small current and changes it into low-voltage electricity with a large current, or vice versa. One thing to know about transformers is that they only work for Alternating Current (AC), such as you get from your wall plugs, not Direct Current (DC).
Transformers can be used either to increase the voltage also known as stepping up the voltage, or they can decrease the voltage also known as stepping down the voltage. Transformers use two coils of wire, each with hundreds or thousands of turns, wrapped around a metal core. One coil is for the incoming electricity and one is for the outgoing electricity. Alternating Current in the incoming coil sets up an alternating magnetic field in the core, which then generates Alternating Current in the outgoing coil.
Energy is lost in the process of transmitting electricity long distances, such as during the journey from a power plant to your home. Less energy is lost if the voltage is very high. Usually, electrical utilities use high voltage in long-distance transmission wires. However, this high voltage is too dangerous for home use. In the case of electrical utilities in homes, they use transformers to change the voltage of electricity as it travels from the power plant to your home.
First

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.439068
Retrieved Text: I’ve picked up a lot of life lessons from my travels around the world. One such lesson came during the most magnificent sunset I’ve ever seen that occurred on the Greek island of Santorini. Here, after a full day of exploring and making lifelong memories with strangers, we came to the top of this hill, sat down and prepared to watch something that would forever change who we are.
The reason that moments like these are so powerful is that in these moments, we live in the the pure now and feel nothing but bliss. We’re not concerned about the many small challenges and issues that face us all in life. Instead, we’re enjoying the present moment with others who share the same level of high energy frequencies as we’re experiencing.
I believe that travel is a powerful tool that allows us to appreciate and return to the present moment. This is the reason why some become addicted to traveling because, like a drug that brings you to an incredible high, a new destination allows you to awaken all your senses like never before.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.394037
Retrieved Text: NewTek Discussions > LightWave 3D Support > General Support > Fresnel for non transparent surface ?
View Full Version : Fresnel for non transparent surface ?
- learned to set up a (simple) energy conserving material (thanks to the forum posts and google).
In many posts and surface node examples I see a fresnel node used. Read about it and always got the message that it decribes the bending of light when it travels though a transparent material. In the examples on the other hand it often is used for surfaces that are not transparent.
Can somebody help me understand this?
Fresnel and gradient both look very similar. I would imagine that the fresnel node renders faster, but you have greater control with the gradient node.
Possibly use fresnel 1st and then if you have to tweak the surface go over to using the gradient node.
I tend to use gradients to get the same effect and for the reason you mentioned...easier to control :) Also it allows you to get what looks good as opposed to what looks correct scientifically.
It's what I use the most these days to control the "Level" of things like this, since I don't only control the 'in' and 'out' as I can also control the between a lot.
You can also use Schlick's Approximation from the latest db&w Tools (which also gives you the inverse for diffuse channels).
A little more control than a proper fresnel but also a lot less than a gradient.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.279024
Retrieved Text: If you are in the market for a good heating system for your home, then you should definitely consider looking into floor heating cables. These are cables that are actually installed underneath your traditional flooring, and provide heat by sending hot water through the cables or tubes in your floor. It varies quite a bit from a traditional heating system, and has several great benefits. This article is going to discuss 2 of these benefits.
When you have a traditional heating system, air is going to blow out of a vent in your wall, ceiling, or floor and is then going to spread throughout your home. However, a big problem with this is the fact that the heat does not spread evenly throughout the room. The majority of the heat is going to be localized near the vent. Also, you may notice that some rooms in your home are warmer than others, this may be because the smaller rooms in your home are able to hold the heat a lot better than the larger ones. When you choose to go with floor heating cables instead, you are going to be able to heat your rooms evenly. The heating cables will be placed under the entire floor, so that the whole floor is heated evenly. This means that the rooms are going to receive the same amount of heat, no matter what size they are or where you are at inside of them. Also, because heat rises, you aren't going to have to worry about the lower part

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.196829
Retrieved Text: Everyone's heard of recycling, and I'm sure everyone is avidly doing their very best to recycle as much as they humanly can. But have you ever thought of precycling?
Precycling is what you do before you recycle. For example when you are shopping, take a good look at the packaging on the item you want. Is there a lot of package for a little item? If so is there a similar item with less packaging? Less packaging means less rubbish, less energy and resources have been used to make it and less energy and resources will be needed to recycle it into something else.
And the easiest, simplest and best form of precycling? Remembering to always take your own reusable shopping bags with you. Ditch the veggie bags for your own reusable veggie bags. Ditch the plastic grocery bags for calico, cotton, canvas bags or cane baskets.
Make sure you think about recycling before you buy, precycle, and take your recycling habits to the next level.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.157442
Retrieved Text: It’s a great way to save money and help the environment.
Why go solar? Paying the electric company is not a pleasant experience when the cost only grows over time. Don’t waste your hard earned money on electricity when you can cut that expense now and generate your own clean free energy! Most utilities force heavy electricity consumers to pay at a higher rate than “baseline” consumers.
Home solar arrays are typically sized to offset higher usage so that the remaining electricity you’re buying is at the lower baseline rate. A typical array will produce enough to cover 50 to 100 percent of your electricity consumption.
Contrary to popular belief, you can still have solar power on a cloudy day. The sun’s radiation penetrates through clouds, so your solar panels can still absorb energy from the sun. In fact, some studies have shown that solar panels perform better when the sun is not scorchingly hot. An overcast day provides a cool environment for your panels while still allowing them to absorb solar energy.
As sunlight hits the photovoltaic cells, electrons jump creating a flow of DC power. Panels are linked together to form strings that create solar energy.
The DC energy travels to an inverter (either a Micro Inverter located on each individual panel, or a String Inverter usually located in your garage, basement, or exterior wall). Here, the direct current (DC) is chopped up into alternating current (AC) that you can use in your home.
Once the power is inverted into AC, it travels to your electrical panel and goes on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.154669
Retrieved Text: Summer may be coming to an end, but some of you may be looking at flight prices for your winter holiday travels in the meantime (I am!) It’s a fact that air traveling is one of the biggest pollutants to the environment, but for most people, it’s also unavoidable and makes them feel very ecoguilty.
So what’s the verdict? Is it better to travel by car/train/bus/ferry? When it comes to other modes of transport that also use fuel, it depends on the destination and miles traveled, so there isn’t one clear definitive answer. If you’re traveling short distances, opting for a car or public transportation is better. When flight is the only option, there are still ways to reduce your environmental impact and carbon footprint during your travel.
Turn off and unplug all your electronics and appliances before you leave. Energy still runs when something is off, but plugged. If you use power strips, simply flick the off switch to truly turn everything off. This is also a good habit to try if you’re normally a person who rushes out the door panicking about getting to the airport on time because it forces you to be prepared before you leave.
I will forever repeat this tip because it’s that important and that easy. Why pay for $5 water at the airport when you can just refill your bottle for free? A lot of airports have upgraded their water fountains and are now specifically designed to have a bottle underneath rather than tilting your bottle awkwardly only to have it

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.122332
Retrieved Text: Fast food is aptly named. You’re away from home with little to no time and you need to eat. So you head to the drive thru where you can grab something fast and eat on the go. This is when most people fall victim to poor food choices.
Then about an hour later you feel groggy, and like you could nap for approximately 1000 years.
Well lucky for you there are several nutritious foods that will keep your energy up, are totally portable, and can be eaten no matter where your travels take you.
Be sure to grab some of these healthy snacks for on the go next time you hit the grocery store. Then all you need is a lunch bag and an ice pack and you’re armed for the day. It literally takes less than five minutes to do this in the morning, and it’s SOOOOO worth it!!!
Feel free to create your own combos from the list below, but always be sure to take along at least one protein so you’ll stay full longer.
Be sure to grab a selection of these on your next grocery trip so you can stay on track even when you’re on the go.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.116648
Retrieved Text: Who said having kids means saying goodbye to travels, staying home and spending your holidays by the pool? Excellent photography, explosions of colors, fun adventures and good vibes... here are a few of my favorite family travel Instagram accounts!
It's interesting how most people think starting a family means stopping to travel... when for others having kids is actually the BEST excuse to explore more. We cannot wait to show the beauty of the world to Noah and to travel as a trio.
Pack nappies & comfort blankets... it's time to get inspired!
That globetrotting family hikes all over the world, bringing back a collection of great photos in a fabulous vintage kind of aesthetic. Perfect photographies in stunning locations.
Julien, Miki, Teo & Lia's travels will make you want to travel with them! This family surely knows how to share their emotions -they look so freakin' happy all the time! I'm in love with their happy vibes. Always fun photographies.
This family travels to some extraordinary destinations for families, staying with the locals in Tibet, hiking in Jordan, exploring Sichuan... The girls have this amazing communicating energy that will make you feel like buying a ticket and taking your kids off to new adventures, RIGHT NOW. To... anywhere!
Kelly, Aaron and Hudson have just moved from Los Angeles to Cambridge, UK.They're in search for paths less wandered -which often means for them being barefoot in the sand, constantly cradled by the rhythm of the waves. Great photos and use of light.
After six years exploring the world just the two of us,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.063335
Retrieved Text: The area around a magnet where its force can be felt is called a magnetic field. If you move a coil of wire close to a magnet (within the magnetic field) it produces an electric current in the wire.
In its simplest form, a generator would consist of a U-shaped magnet and a single loop of wire. If you rotate the loop of wire between the poles of the magnet, this induces (generates) the electricity in the loop.
Most generators have several magnets and coils (with lots of windings) and most produce an "alternating current"as the current travels in one direction for half of the turn and in the opposite direction for the other half.
Note: A generator does not create energy. It changes mechanical energy into electrical energy. Every generator must be driven by something that produces mechanical energy and uses fuel or another type of energy such as wind or flowing water.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.051886
Retrieved Text: Artist Nevada Hill creates vibrant prints that are raw and full of energy. The artist/designer has been making prints and designs in the Dallas/Fort Worth area for seven years and has designed merchandise for companies such as Cartoon Network/Adult swim, as well as posters for local bands.
Hill recently had his second show at MeMe gallery. "This show had a lot more art prints in it and less posters," Hill said. "The pieces are definitely larger but still retain the raw quality I strive for in all my work."
"A lot of my inspiration has to do with music and noise that I'm working on. I try to make work that has a comic approach," Hill said.
In addition, the artist sites his young daughter's drawings and doodles as an inspiration.
Hills work has also been influenced by his travels to Portugal ,as well as past work with the now defunct Denton gallery and magazine Art Prostitute.
"I learned a lot working at Art Prostitute," Hill said."They taught me how to survive as an artist, how to get jobs, and be a jack-of-all-trades."
"The experiences in Portugal were amazing. I got to be a part of a local art collective there, Tremazul, and got to participate in music and art shows," Hill said., "It really allowed me to continue expanding my horizons."
The artist hasn't slowed down since. Hill is continually occupied with new and exciting projects. "I'm currently doing a redesign for Good Records and designing posters for up and coming bands."
"Im just looking forward to the future and making new work."
These

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.034317
Retrieved Text: Thank the Sun. Surfers owe the Sun a greater debt of gratitude than the rest of life on our planet. Solar energy creates the wind energy that ultimately produces wave energy — and without all of this energy you’d probably be waxing up your sandboard instead of your surfboard right about now.
That being said, the more you understand about how wave energy is transformed into epic surfing waves, the better you’ll be able to harness these incredibly powerful forces of nature. This guide discusses all things having to do with wave types.
Ground: Groundswell is generated by storms and very strong winds over a long distance in the open ocean — the bigger the storm the more punch the swell will be packing. This wave energy can reach as deep as 1,000 feet and travel for thousands of miles, ultimately producing stellar surfing waves.
Wind: This kind of swell is created by wind that is much more localized and closer to shore. As a result, this type of wave energy doesn’t run as deep and is generally not nearly as powerful as groundswell.
Concave: When a line of swell travels over a raised bottom contour that has deeper water around it, the farthest ends of the wave will bend toward the shore. From the side, the wave looks like a “bowl” with energy focused at a peak in the middle. This is known as “concave refraction” and can produce excellent surfing waves that can be ridden to the left or the right of the peak.
Convex: When a line of

================



======= Instance Index 1813 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are less resources or more resources ):

Developing nations will also increase demands on natural resources as they build more factories.


When a country starts manufacturing things they need to have less resources or more resources?

Target Text: more resources

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.024616
Retrieved Text: Manufacturing is one of those sectors that can weather during the bad times. People always need important things to be made and shipped to them. But there is some manufacturing tips and advice that every company in the sector should be making the most of. Below, you will find information on manufacturing advice your business definitely shouldn’t be without.
To start with, you should make sure that you keep on investing in the machinery you rely on, as well as the parts inside it. Without strong machinery to keep your business moving forward, there is no way to get the work done. You are 100% reliant on the machinery in your workplace when you run a business that operates in this sector, so don’t forget that.
If your machinery is getting old or past its best, you need to update and upgrade it. You should get the best Schaeffler bearings and replacement parts if things are moving more slowly than you’d like too.
Keeping your costs down is one of the most important things you can do when you work in this sector. If you allow costs to get out of your control, it won’t be long before your business starts to struggle. When you spend more, you have to make more in order to maintain a healthy level of profit.
In other words, failing to keep costs down just allows things to get out of your control, which is never a good thing. It’s easier said than done, though. And only you can take steps to ensure that your

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.330631
Retrieved Text: Amid the global economic gloom, India is the only market people are trying to access, according to Apollo Tyres chairman Onkar S Kanwar.
What is your assessment of the economy? Are fundamentals in place to put India on a strong growth path?
This is the first time we have a prime minister who has really opened the door to the world. Today, there is a lot of excitement and foreigners are coming and looking at our country more seriously than ever before. If we look around, most other economies are under stress.
With commodity prices having gone down, Brazil and Africa are not doing well. With oil prices plummeting and sanctions, Russia is suffering. China is slowing down. India is in a bright spot.
The PM has initiated three programmes — Make in India, Digital India and smart cities. Apart from that, he is talking about skilling people. These are all very positive factors.
A lot of emphasis is being given on infrastructure, whether it is the railways, roads or power. If you look at FDI, there is almost 35% increase in the last 18-20 months. So I think right steps are being taken.
Time has come to see how we can harness his (PM’s) efforts. Because India has the great advantage of having a domestic market, it is the only country, the bright spot, where everyone is looking and trying to access the market.
Has the government delivered on its promise of ease of doing business and stable operating environment? Are you satisfied with the pace of reforms?
It is important for the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.329554
Retrieved Text: In today’s world, 90 percent of what people use in their day to day activities comes from manufacturing companies. For example, some of the durable goods like jewelry, automobiles, and even the non-durable are its beverages, food among others. The manufacturing industry is quite big as it can also include infrastructural developments like facilities for water supply and production, roads, and many more. The manufacturing industry plays a big role in boosting a country’s economy. Here are some of the reasons why manufacturing is important to a country as well as its economy.
Establishment of manufacturing companies is not only for the production of goods but also for employment purposes. Even though machines have been introduced due to the latest technology, laborers are still needed to handle other important things that machines can’t handle. Most countries facing the youth unemployment problem have decided to put up more manufacturing companies, as they do not only help individuals get jobs in the manufacturing sector but also in the marketing, selling and distributing sectors. Also, the manufacturing industry pays its workers very well, as well as offering them education development and other good benefits.
The main drivers for economic development are the technology improvement of the manufacturing machinery. There can be no growth in a country’s economy if they are not using modern technology in the machinery industry. Most manufacturing machines are used to make new gadgets which also end up being used to make other machines. For example, some of the metals used in companies, like alloy, are used again

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.096886
Retrieved Text: What You Should Know When Looking For Quality Right Companies.
If you have ever at one point but something from one country and wanted it ships to another, i’m sure you have come across the term freight services, which are the services that deliver that product to your respective country. What are the things to lose no is at freight services is important for anyone who is willing to ship something from another country to their country.
The product, you might consider using several means to transport it from another country of manufacturing to another country, more info.
In this article, we are going to look at some of the things you need to consider when looking for quality flight services.
Make Sure You Are Comfortable.
Making sure that you have a good comfort level with the freight company you have chosen is the next big thing that you need to do, getting your product from one country is a crucial thing and you want to be done thoroughly hence it is very important. An experienced freight organization makes things easier for you when he/she takes all your worries, click here.
To interview the company that offers freight services is the best way to determine if the freight services is the right one for you, confirm many items as you can, click here for more.
One of the most important elements in this regard is the budget and you can ignore this, the first thing of the few things that you inquire about is regarding the fee they will charge, view here for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.893286
Retrieved Text: Every few months this report becomes an active discussion in the VISUAL forums. It usually starts off with a user requesting some guidance as they attempt to recreate the VISUAL gross profit report found under the Post Manufacturing Journals.
They soon come to realize that this is no easy feat as it involves numerous tables and complex queries.
Why are users wanting to recreate this report when they could just use the one in VISUAL? Well I’m sure they have good reasons….
In any case, they’ve taken on the task.
So what makes this report so challenging? It’s largely because it ties to the financials for the period. For instance, you cannot just take the costs from the INVENORY_TRANS table as it only contains the current costs (regardless if they are posted or not). You actually need to pull the costs from the distribution tables which may contain multiple entries for the one shipment (that account for cost changes through the periods).
What’s that? You have better things to do with your valuable time than recreate this report? Contact me.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.869307
Retrieved Text: Manufacturing in China has been the synonym for production in Asia for a few decades. However, things are changing. Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, India, and Indonesia are all perceived as the “new-China” due to significantly lower wages. But are salaries the most important factor in the decision of where to manufacture? Let’s find out by comparing manufacturing in China vs. Vietnam.
In the past 10 years, salaries of factory workers in China have doubled. When manufacturing processes depend on actual labor work, it is more likely production costs will be cut down in Vietnam, not in China. But keep in mind, there is a trend of wages rising across the whole of Southeast Asia.
While it might be cheaper to manufacture jeans in Vietnam, printing any application on those jeans will put China ahead. Not only is it cheaper, but the experience is on China’s side. Not to mention all the other products such as plastics, electronics, printing, packaging, etc. China has decades long experiences in the manufacturing of EVERYTHING. Nobody will beat that at least for another 10 years.
China, by and large, has the advantage in raw materials. First, China has been the world’s manufacturing hub for a long time. Second, China is the most attractive consumer market in the world. These two factors alone mean there are massive stocks of all types of raw materials. This makes raw materials both accessible and affordable. Vietnam’s manufacturing industry heavily depends on the importation of raw materials. Sometimes, importation costs might prove to be too expensive, and the savings from

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.806385
Retrieved Text: How can you save your country?
By not starting a world war 3 (WW3). To stop from that happening, We need to stop the president's from fighting each other or else they might attack their country and no one will be saved. Even if they have a meeting about something that is going to happen. How does WW3 starts?, It starts off with a meeting at the hall and they talk about things that are happening in their country and making things worse in the country. But then they would start to argue about their attitude and the Violence that happen between Black people and White people.
But the president of the united states of america was going to bring battle against the Korean chairman of the Korean Party Kim jong un, Which happens to be bad and can cause another battle for a third WW3 and also will cause it to drop a nuke into either USA or South and North Korea. So that’s why people must try and reduce the wars and committing crimes.
Timeus - Wearing Glasses at School.
Timeus - What is Sugar?
Timeus - What do my actions say about me?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.428236
Retrieved Text: We have to have things to sell to others to bring in the money to buy things from others. Detroit’s bankruptcy shows what happens when a country forgets that.
I hosted a blogger call yesterday with Carl Pope and Scott Paul to discuss the new book ReMaking America. I wrote about the book a month ago. (Harold Meyerson said, “Going down to Mississippi wages does not signal a bright future for American economy.”) Please visit www.remakingamericabook.com for more information about this book.
Click this link to play a recording of the call.
On today’s call we are talking about the revival of manufacturing. This is especially timely because of the bankruptcy of Detroit, a city that used to exemplify of America’s manufacturing prosperity, now a wasteland of crumbling buildings and homes – and people.
So let me set the stage for today’s call.
Detroit’s bankruptcy shows exactly what this whole manufacturing discussion is really about.
Manufacturing is one of the main ways a country makes a living. We have to have things to sell to others to bring in the money to buy things from others.
American used to sell far more to the world than we brought in. Until the early 80s we were the largest “creditor” nation. We made things and sold them. Then tax and trade policies transformed us to the world’s largest debtor nation – we moved factories out of the country or just bought things from elsewhere – and since then that imbalance has only gotten worse and worse … and worse and worse.
The Southend portion of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.178106
Retrieved Text: I’ve been, uh, flipping through some books lately. As far as I understand it, they were written by economists, financial analysts and political journalists. And there was this general idea of the seemingly unstoppable growth of China crashing down.
Look, I’m just a mathematician and programmer. I don’t know much about statistics, or demographic studies, or sociology, or economics, or global financial analysis. I just pick up a book that looks interesting and start reading, ok?
China’s massive growth hinges a lot on manufacturing and building real estate (commercial buildings, factories).
Manufacturing and building new buildings need lots of raw materials.
Countries providing steel, copper and other raw materials are riding on China’s growth.
China’s manufacturing and building works on the assumption that the infrastructure is needed for future expansion.
China doesn’t have a big enough domestic consumption for that infrastructure.
The recent global financial crisis has stunted, if not removed, other countries’ enthusiasm for overseas investment (say in China).
China is set to become the world’s largest manufacturer of things.
A monopoly of China being the largest manufacturer may not be in the interests of everyone. I’ve read of toxic plastic toys, deadly baby milk formula powders, and suicidal iPhone factory workers.
We may be following “Be liberal in our input, but be stringent in our output”, but China’s not. See China’s Internet censorship laws.
China is set to consume lots of energy, as her people get lifted from poverty. The “getting out of poverty” thing is good. It’s just that the world isn’t ready with more energy. It sounds unfair, as there are arguments that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.169973
Retrieved Text: Growing any kind of a business involves effort, time, and dedication, and most importantly, funds. Small or medium-sized manufacturers trying to expand will need to be sure of where they’re going. If they don’t have a plan (and/or funds), continuing operations may become a challenge. In the process of adding equipment, production space, and staff to expand, they must not overspend their budget. Raw material is another aspect they likely need to spend a lot of money on. It therefore becomes necessary that they make sure to expand only at an affordable rate. They must have cash flow available at short notice. However, the strain on cash flow is only one aspect of the challenges a growing manufacturer must face. That is where ‘smart growth’ comes in. Let’s look at what smart growth is and how it can be achieved.
as most businesses lose money and take greater risks when they expand. He claims that ‘improve or die’ is truer than the generally accepted mantra of ‘grow or die’.The ‘Make in India’ campaign launched by the Modi government in India is a big step toward achieving smart growth in the country. Although it accounts for only about 16-17% of the GDP, the manufacturing sector in India holds immense potential. Add to that a huge growing market, a large and skilled workforce, a demographic dividend, English-speaking scientists and engineers, and a government focus to ease business in the country, and it’s easy to see why India is all poised to become the third-largest economy in the world by

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.944023
Retrieved Text: There are a few things to consider when ordering several pairs of safety footwear for your workforce. How should you go about choosing your supplier? It’s hard to know what to look out for, especially when imported safety boots often appear to be the most cost effective option.
Sure, pricing is important but here’re a few other things to consider when choosing a supplier: Quality This is one of the most important things to consider. Ask yourself if you are going to be able to get the quality that you will be paying for. If you doubt this, perhaps it is not the supplier for you. A good supplier will have products that are certified by various safety and manufacturing bodies. They should also be able to supply you with proper documentation to prove this. What you pay for is what you get Generally a R150.00 shoe will never be as durable as a R350.00 shoe. Whilst you may be paying less for a cheaper pair of safety shoes, this may amount to further expenditure when you need to purchase another pair because the others just didn’t last. Another true cost is that of failed safety, something that no one in industry can afford due to knock-on side effects like injury, disability, and even death. Location, location, location! Getting efficient customer service from someone who lives in another country and in a different time zone is a real challenge that you don’t want to encounter. Time is also an important resource should something get rejected or you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.825304
Retrieved Text: How many people understand the way a cork floor is realized? This is all about the manufacturing processes involved and many buyers and user s of the flooring are ignorant. First and foremost, you must know that cork is the main raw material for this type of flooring and its naturally occurring. It is drawn from a tree called cork oak and cannot be harvested from one that is below 25 years of growth. The tree is grown in specific parts of the country especially around the western Mediterranean where Portugal is the world�s leading producer accounting for 50 percent. The harvesting process has to be standard and professional not to affect its quality.
The recommended time to harvest cork is during summer. Once you have been able to successfully harvest the cork without injuring it, it will serve you for a long period of time once used as flooring. It is durable and resistant to destructive effects like scratches that are very common where foot traffic is heavy. Harvesting is the first step when manufacturing a cork floor so you have to be sure to carry it with a lot of precision and competence. Once harvested, the slabs are never used immediately as they need to go through some detailed seasoning to make them stronger. This will include leaving them free for around six months within which they are exposed to wind, rain, sun and air as a way of improving its quality.
When that period is over, the cork slabs are cleaned, boiled and the outer

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.812452
Retrieved Text: To meet the unique demands of the manufacturing sector, Motorola two-way radios provide solutions that are as much about safety as they are about communications.
While workplace injuries and emergencies continue to decline across the industry, they do still happen, and instant communication and coordination can mean all the difference.
Here are three features and applications built to help enhance safety in manufacturing with Motorola two-way radios. To make the right selections for your facility, make sure to work with two-way radio service providers who specialize in workplace safety for the manufacturing industry.
In manufacturing environments, radios are a given, smartphones are proving to be less than ideal, and WiFi phones are holding their own.
As wireless communications helps power advances in manufacturing technology, advanced connectivity is making purpose-built WiFi phones a solid option for everything from the front office to the factory floor.
With the unique requirements of the industry in mind, here’s a quick look at some benefits of WiFi phones for manufacturing.
Ask for manufacturing technology examples, and most people will list the usual suspects of manufacturing engineering technology.
The Industrial Internet of Things, or IIOT, 3-D printing and cloud computing get all of the attention, but there is more innovative manufacturing technology out there to explore.
Here are three surprising manufacturing technology examples to keep things interesting.
The Atlanta school’s new Advanced Manufacturing Pilot Facility was built in collaboration with Delta Air Lines, and it’s part of the renaissance in manufacturing engineering technology education going on across the country.
Oct. 6 is Manufacturing Day, an annual celebration of modern manufacturing aimed at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.786188
Retrieved Text: Travel starts with you. It starts with you and your desire and longing to experience new things, fly to new places, climb new mountains, meet new people, eat new food, dance to new songs.
Welcome to The Wandering Jandal! In time, this blog will be full of my travel stories, and tips and tricks I’ve picked up a long the way. Until then, I thought I’d start at the very beginning (a very good place): Why I Travel.
Growing up in New Zealand means that world is very far away. Even with today’s incredible advances in technology and travel, the world is elsewhere, just out of reach. In Europe, you can literally drive into another country, spend the day there, and then drive back. The closest large country to New Zealand is Australia, and that’s still a three hour plane ride away. Here at the bottom of the Earth we are a blip of an island, but we are full of wanderers.
I started my travelling life when I was just 18 months, when my parents and I moved to Mongolia for three years. Ever since then, I’ve had the need, the desire, the fidgety need-to-see-more-places itch.
Travel starts with you. It starts with you and your desire and longing to experience new things, fly to new places, climb new mountains, meet new people, eat new food, dance to new songs. Perhaps even find yourself. If you don’t have the wanderlust in your blood, then perhaps you’ll never travel … and that’s disappointing.
I’ve met so many people over the years

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.740683
Retrieved Text: http://www.JewishWorldReview.com | Before we get to today's column, I have an important announcement regarding outsourcing.
"Outsourcing" is a business expression that means, in layperson's terms, "sourcing out." It's a trend that started years ago in manufacturing, which is a business term that means "making things." You youngsters won't believe this, but there was a time when Americans actually made physical things called "products" right here in America.
Workers would go to large, grimy buildings called "factories" where they would take a raw material such as iron ore and perform industrial acts on it, such as "forging" and "smelting." By the end of the day, as you can imagine, they smelt terrible (rim shot) but they had turned the ore into something useful, such as a locomotive, or a toaster, or (this was not a big seller) a toaster-locomotive.
The making of things was outsourced decades ago to foreign nations such as Asia. Today, we Americans are dimly aware that our TVs, computers, cell phones, underwear, dentures, cartoons, etc., must come from SOMEWHERE, but we have no real clue who is making them, or how. We have enough trouble figuring out how to remove the packaging.
After we stopped making things, America became a "service economy," which is a business term meaning "an economy where it is virtually impossible to get service." But now even our service industries are being outsourced. Take, for example, "technical support," which is the department you call when you're having a technical problem and need to be placed on hold. Today, when you finally get through

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.676777
Retrieved Text: Our industry needs to be more effectively changing time-worn perceptions so manufacturing can become top-of-mind for a viable career.
Times need to change. I have been working in the manufacturing world since 1980. Now, not a day goes by that someone doesn’t bemoan the fact they cannot find enough skilled people to satisfy their workforce requirements. Over the last 38 years it has gotten increasingly worse.
For my first 15 years, I could offer selling a CNC machine tool and train their existing workforce to setup, program and operate a machine that I sold. That was my answer at that time. Now the problem is that the workforce we used to be able to train isn’t there.
With that realization, I jumped into the educational sector. I volunteered on dozens of local and national technical educational and advisory boards for high schools, technical and community colleges across several states. This still wasn’t enough.
With my newly minted cause, I made what seemed like countless presentations to high schools and colleges. True, I was making a small impact, but it still wasn’t enough. To catch the wave of what seemed to be significant resurgence of manufacturing in this country, I stepped up to the plate and wrote a book about the need for and ways to change the perception of a manufacturing career in our country. The time seems ripe for this discussion. The book is finished and will be available soon from championnow.org.
My hope is to change the cultural perception by making working hard with your hands and mind cool

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.565334
Retrieved Text: The National Association of Manufacturers and the Bureau of Labor Statistics have identified a need for several million qualified manufacturing employees over the next decade. Sounds like good news for people looking for a job, right? Unfortunately, there is a catch. The industry anticipates being able to only hire about one-third of these new workers needed, creating a huge employment gap which will likely increase labor costs.
If you want to close your employment gap and continue to grow your business you need to search everywhere for qualified manufacturing employees. Leaving no stone unturned and fully utilizing these resources will give you access to the workers you need.
There is no better resource available to you than your current workforce. Your employees know your company’s values, culture, how things work, and represent the best recruiting tool available to you. Create an enticing incentive program, designed to encourage your employees to recommend those they know who can contribute to the further success of the company. You’ll likely see an instant increase in applications and create a win-win for you and your employees. They’ll recommend those most likely to succeed at the company and you make your employees a partner in that success.
If you have not already done so, strike up a partnership with several of your area community colleges, trade, and technical schools. There are more than 1,100 of these institutions across the country, with an enrollment of 7.1 million as of Fall 2017. The likelihood of finding the qualified manufacturing employees your company needs is strong when tapping

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.501312
Retrieved Text: Los Angeles is often thought of as just the city of entertainment and creative industries—but it turns out, it's a lot more. Krisztina “Z” Holly, founder of MAKE IT IN LA (www.makeitinla.org), found out that—in addition to both the entertainment industry and technology industry, it's actually the biggest manufacturing center in the country. We spoke with Z about how her new initiative—started with Mayor Eric Garcetti—is looking to elevate the manufacturing ecosystem in LA, and help connect it with LA's entrepreneurship, technology and startup world. Z also has recently launched a new podcast series, where she talks to entrepreneurs here at the intersection of entrepreneurship and manufacturing.
Tell us about MAKE IT IN LA, and what you are doing?
Z Holly: MAKE IT IN LA is a new initiative, started by Mayor Garcetti, with the mission to help connect and support the manufacturing ecosystem in LA, and inspire entrepreneurs to launch and make their products here.
Why is manufacturing important to Los Angeles?
Z Holly: I think people don't realize that LA is the largest manufacturing center in the country. There are half a million jobs here in manufacturing, and we employ more people in manufacturing than in all of the creative industries combined. There are four times more people in manufacturing in LA than in film and television, which surprises a lot of people. We recently did a study, and we found that there were nearly 3,000 new businesses created in manufacturing here in the last three years. There is a really an opportunity to support that sector, which

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.382713
Retrieved Text: 7/13/2018 By: Elliot Forsyth Having skilled, competent employees is key to an organization’s success. This is no longer easy for manufacturers to come by, however, as a massive talent shortage has emerged in the industry in recent years, leaving many jobs unfilled and tasks undone. It is expected that this talent gap will result in millions of positions remaining vacant in the years to come, a number that will only continue to grow if nothing is done to counteract this trend. To provide solutions, we must first understand the roots of the problem.
4/6/2018 By: Elliot Forsyth There’s no question that one of the biggest concerns we hear from our clients is finding and keeping good employees. Unfortunately, this situation is likely to only get worse. In the next decade, it is expected that of the nearly 3.5 million open U.S. manufacturing jobs, roughly 2 million are anticipated to go unfilled due to a gap in skills required for holding such jobs. In other words, students and workers today are not prepared for the jobs of tomorrow. To address this gap, a number of organizations are stepping forward to target the root of the problem: lack of proper education.
1/22/2016 According to Deloitte Manufacturing Institute’s report, The Skills Gap in U.S.Manufacturing 2015 and Beyond, manufacturers for years have reported a sizeable gap between the talent they need to keep growing their businesses and the talent they can actually find. Successful manufacturing companies need a growing labor pool to meet increasing market demands. Manufacturers meeting these needs have found

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.367458
Retrieved Text: Photo: Rapid circuit board turnaround from Tempo.
Photo: The Minneapolis Design and Manufacturing Show: The Midwest’s largest industrial conceptual event.
3D printing: Still preeminent for prototyping, but now making its mark in manufacturing.
Rapid circuit board turnaround from Tempo.
The Minneapolis Design and Manufacturing Show: The Midwest's largest industrial conceptual event.
Industry now accepts that 3D printers are capable of more than churning out prototypes, according to exhibitors at the Minneapolis Design and Manufacturing Show, with the latest systems capable of delivering exact, durable components.
Nowadays, 3D printers are a common sight at many industrially-minded expos, with the Minneapolis Design and Manufacturing Show no exception. Recently, though, the excitement around the technology has built, with the latest generation of machines allowing industrial customers to use 3D printing in new ways, moving it well beyond its current prototype-rendering pigeonhole.
One exhibitor who clearly believed the perceptions of many industrial users were undergoing something of a step-change was Andy Goeke, Business Development Director of Dynamism Inc, a Chicago-based 3D printer distributor.
Outlining his expectations of the changed landscape, he said: "While prototyping is still one of the strengths of 3D technology, it is no longer exclusively the case. We are now seeing 3D printing moving into more of a production and use role, particularly with regard to smaller-run parts and things like bespoke components or things that have surface features – such as text – that have to be customised.
"Another upcoming area is any application that requires adherence to very specific dimensions, such as in the medical field where we can now get very, very accurate

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.272348
Retrieved Text: The entire electronics manufacturing machine is a hugely complex process, and for a newcomer, it's just plain difficult to actually see, foresee, and plan for the contingencies that may arise as the product goes through its design and production phases.This is why a good PCB manufacturing company is such a necessary partner in this process. The days of being able to design an electronics product and bring it to market entirely in-house are effectively gone. The system has become complex enough that you need electronic manufacturing experts.
Design services: Undoubtedly your engineers are good, but very often a design can be optimized for the production line it will be running down. An electronics manufacturing firm that knows its own equipment well can often find ways to make your product better before it starts getting made.
Test services: You need thorough testing both before and during the production run. Testing, along with a knowledge of firmware, can head off plenty of problems that would otherwise cause expensive issues later on.
Supply chain management. The only way to keep counterfeit parts out of electronics is by having a strong hold of your supply chain management. Through a combination of computer parts tracking and having reliable partner suppliers, a manufacturer who knows their supply chain can help you with yours.
Post-sale fulfillment: If you really want to feel like your electronics manufacturer is on your side, look for one which also handles post-sale support. If they're going to be doing their own troubleshooting and repair requests, they have a lot more reason to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.25686
Retrieved Text: Outsourcing has always had a negative connotation in the US. It immediately conjures up images of hard-working Americans out of work because some “foreigner” is willing to do the same job for less. Not only is this a closet xenophopic reaction, but it is economically naive. Societies are best-served when their assets and resources are exerted toward high value objectives while outsourcing activities and services that can be done at a lower cost per output with trading partners. While this may sound like pie-in the-sky mumbo jumbo at first glance, there are entire careers and studies dedicated to this notion. The key economic descriptor at work here is the Law of Comparative Advantage.
Comparative advantage explains how trade can create value for both parties even when one can produce all goods with fewer resources than the other. The net benefits of such an outcome are called gains from trade. It is the main concept of the pure theory of international trade.
In essence, when you look at the net cost to the whole system (multiple countries, companies, households, whatever), it would be vastly higher to perform all the activities individually as opposed to trading with those who specialize in performing the service most efficiently.
At Home – Oil Changes, Haircuts and Housework – Am I better off learning how to change the oil on a foreign car where it’s tough to get to everything, buy the oil & filter, dispose of the oil & filter, and clean up when this will take me over an hour? Or is the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.218616
Retrieved Text: One of the simplest things government could do to help U.S. manufacturing is encourage the Pentagon to spend more of its $500 billion budget on domestically produced products.
The United States should set a goal of leading the world in advanced manufacturing, says Rep. Tim Ryan, D-Ohio, co-chair of the House Manufacturing Caucus. While he says much of manufacturing has become more efficient and competitive, he says advanced manufacturing in areas such as green technology is critical to the country's economic future.
"Everybody has to come to grips with the fact that we're not going to make tennis shoes anymore. We're not going to make certain low-end manufacturing products," Ryan says.
He stresses that government must support basic research and then let private companies capitalize on the research in the market. He noted that semiconductor manufacturers were recently on Capitol Hill lobbying for significant investments in research. "One of the real assets the U.S. always had was we supported that kind of cutting-edge research, partnering with industry to make it work," Ryan says. He warned against a mindset that believes "there is nothing positive that government can do" to help industry.
Admitting that members of the manufacturing caucus were split on the issue of trade, Ryan said they could agree on the need for research as well as simplifying the tax code and lowering the corporate tax rate.
Recent good news from General Motors and Chrysler are evidence that the federal bailout of these companies was good policy, he says. "We would have lost the American auto industry," he says. "I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.21574
Retrieved Text: Smart Manufacturing envisions a future where factory equipment can make autonomous decisions based on what’s happening on the factory floor. Businesses can more easily integrate all steps of the manufacturing process including design, manufacturing, supply chain and operation. This facilitates greater flexibility and reactivity when participating in competitive markets. Enabling this vision requires a combination of related technologies such as IoT, AI/machine learning, and Edge Computing. In this article, we will introduce Edge Computing and discuss its role in enabling Smart Manufacturing.
Put simply, Edge Computing is about taking code that runs in the cloud and running it on local devices or close to it. Like in a gateway device or a PC sitting next to the device.
Things like IoT devices, which generate sensor data.
Insights you extract from this data.
Actions you perform based on these insights to deliver some sort of value.
With Edge Computing, you move the insights and actions components from the cloud to the device. In other words, you bring some of the code used to process and extract insights from the data, and perform some action in response to it right into the device.
You may still want to send data to the cloud for further processing and actions, but now you have the option of balancing your workloads more efficiently based on latency, compute power, or data privacy requirements. Notably, one of the things we can move to the edge is machine learning and AI algorithms. When we do this, we say that we have an intelligent edge.
When is Edge Computing useful?
Mission-critical scenarios where

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.11431
Retrieved Text: Do you know the unique factors that affect accounting for manufacturing?
In the U.S. alone, manufacturing accounts for more than $2 trillion worth of GDP. Globally, the manufacturing industry is far bigger than that. Manufacturing is a massive industry.
Companies from different countries often coming together to meet manufacturing needs. This makes accounting especially challenging.
There are a lot of variables in manufacturing accounting that need to be considered. Whether you're in charge of the company or working in the accounting department, here are the thing to know about accounting for a manufacturing business.
At many companies, the accounting focuses on the sale of goods and services to customers. However, manufacturing is a little different, even though the goal is to produce goods to sell.
Manufacturers are building brand-new products. This means that the accounting department has to consider a variety of things.
This includes the cost of materials and equipment, as well as possible research, testing, and even design costs at some companies. Those costs have to get managed alongside the finished products' value. That way, no money gets lost in the production efforts.
Some of the things an accounting department at a manufacturing company has to think about are the same as at other companies. Others are unique to the industry. Here are the top tasks accountants have to balance in manufacturing.
Manufacturing is a process-based world. Without ways to measure and analyze processes from an accounting perspective, valuable information gets lost.
A great accounting team can see if the company is efficient using measurement tools and recommend changes accordingly.
The most basic kind

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.079176
Retrieved Text: One does hard work whole day and after the long day one wants a comfortable sleep. All this hard work during the day makes one feel tired and if one does not get good sleep then the other day the person will feel tired and irritated. To have a sound sleep the most important is the mattress where after laying one can stretch their body and feel relaxed. The mattress should be such that give the support to the body at maximum level to the main points of the body which are maximum stretched during the day.
These mattresses are manufactured in Kerala. The comfort of these mattresses has come through husk of coconut also known as coir which is a natural fiber. Through the use of UNICOM technology and with the foam support one can have the healthy and comfortable sleep. It has been certified under ISO 9001 – 2008 for providing the best quality for their coir mattresses. These are for providing the best quality for their coir mattresses. These are manufactured by Eastern mattresses pvt. Ltd. There are different types of mattresses such as Comfidura, Multilux, Eurofort Milky white. The cost of mattresses depends on the range and starts from Rs 12000/-.
This is founded in the year 1981. It has presence in all over South India such as Karnataka, Telengana, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and various other parts of the country. Its mattresses are specially designed for the back pain which is commonly found in the people living in cities of metro.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.96792
Retrieved Text: The Internet of Things (IoT) is not a futuristic technology trend: It’s here today, and it starts with your things — your devices and sensors, the data they produce, your cloud services and business intelligence tools. That’s the Internet of Your Things.
What is the scope of IoT?
Internet of Things can connect devices embedded in various systems to the internet. When devices/objects can represent themselves digitally, they can be controlled from anywhere. The connectivity then helps us capture more data from more places, ensuring more ways of increasing efficiency and improving safety and IoT security. IoT is a transformational force that can help companies improve performance through IoT analytics and IoT Security to deliver better results. Businesses in the utilities, oil & gas, insurance, manufacturing, transportation, infrastructure and retail sectors can reap the benefits of IoT by making more informed decisions, aided by the torrent of interactional and transactional data at their disposal.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.953869
Retrieved Text: If field service is an integral part of your day-to-day business and optimizing your field service operations is a main responsibility, then connected field service should be the next step for your field service operations. But what is connected field service or field service automation and how does it differ from field service software?
What is Connected Field Service?
Connected field service is the idea of adding connected devices, powered by IoT (Internet of Things) and the Cloud to your existing field service operations. Field Service Automation software like Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Field Service provides the ability to send information directly to service providers about equipment condition and the potential need for repair. This idea of being connected, fundamentally unifies the service and manufacturing industry. With proactive maintenance a possibility, the need for customer, client, or failed equipment initiation has been discarded. Whereas, with previous field service processes, this element was central to the service relationship.
How does Connected Field Service differ from Field Service?
Field service organizations and manufacturing companies have conventionally followed the process of installation, check-up maintenance, and break-fix or repair appointments. Since there are no sensors and this process is reactive, the customer is forced to pick up the phone when something breaks to log the ticket. With Connected Field Service, these issues are mitigated, and you’ve moved to proactive service by having connected/IoT devices. Having connected/IoT devices significantly improves organization’s ability to respond quicker. In some cases, they’re able to resolve the issue before the customer even knows about it by providing remote troubleshooting

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.945053
Retrieved Text: Travel businesses in Benin will help in organizing an efficient journey to this country and lower your expenses on things like visas, flight connections, resort rooms or different kinds of lodging. Take into thoughts this instance where there’s a household of four that engages in a travel package for a two week trip so they end up taking a coverage amounting to 100 and thirty four thousand dollars on a complete travel insurance coverage coverage with provisions for accidental death and dismemberment, emergencies and medical bills, flight delays and cancellations, and lost belongings.
In some circumstances, the agency may have protection in place which you could get hold of by means of them. The fact is that the sooner a household starts to look in a selected travel area, the extra probably they are going to get what they need, when they want, where they want and on the price they wish to pay. You would stay where you’re and journey travel at your private home or enterprise out to a remote location.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.931837
Retrieved Text: There are necessary things for the process of manufacturing products which are of high quality. They helpful things in controlling tension and torque in a manufacturing process are Tension control products. Since Tension control products are important in the process of manufacturing, they are important to have. Prior to buying the product, you are supposed to understand more about it. The market is filled with many Tension control products. When you understand the product that you need, you can be able to locate it quickly. Information about the products can be located in many places. This article will discuss them.
Use reviews of the products. There are many Tension control products in the market hence you need review them. The products are made by many manufacturers and thus you are supposed to be aware of them. There are many reviews about the product on the internet. The reviews have been provided by the companies making them. This way, you will be able to understand the different features of the products. Also, experts that have used Tension control products provide reviews. Reviews are responsible for comparison of features. Since different products have different features, you will be able to find what you need with it.
Make use of the website of the makers. Tension control products makers have websites on the internet. They utilize them for information provision about their company and their products. It is good study about the products from the sites when you want to buy them. Since they are the owners of the Tension control

================



======= Instance Index 689 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are less resources or more resources ):

Developing nations will also increase demands on natural resources as they build more factories.


When a country stops manufacturing things they need to have less resources or more resources?

Target Text: less resources

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.123236
Retrieved Text: the first requirement here is novelty.
It means were you first?
Is it a new invention?
you can't get a patent.
There's more specifics to this but this is the general ideas.
We're not going to give you a patent if it's already public information.
More specifically, you can't get a patent if you've done one of the following things.
if public information, you don't need to give a patent.
So the government won't issue a patent on something which is known or used.
another country or someone else's patent application, then it's known.
one country and then you want to get a patent in another country, it's already known.
I can't present anything online and get a patent.
What that says is you got one year to get your patent now.
as long as you file the patent within one year.
it's free for the world forever.
or shoot, you got one year.
that one year stops when you file your patent application.
that provisional patent stops the clock on this one year.
it stops that grace period.
And then you have another year to get your formal application in.
So you can't really complain you don't have enough time.
and the provisional patent is enough to stop the clock on that.
you never ever can patent and neither can anyone else.
anyone can use that invention now.
India all one year grace period countries.
but there are a few countries that have shorter grace periods.
they don't want to give you so long.
you may have less time to file in their country.
They want to encourage you to be quick to file in their country.
the patent application within a couple of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.329554
Retrieved Text: In today’s world, 90 percent of what people use in their day to day activities comes from manufacturing companies. For example, some of the durable goods like jewelry, automobiles, and even the non-durable are its beverages, food among others. The manufacturing industry is quite big as it can also include infrastructural developments like facilities for water supply and production, roads, and many more. The manufacturing industry plays a big role in boosting a country’s economy. Here are some of the reasons why manufacturing is important to a country as well as its economy.
Establishment of manufacturing companies is not only for the production of goods but also for employment purposes. Even though machines have been introduced due to the latest technology, laborers are still needed to handle other important things that machines can’t handle. Most countries facing the youth unemployment problem have decided to put up more manufacturing companies, as they do not only help individuals get jobs in the manufacturing sector but also in the marketing, selling and distributing sectors. Also, the manufacturing industry pays its workers very well, as well as offering them education development and other good benefits.
The main drivers for economic development are the technology improvement of the manufacturing machinery. There can be no growth in a country’s economy if they are not using modern technology in the machinery industry. Most manufacturing machines are used to make new gadgets which also end up being used to make other machines. For example, some of the metals used in companies, like alloy, are used again

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.296316
Retrieved Text: Adama Barrow, who won the election ending 22-year rule of President Yahya Jammeh, vows to introduce two-term limit.
Yundum, Gambia - The Gambian opposition leader, Adama Barrow, has won the presidential election, ending the 22-year rule of President Yahya Jammeh in the West African country.
News of Barrow's victory prompted thousands to take to the streets of the capital Banjul in celebration - some on foot while others rode in cars and trucks and on motorbikes - as confused soldiers looked on.
Following his victory, Al Jazeera caught up with Barrow for an interview. The transcript of the interview has been edited for clarity.
Al Jazeera: During your address to the nation and during the campaign, you pledged to carry out some electoral reforms, including a two-term limit for president. Can you elaborate?
Adama Barrow: We promised to do a lot of things, including electoral reforms. We will look at everything and avoid making any mistake to arrive at a final document. We want the democratic process to be very smooth in the future. We want a level playing field for every politician in the future, that is our goal.
Al Jazeera: What do you mean by a level playing field?
Adama Barrow: We need laws that will favour everybody.
Al Jazeera: You also talked about reforms in public service that is free from corruption and nepotism. How do you intend to go about it given that your two predecessors failed to do so?
Adama Barrow: Well, if they failed to do it that does not mean it cannot be done. Nobody thought we could

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.096886
Retrieved Text: What You Should Know When Looking For Quality Right Companies.
If you have ever at one point but something from one country and wanted it ships to another, i’m sure you have come across the term freight services, which are the services that deliver that product to your respective country. What are the things to lose no is at freight services is important for anyone who is willing to ship something from another country to their country.
The product, you might consider using several means to transport it from another country of manufacturing to another country, more info.
In this article, we are going to look at some of the things you need to consider when looking for quality flight services.
Make Sure You Are Comfortable.
Making sure that you have a good comfort level with the freight company you have chosen is the next big thing that you need to do, getting your product from one country is a crucial thing and you want to be done thoroughly hence it is very important. An experienced freight organization makes things easier for you when he/she takes all your worries, click here.
To interview the company that offers freight services is the best way to determine if the freight services is the right one for you, confirm many items as you can, click here for more.
One of the most important elements in this regard is the budget and you can ignore this, the first thing of the few things that you inquire about is regarding the fee they will charge, view here for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.869307
Retrieved Text: Manufacturing in China has been the synonym for production in Asia for a few decades. However, things are changing. Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, India, and Indonesia are all perceived as the “new-China” due to significantly lower wages. But are salaries the most important factor in the decision of where to manufacture? Let’s find out by comparing manufacturing in China vs. Vietnam.
In the past 10 years, salaries of factory workers in China have doubled. When manufacturing processes depend on actual labor work, it is more likely production costs will be cut down in Vietnam, not in China. But keep in mind, there is a trend of wages rising across the whole of Southeast Asia.
While it might be cheaper to manufacture jeans in Vietnam, printing any application on those jeans will put China ahead. Not only is it cheaper, but the experience is on China’s side. Not to mention all the other products such as plastics, electronics, printing, packaging, etc. China has decades long experiences in the manufacturing of EVERYTHING. Nobody will beat that at least for another 10 years.
China, by and large, has the advantage in raw materials. First, China has been the world’s manufacturing hub for a long time. Second, China is the most attractive consumer market in the world. These two factors alone mean there are massive stocks of all types of raw materials. This makes raw materials both accessible and affordable. Vietnam’s manufacturing industry heavily depends on the importation of raw materials. Sometimes, importation costs might prove to be too expensive, and the savings from

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.785397
Retrieved Text: Stratasys Ltd., a global leader of 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions, announced it is co-sponsoring a coast-to-coast 3D printing road show based out of a recreational vehicle being called the “3DRV.” The 3DRV will tour the United States to explore how 3D printing and additive manufacturing are changing the way things are designed and manufactured and the possible implications for business and society at large. The tour is sponsored by Autodesk, HP, Nvidia, Jayco, FARO and Stratasys.
The eight-month roadshow kicked off late-May in San Francisco and includes more than 100 planned stops and visits with companies, students, and individuals across the country. As part of the tour, the 3DRV will be visiting Stratasys Headquarters in Minneapolis on Monday, June 30.
Along the tour, people will be able to interact with Stratasys 3D printers to see how the technology can be applied in design, manufacturing, and a variety of applications across industries.
Follow the journey at www.3DRV.com, and visit Stratasys’ Facebook, Twitter, and company blog for ongoing updates, multimedia and related content.
Filed Under: 3D Printers, Additive Manufacturing, Aerospace, Architecture, Automotive, Consumer Products, Entertainment, Extrusion, Industrial, Material Jetting, Medical, Packaging, Production 3D Printers / AM Systems News, Professional 3D Printers News Tagged With: Stratasys Ltd.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.428236
Retrieved Text: We have to have things to sell to others to bring in the money to buy things from others. Detroit’s bankruptcy shows what happens when a country forgets that.
I hosted a blogger call yesterday with Carl Pope and Scott Paul to discuss the new book ReMaking America. I wrote about the book a month ago. (Harold Meyerson said, “Going down to Mississippi wages does not signal a bright future for American economy.”) Please visit www.remakingamericabook.com for more information about this book.
Click this link to play a recording of the call.
On today’s call we are talking about the revival of manufacturing. This is especially timely because of the bankruptcy of Detroit, a city that used to exemplify of America’s manufacturing prosperity, now a wasteland of crumbling buildings and homes – and people.
So let me set the stage for today’s call.
Detroit’s bankruptcy shows exactly what this whole manufacturing discussion is really about.
Manufacturing is one of the main ways a country makes a living. We have to have things to sell to others to bring in the money to buy things from others.
American used to sell far more to the world than we brought in. Until the early 80s we were the largest “creditor” nation. We made things and sold them. Then tax and trade policies transformed us to the world’s largest debtor nation – we moved factories out of the country or just bought things from elsewhere – and since then that imbalance has only gotten worse and worse … and worse and worse.
The Southend portion of the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.309143
Retrieved Text: Mayor Greg Fischer talks about Louisville's multi-sector economy, which runs on manufacturing, logistics, food, and bourbon. Did we mention Moonshine University?
This article is the first in a weeklong America 360 series on Louisville.
Democratic politics isn't exactly littered with former manufacturing executives. But in Kentucky, the Democratic mayors of the state's two largest cities are both men who led their own global companies. Mayor Greg Fischer of Louisville founded SerVend International when he invented an automatic ice and beverage dispenser, and his colleague Jim Gray of Lexington is the former chairman and CEO of Gray Construction. Both were elected in 2010, and since then have launched the Bluegrass Economic Advancement Movement with help from the Brookings Institution's Metropolitan Policy Program. BEAM is a regional economic partnership that combines the two medium-sized cities into a mega-region to attract employers and new highly skilled workers.
National Journal's Amy Sullivan sat down with Fischer recently in his City Hall office. The 55-year-old mayor and Louisville native talked about the challenges of bringing a manufacturing base into the 21st century, as well as the city's innovative farm-to-table program and other local initiatives that led Lonely Planet to declare Louisville "The Top U.S. Travel Destination for 2013." Edited excerpts follow.
Many of the jobs that are coming to Louisville are high-skill, high-wage positions. How do you help prepare workers for jobs that are outside the traditional manufacturing sector?
One way is with Metropolitan College, which is probably one of the most innovative workforce-development initiatives in the country. It started because UPS's global air hub is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.169973
Retrieved Text: Growing any kind of a business involves effort, time, and dedication, and most importantly, funds. Small or medium-sized manufacturers trying to expand will need to be sure of where they’re going. If they don’t have a plan (and/or funds), continuing operations may become a challenge. In the process of adding equipment, production space, and staff to expand, they must not overspend their budget. Raw material is another aspect they likely need to spend a lot of money on. It therefore becomes necessary that they make sure to expand only at an affordable rate. They must have cash flow available at short notice. However, the strain on cash flow is only one aspect of the challenges a growing manufacturer must face. That is where ‘smart growth’ comes in. Let’s look at what smart growth is and how it can be achieved.
as most businesses lose money and take greater risks when they expand. He claims that ‘improve or die’ is truer than the generally accepted mantra of ‘grow or die’.The ‘Make in India’ campaign launched by the Modi government in India is a big step toward achieving smart growth in the country. Although it accounts for only about 16-17% of the GDP, the manufacturing sector in India holds immense potential. Add to that a huge growing market, a large and skilled workforce, a demographic dividend, English-speaking scientists and engineers, and a government focus to ease business in the country, and it’s easy to see why India is all poised to become the third-largest economy in the world by

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.944023
Retrieved Text: There are a few things to consider when ordering several pairs of safety footwear for your workforce. How should you go about choosing your supplier? It’s hard to know what to look out for, especially when imported safety boots often appear to be the most cost effective option.
Sure, pricing is important but here’re a few other things to consider when choosing a supplier: Quality This is one of the most important things to consider. Ask yourself if you are going to be able to get the quality that you will be paying for. If you doubt this, perhaps it is not the supplier for you. A good supplier will have products that are certified by various safety and manufacturing bodies. They should also be able to supply you with proper documentation to prove this. What you pay for is what you get Generally a R150.00 shoe will never be as durable as a R350.00 shoe. Whilst you may be paying less for a cheaper pair of safety shoes, this may amount to further expenditure when you need to purchase another pair because the others just didn’t last. Another true cost is that of failed safety, something that no one in industry can afford due to knock-on side effects like injury, disability, and even death. Location, location, location! Getting efficient customer service from someone who lives in another country and in a different time zone is a real challenge that you don’t want to encounter. Time is also an important resource should something get rejected or you

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.812452
Retrieved Text: To meet the unique demands of the manufacturing sector, Motorola two-way radios provide solutions that are as much about safety as they are about communications.
While workplace injuries and emergencies continue to decline across the industry, they do still happen, and instant communication and coordination can mean all the difference.
Here are three features and applications built to help enhance safety in manufacturing with Motorola two-way radios. To make the right selections for your facility, make sure to work with two-way radio service providers who specialize in workplace safety for the manufacturing industry.
In manufacturing environments, radios are a given, smartphones are proving to be less than ideal, and WiFi phones are holding their own.
As wireless communications helps power advances in manufacturing technology, advanced connectivity is making purpose-built WiFi phones a solid option for everything from the front office to the factory floor.
With the unique requirements of the industry in mind, here’s a quick look at some benefits of WiFi phones for manufacturing.
Ask for manufacturing technology examples, and most people will list the usual suspects of manufacturing engineering technology.
The Industrial Internet of Things, or IIOT, 3-D printing and cloud computing get all of the attention, but there is more innovative manufacturing technology out there to explore.
Here are three surprising manufacturing technology examples to keep things interesting.
The Atlanta school’s new Advanced Manufacturing Pilot Facility was built in collaboration with Delta Air Lines, and it’s part of the renaissance in manufacturing engineering technology education going on across the country.
Oct. 6 is Manufacturing Day, an annual celebration of modern manufacturing aimed at

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.807938
Retrieved Text: You need that package delivery and you need it now. You don't have time for your delivery service to make other stops on the way. Best Courier Dedicated Truck Delivery goes straight through for you. Faster than our same day Standard Delivery Service, even faster than our Rush Delivery Service - Dedicated Delivery is our fastest service yet.
For your most urgent deliveries, our freight carriers can deliver your freight from dock to dock without any stops in between. We know what it means when you need it right away. LTL (Less Than a Truckload) is no problem with Best Courier where meeting your delivery needs is our top priority.
Is a line down at your manufacturing plant or do you have a customer waiting? Whatever the reason, Best Courier meets the need without flinching and without stopping anywhere else. Our reputation for quality delivery service is based on our commitment and success with on-time delivery promises.
Need to know more about our Dedicated Delivery Service?
When fast isn't fast enough, Best Courier offers Dedicated Truck Delivery for cargo, freight services and pallet shipping.
Your package, parcel or cargo is picked up and delivered straight to their destination with no stops in between.
Our trucks are dock high and come in lengths up to 26 feet holding a maximum of 12 pallet crates.
Need your cargo or pallet crates delivered to another state? Best Courier will take it where it needs to go and get it there when promised.
We also offer sealed trucks when the delivery has to be secure and freight tracking

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.676777
Retrieved Text: Our industry needs to be more effectively changing time-worn perceptions so manufacturing can become top-of-mind for a viable career.
Times need to change. I have been working in the manufacturing world since 1980. Now, not a day goes by that someone doesn’t bemoan the fact they cannot find enough skilled people to satisfy their workforce requirements. Over the last 38 years it has gotten increasingly worse.
For my first 15 years, I could offer selling a CNC machine tool and train their existing workforce to setup, program and operate a machine that I sold. That was my answer at that time. Now the problem is that the workforce we used to be able to train isn’t there.
With that realization, I jumped into the educational sector. I volunteered on dozens of local and national technical educational and advisory boards for high schools, technical and community colleges across several states. This still wasn’t enough.
With my newly minted cause, I made what seemed like countless presentations to high schools and colleges. True, I was making a small impact, but it still wasn’t enough. To catch the wave of what seemed to be significant resurgence of manufacturing in this country, I stepped up to the plate and wrote a book about the need for and ways to change the perception of a manufacturing career in our country. The time seems ripe for this discussion. The book is finished and will be available soon from championnow.org.
My hope is to change the cultural perception by making working hard with your hands and mind cool

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.565334
Retrieved Text: The National Association of Manufacturers and the Bureau of Labor Statistics have identified a need for several million qualified manufacturing employees over the next decade. Sounds like good news for people looking for a job, right? Unfortunately, there is a catch. The industry anticipates being able to only hire about one-third of these new workers needed, creating a huge employment gap which will likely increase labor costs.
If you want to close your employment gap and continue to grow your business you need to search everywhere for qualified manufacturing employees. Leaving no stone unturned and fully utilizing these resources will give you access to the workers you need.
There is no better resource available to you than your current workforce. Your employees know your company’s values, culture, how things work, and represent the best recruiting tool available to you. Create an enticing incentive program, designed to encourage your employees to recommend those they know who can contribute to the further success of the company. You’ll likely see an instant increase in applications and create a win-win for you and your employees. They’ll recommend those most likely to succeed at the company and you make your employees a partner in that success.
If you have not already done so, strike up a partnership with several of your area community colleges, trade, and technical schools. There are more than 1,100 of these institutions across the country, with an enrollment of 7.1 million as of Fall 2017. The likelihood of finding the qualified manufacturing employees your company needs is strong when tapping

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.520205
Retrieved Text: The Energy Race - WIll we lead, or follow?
As the below article shows, other countries, such as China, are pulling out all stops to be the suppliers of alternative energy systems and equipment - in this case Wind Turbines. As we start reducing our dependency on foreign oil, will we just re-direct those dollars overseas to supply our new energy structure?
We are in a race, an Energy Race. In the sixties we were in a race to the moon. We won that race, barely, but it took perseverance, determination, and commitment to get there. We, as a country, need to regain our dominance in industry, manufacturing and technology. One of the best ways we have to do that right now is The Energy Race. But we cannot sit by and let other countries get so far ahead of us that we will never catch up, let alone succeed.
We need to get off our stools, stand up and make a serious commitment to our energy future. The time for rhetoric and hand clasping is over, the need for action is being made more clear every day we waste.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.517302
Retrieved Text: Mr. Son is laughing. He’s walking from bench to bench at our Fremont shop, talking to assemblers and making sure they have everything they need to get the job done right.
There are times where he stops and listens earnestly. He checks drawings, looks at the assembly, asks a couple of questions, and then makes a gentle suggestion.
Mr. Son — his full name is Son Doan — has worked in Silicon Valley for more than 25 years. He’s been an assembler, quoter, technician, and now is a production supervisor and trainer. That breadth of experience helps him in his current role.
One of the tenants of Compass Made’s culture is building up our employees by providing the education, skills, and tools they need to succeed. Mr. Son anchors the company’s commitment to its employees, bringing in his professional capabilities and knowledge to the job every day.
Originally from Vietnam with a background in chemical engineering, Mr. Son came to the United States with a basic understanding of electronics and a desire to support his family. He picked up the ins-and-outs of the industry quickly, as each position he took on expanded his practical experience in the manufacturing process.
Beyond teaching is motivating. There are dozens of styles, from the screamer to the coach. Mr. Son smiles when asked what style he uses.
In addition to helping Compass Made employees, Mr. Son has been a force for improving the company’s training programs. In his early days, the company was reactionary when a problem arose. Now, there are regular meetings to look at

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.501312
Retrieved Text: Los Angeles is often thought of as just the city of entertainment and creative industries—but it turns out, it's a lot more. Krisztina “Z” Holly, founder of MAKE IT IN LA (www.makeitinla.org), found out that—in addition to both the entertainment industry and technology industry, it's actually the biggest manufacturing center in the country. We spoke with Z about how her new initiative—started with Mayor Eric Garcetti—is looking to elevate the manufacturing ecosystem in LA, and help connect it with LA's entrepreneurship, technology and startup world. Z also has recently launched a new podcast series, where she talks to entrepreneurs here at the intersection of entrepreneurship and manufacturing.
Tell us about MAKE IT IN LA, and what you are doing?
Z Holly: MAKE IT IN LA is a new initiative, started by Mayor Garcetti, with the mission to help connect and support the manufacturing ecosystem in LA, and inspire entrepreneurs to launch and make their products here.
Why is manufacturing important to Los Angeles?
Z Holly: I think people don't realize that LA is the largest manufacturing center in the country. There are half a million jobs here in manufacturing, and we employ more people in manufacturing than in all of the creative industries combined. There are four times more people in manufacturing in LA than in film and television, which surprises a lot of people. We recently did a study, and we found that there were nearly 3,000 new businesses created in manufacturing here in the last three years. There is a really an opportunity to support that sector, which

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.403719
Retrieved Text: Motivated, content employees help encourage manufacturing efficiency.
4 "Ways to Improve Quality, Productivity & Process Time"
Industries across the globe rely on the efficiency of their manufacturing processes to create quality products that consumers can afford. The more expensive and inefficient your manufacturing process, the higher the cost of making your products. Whether it's broken machines, unmotivated employees, or just a dysfunctional system, you're going to end up with problems. The result is higher prices for your consumers and perhaps even fewer sales for your company. The solution is to improve the efficiency level of your manufacturing processes. Manufacturing efficiency is the level of performance within your company, and it's something that can always be improved upon.
Know your product, and make sure everybody in your company knows the product. Manufacturing efficiency starts with well-trained individuals throughout the entire company. When it comes to training, make sure it's hands-on. A booklet can only teach someone so much, but supervised on-the-job training can speed up the learning process.
Cut down on waste. Every unfinished product loses money, so don't accept that it's bound to happen without coming up with an explanation for why it happened. Mistakes are okay, but when they become frequent, you need a solution, whether it's new machinery or new employees.
Troubleshoot machines before they have a chance to break. Trust the employees that use these machines and know how they work. Nobody wants to have to call an outside source to come in to fix something. Instead, pay attention to the signs that something might be wrong. It's

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.382713
Retrieved Text: 7/13/2018 By: Elliot Forsyth Having skilled, competent employees is key to an organization’s success. This is no longer easy for manufacturers to come by, however, as a massive talent shortage has emerged in the industry in recent years, leaving many jobs unfilled and tasks undone. It is expected that this talent gap will result in millions of positions remaining vacant in the years to come, a number that will only continue to grow if nothing is done to counteract this trend. To provide solutions, we must first understand the roots of the problem.
4/6/2018 By: Elliot Forsyth There’s no question that one of the biggest concerns we hear from our clients is finding and keeping good employees. Unfortunately, this situation is likely to only get worse. In the next decade, it is expected that of the nearly 3.5 million open U.S. manufacturing jobs, roughly 2 million are anticipated to go unfilled due to a gap in skills required for holding such jobs. In other words, students and workers today are not prepared for the jobs of tomorrow. To address this gap, a number of organizations are stepping forward to target the root of the problem: lack of proper education.
1/22/2016 According to Deloitte Manufacturing Institute’s report, The Skills Gap in U.S.Manufacturing 2015 and Beyond, manufacturers for years have reported a sizeable gap between the talent they need to keep growing their businesses and the talent they can actually find. Successful manufacturing companies need a growing labor pool to meet increasing market demands. Manufacturers meeting these needs have found

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.371851
Retrieved Text: The growth of the infrastructure contributes directly to the economic development of any country. When the infrastructure grows in any country its economic development also improves. There are several countries around the globe that are on the fringes of a big change. They have seen slow but steady growth in infrastructural development over the decades. On the other hand, there are some nations that have seen very rapid growth in the infrastructure in the past few decades. Then, there are developed countries which are supposedly on the peak of the development.
It is a fallacy that the infrastructural development has peaked in the developing nations. The truth is that the infrastructures are ever evolving and thus this growth never stops. There are some countries which are about to see some major changes in their economy and organization. They will witness the elevation in the living standards, more proximity to globalization, and the vast expansion of infrastructure.
There are many countries today where the demand for the civil engineers is higher than the supply. This simply means that the job opportunities for the civil engineers are immense. It is almost impossible to think of an inhabited place in the world where civil engineers are not required. We need the roads, bridges, damns, buildings, houses, and manufacturing units everywhere. Since the infrastructure is growing so rapidly in many parts of the world, civil engineers with a degree can build a very good career in this field.
Every profession is tied to compensation in the form of salary. People are looking for

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.309195
Retrieved Text: When I was a girl, I remember being furious at my Mum on numerous occasions and thinking: I'm never going to do that to MY kids.
And then of course, I grew up (kinda), and had kids of my own, and I finally got that she was just doing what she thought was right for me at the time. Just as most parents do.
So with Mother's Day about to arrive, I thought I'd post about my Mum and Dad, who still live in the country town where I was raised, and who now regularly share their wisdom and patience with my own kids.
Unfortunately they live a 4 hour drive away - usually it's more 5 hours when you factor in wee stops, poo stops, play stops, food stops, drink stops, and the odd false alarm. So we don't get to see them as often as we like.
When we do though, the kids love looking through the old toys and books that I played with when I was a kid, and exploring Grandma and Pa-Pa's lovely garden. As always, it's the simple things in life that are often the best, and each visit builds on a few more memories.
Seek and ye shall find - the kids loved collecting snail shells!
Finally, to all the Mother's, Grandmothers, Great-grandmothers and motherly figures out there, Happy Mother's Day. May you get totally spoiled (and not receive any foot spas, soap, or slippers).

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.218616
Retrieved Text: One of the simplest things government could do to help U.S. manufacturing is encourage the Pentagon to spend more of its $500 billion budget on domestically produced products.
The United States should set a goal of leading the world in advanced manufacturing, says Rep. Tim Ryan, D-Ohio, co-chair of the House Manufacturing Caucus. While he says much of manufacturing has become more efficient and competitive, he says advanced manufacturing in areas such as green technology is critical to the country's economic future.
"Everybody has to come to grips with the fact that we're not going to make tennis shoes anymore. We're not going to make certain low-end manufacturing products," Ryan says.
He stresses that government must support basic research and then let private companies capitalize on the research in the market. He noted that semiconductor manufacturers were recently on Capitol Hill lobbying for significant investments in research. "One of the real assets the U.S. always had was we supported that kind of cutting-edge research, partnering with industry to make it work," Ryan says. He warned against a mindset that believes "there is nothing positive that government can do" to help industry.
Admitting that members of the manufacturing caucus were split on the issue of trade, Ryan said they could agree on the need for research as well as simplifying the tax code and lowering the corporate tax rate.
Recent good news from General Motors and Chrysler are evidence that the federal bailout of these companies was good policy, he says. "We would have lost the American auto industry," he says. "I

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.194498
Retrieved Text: For more about Techonomy Detroit, including a complete archive of videos and transcripts, click here.
Karabell: I think we are going to start with something we were talking about before, which was the degree to which there’s a lot of emphasis on education and skills. We read lots of stories about industrial America now becoming a high tech job that actually can’t find sufficient people with sufficient skills. But I believe you have a somewhat different take on it than that kind of common narrative, which is we’re not training our workforce for the industrial and factory work of tomorrow, and that we need to first focus on that before we then create this vibrant, new industrial system.
Brooks: Yeah, so I want to start—who has something like this? Yeah.
Did any of you take a course at the community college on how to use this UNIX‑based machine? No.
It was designed so that you could learn how to use it yourself. It was designed on some precedence that were common in the culture. But it was designed on the idea that you would learn how to use it yourself.
I think in manufacturing, we have suffered from it being an engineering domain. Manufacturing engineers like to know how complicated their machines are, so they become more and more difficult to use. It’s about complexity and the complexity is exposed.
But what if, instead, we went like we did with consumer products, and hide the complexity, and, instead, make them easy to use so that factory floor workers can use the most

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.11431
Retrieved Text: Do you know the unique factors that affect accounting for manufacturing?
In the U.S. alone, manufacturing accounts for more than $2 trillion worth of GDP. Globally, the manufacturing industry is far bigger than that. Manufacturing is a massive industry.
Companies from different countries often coming together to meet manufacturing needs. This makes accounting especially challenging.
There are a lot of variables in manufacturing accounting that need to be considered. Whether you're in charge of the company or working in the accounting department, here are the thing to know about accounting for a manufacturing business.
At many companies, the accounting focuses on the sale of goods and services to customers. However, manufacturing is a little different, even though the goal is to produce goods to sell.
Manufacturers are building brand-new products. This means that the accounting department has to consider a variety of things.
This includes the cost of materials and equipment, as well as possible research, testing, and even design costs at some companies. Those costs have to get managed alongside the finished products' value. That way, no money gets lost in the production efforts.
Some of the things an accounting department at a manufacturing company has to think about are the same as at other companies. Others are unique to the industry. Here are the top tasks accountants have to balance in manufacturing.
Manufacturing is a process-based world. Without ways to measure and analyze processes from an accounting perspective, valuable information gets lost.
A great accounting team can see if the company is efficient using measurement tools and recommend changes accordingly.
The most basic kind

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.113209
Retrieved Text: There are many people out there who are looking for good medical devices and if you are someone who is also looking for these things, you have come to the right place today as we are going to give you some help with these things. There are many things that you might want to get for the clinic that you are opening and if you are not sure what some of the basics are, just stick around. You can go to those manufacturing companies that manufacture those medical devices that can really help the patients that you have at your medical clinics. If you are not sure what you should get, just stick around as we are going to be talking to you about these things now. We hope that you are going to learn a lot from this article and that you would enjoy it as well.
Medical devices are actually really great and if you are someone who needs those basic medical devices for your new clinic, you should really go and get them now. One really great medical device that you can get for your medical clinic is the stethoscope. You are going to need these things in your clinic as they are useful for small uses and in general checkups. If you are not sure what these stethoscopes are used for, they are actually used for listening to the insides of your body. We hope that you are really going to get these medical devices as they are really great and they can

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.103474
Retrieved Text: High research and development costs and lengthy time-to-market challenges make it difficult for pharmaceutical companies to successfully introduce new drugs to market. To expedite the process, these companies rely on a highly structured clinical trial system to collect, analyze, and categorize data about a new drug as it progresses through development, testing, and trials in the field.
Yet like a massive pipeline that's equipped with a myriad of inbound and outbound valves and conduits, the clinical trial system depends on precise timing, monitoring, and coordination efforts as well as a cataloged flow of information and materials. If just one critical step in the clinical trials process goes awry and slows or stops the pipeline, the drug manufacturer could lose tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars in potential revenue and profit. The longer it takes for a new drug to go through clinical trials, the shorter the amount of time is available to enjoy protected sales on the market before its patent expires--an industry rule of thumb pegs the opportunity cost as high as $1 million per day in lost revenues.
To help keep the new-drug pipeline flowing freely and improve time-to-market and profitability, pharmaceutical manufacturers often rely on various technologies to help connect clinical trial management with manufacturing. Among the most popular systems are those that aid collaborative communication and planning, simulation and subject compliance, clinical supplies, packaging, and manufacturing.
The clinical trial system requires the input, output, and cooperation of diverse groups, including personnel from the pharmaceutical company's medical department, biostatisticians, investigators, trial subjects, representatives of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.015093
Retrieved Text: Amid the global economic gloom, India is the only market people are trying to access, according to Apollo Tyres chairman Onkar S Kanwar.
What is your assessment of the economy? Are fundamentals in place to put India on a strong growth path?
This is the first time we have a prime minister who has really opened the door to the world. Today, there is a lot of excitement and foreigners are coming and looking at our country more seriously than ever before. If we look around, most other economies are under stress.
With commodity prices having gone down, Brazil and Africa are not doing well. With oil prices plummeting and sanctions, Russia is suffering. China is slowing down. India is in a bright spot.
The PM has initiated three programmes — Make in India, Digital India and smart cities. Apart from that, he is talking about skilling people. These are all very positive factors.
A lot of emphasis is being given on infrastructure, whether it is the railways, roads or power. If you look at FDI, there is almost 35% increase in the last 18-20 months. So I think right steps are being taken.
Time has come to see how we can harness his (PM’s) efforts. Because India has the great advantage of having a domestic market, it is the only country, the bright spot, where everyone is looking and trying to access the market.
Has the government delivered on its promise of ease of doing business and stable operating environment? Are you satisfied with the pace of reforms?
It is important for the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.986994
Retrieved Text: Having an experienced and reliable Fenton HVAC contractor by your side will help you make the most of your warranty.
A warranty on your HVAC system means that the manufacturer will repair or replace your product at no cost for a certain period of time. However, in reality, it is not as simple as it sounds. When it comes to the application of a warranty, things can be more complex than you think. So here are some important things to know about HVAC warranties.
A manufacturer’s warranty on a HVAC system will replace broken parts. The replacement parts may be for free, but the warranty does not always include installation. You will have to hire an HVAC technician and pay the service charge out-of-pocket.
Purchase an HVAC system from a reputable manufacturing company. Ask an experienced HVAC technician to help you choose a good manufacturer. Ask if their warranty includes sending a certified technician to your home. Remember, do not try to fix any problems that may be under warranty on your own. Otherwise, the manufacturer may refuse to pay for any broken parts.
If your HVAC system fails or stops working, the first thing to do is to check whether you are is still within the warranty period. Next, you need to know whether your warranty covers the type of damage to HVAC system. This requires knowing the terms of your warranty. Your HVAC company can quickly tell you whether the problem is covered or not.
The manufacturer’s warranty on your HVAC system may not be enough to provide full

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.958204
Retrieved Text: Australia is one of my favorite places in the world, particularly the city of Melbourne... and it would seem the Aussies like me too.
I have to admit, I am bemused and rather flattered by this. The idea of a Melbourne Metro Station named Winterfell tickles my fancy... though, having been to Australia numerous times, I will assert that winter never really does come down there. Highgarden, the Eyrie, Dorne, Westeros... well, some names are more apt than others, admittedly, but all of them beat Station McStationface, which I fear will be the ultimate victor, given the results of other recent Name That Thing balloting.
Myself, I think they ought to consider naming one of the stops after the late great Aussie country singer Slim Dusty: they could call it The Stop With No Beer.
(I will leave comments open here, but ONLY for discussion of Melbourne's metro stops. All off topic comments will be deleted).
I'm pretty sure those stations already exist in Westeros, having watched the latest seasons of the show.
I live in Melbourne and am frothing so much at the idea of stops that use names from your books. There was some debate about our workplace that they would have to get your permission to do it...is that true?
No, they would not need my permission.
Even if they did, I'd give it.
"The corners of her father's lips curved upward ever so slightly, giving him a look of vague bemusement."
I've never been to Australia, but I am thinking that Night King Station sounds appealing.
heh, you've not been here when

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.931837
Retrieved Text: There are necessary things for the process of manufacturing products which are of high quality. They helpful things in controlling tension and torque in a manufacturing process are Tension control products. Since Tension control products are important in the process of manufacturing, they are important to have. Prior to buying the product, you are supposed to understand more about it. The market is filled with many Tension control products. When you understand the product that you need, you can be able to locate it quickly. Information about the products can be located in many places. This article will discuss them.
Use reviews of the products. There are many Tension control products in the market hence you need review them. The products are made by many manufacturers and thus you are supposed to be aware of them. There are many reviews about the product on the internet. The reviews have been provided by the companies making them. This way, you will be able to understand the different features of the products. Also, experts that have used Tension control products provide reviews. Reviews are responsible for comparison of features. Since different products have different features, you will be able to find what you need with it.
Make use of the website of the makers. Tension control products makers have websites on the internet. They utilize them for information provision about their company and their products. It is good study about the products from the sites when you want to buy them. Since they are the owners of the Tension control

================



======= Instance Index 1651 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are less waste or more waste ):

Increased resource use generally means more waste; electronic waste from developed nations is a growing problem in the developing world.


If people use a little bit of energy they create less waste or more waste?

Target Text: less waste

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.1478
Retrieved Text: The reason that solar panels is so popular today is that the sun is an endless source of energy that we can rely upon. The sun is estimated by scientists last for billions of years, clearly showing this energy source is trustworthy. With the help of solar panels, everyone can now enjoy the benefits of this cheap form of energy, especially since most areas provide tax incentives and rebates to people who switch to clean energy. You should be wondering by now how these solar panels work? Well, read on to find out.
Using a solar panel system means you will be self reliant for your power, so you won’t need to rely on the public power grid, which is an excellent benefit. This means that you may be able to drastically cut your electricity bills, but at the very least you’ll be able to cut them down a bit. You can also earn some cash as in many areas the government will purchase any additional energy you create. Installing a solar panel system will enable you to make big savings, regardless of whether this scheme operates in your area or not. You should consider having your solar cells available in order to create your homemade solar panel by putting them all together in the box or container of your choice to create your solar panel. Ebay is a good place to look for inexpensive cells against popular belief that they might be difficult to locate. However, don’t make the mistake of buying cells simply because they

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.064201
Retrieved Text: Electricity is a utility that we take for granted. There are a lot of places around the world that don’t have good electrical infrastructures and the fact that we only lose power during natural disasters is actually pretty awesome. That said, electricity can also be expensive. Here are some easy hacks to help you save money on energy price comparison.
Your windows can be the bane of your existence. During the summer, the heat will come in almost unimpeded and in the winter, the cold will do the same thing. You can fix this! You can create your own plastic window covers or simply use blankets or other items in your house to cover them up. It won’t let as much sunlight in but it will help keep the heat and cold out. These can help save you money on your electricity bill and gas bill because your heating and cooling won’t have to work so hard to keep your house at a comfortable temperature. Another good idea is the draft stopper.
When you open your freezer, all the freezing cold air is going to come out. That means when you close it the freezer has to produce more and that can get expensive over time. A way to prevent this is to pack your freezer full of stuff. You can do things like bags of ice or even newspaper if you have it laying around. When your freezer is packed, it keeps the cold air in. That means your freezer works less and uses less electricity.
There really

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.912033
Retrieved Text: Save Hundreds of Dollars in Utility Bills, Fuel and Ongoing Maintenance Costs With Solar Generators!
Download FREE eBook guide and learn everything about solar generators and solar energy!
Over the past 10 years or so, companies have been showing interest in solar energy. And it makes sense, too. The sun gives off enough energy in one day, everyone on the planet would have power for the entire year. Just imagine what that could mean for people who do not have power! Pretty amazing, right?
The problem is, people don’t really understand how solar power can help change our lives. With that said, is it possible that solar generators could eliminate the need for fuel generators all together? Eh, let’s have a look and compare the two to see how they stack up against one another.
Unlike fuel, solar energy is free and in ample supply. The sun comes up every day, so why not use the energy it provides us? When you install solar panels, they will be costly at first, but in the following years, they will harness much of the sun’s power that you won’t have to pay for electricity in the future.
Fuel generators are able to create electricity faster, this is true. However, they require more fuel to get started, which without fuel, they’re nothing more than a heap of metal. With a solar generator, it’s useful in any condition, although it may take a little bit longer than fuel. We also want to point out that fuel generators create a lot of pollution, which is something

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.773087
Retrieved Text: Tips to Save Money on Electricity!
Reducing electricity usage is a great way to save money on your electric bills and help out the environment. Whether your goal is green living or a better budget, check out some of these tips for saving electricity.
A good deal of electricity is devoted towards heating and cooling your home, especially if you have an electric furnace. Make sure that your home is properly insulated to prevent air leaks and make temperature regulation more efficient. If you have a fireplace damper, be sure to keep it closed when not in use.
Energy efficient light bulbs are another good way to cut back on energy usage. Compact florescent bulbs or LED lights last longer and use less energy than traditional ones. Also, installing dimmer switches and motion sensors is a good way to reduce electricity consumption. If that isn’t feasible, simply shutting off the lights whenever you leave the room can help you cut back a little bit.
Using lower settings on your appliances can also save energy. Don’t turn the water heater all the way up if you aren’t using 140-degree water on a regular basis. Setting your AC warmer in the summer time and your furnace cooler in the winter also helps save electricity, as does raising your refrigerator temperature a little bit.
This is only a partial list out of hundreds of potential techniques for saving electricity. Whether you want to preserve our environment or simply save a little cash, there are many different ways you can reduce energy use.
Saving Electricity with

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.684525
Retrieved Text: Technology is a huge part of everyone’s day to day life. Technology has changed the way a lot of people lead their lives, and for many people, going even a day without technology would be very stressful. Even though technology may seem to make everyone’s lives better, there are some downfalls to being a technology dependent society.
Technology can use a lot of valuable energy in the process. This energy is a resource that is not easily renewed. Additionally, some technology use can create excessive waste that is difficult to dispose of. Here are some eco-friendly ways to use technology that can help everyone use less energy and create less waste.
The best way to use less energy, of course, is to turn off all of those things that are using energy throughout the day. Many people will leave there electronics plugged in or turned on throughout the day, but if they are not in use, everyone should shut it down and unplug it to save energy. This is a simple task that takes little to no extra time every day.
There are a lot of people who use their technology on and off throughout the day. For these people, turning off and unplugging may not be a practical option. Screen savers allow people to save energy while still keeping their electronics on throughout the day. Many local Direct TV services will provide screen savers for TVs and other electronics that may not be in full use throughout the day.
Solar panels may still seem like a futuristic gadget that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.260601
Retrieved Text: WorldChanging has an article called "Getting Closer to a Fuel Cell Future" about advances in hydrogen fuel cell technology.
It's something of an assumption of many bright green types that the personal transportation of the near future will run on hydrogen fuel cells. After all, hydrogen can be cracked from water using little more than electricity (from renewable sources, ideally), and the fuel cell process results in little more than water as waste (again, ideally). While the chemistry of hydrogen production and use has proven a bit more complex than hoped, the real stumbling blocks to a move to a hydrogen fuel cell world have been the capabilities of the hydrogen and fuel cell systems themselves. Hydrogen is tough to store in sufficient quantities for travel, making range a problem; furthermore, the fuel cells themselves are expensive and often quite delicate, unable to operate under moderately adverse environmental conditions.
Two recent developments might bring the fuel cell future a bit closer, however.
They discuss a new spinoff from the University of Queensland called Hydrexia which will manufacture a hydrogen storage medium using magnesium alloys with a sponge-like nanostructure.
The possibility of a Hydrogen fuel cell based economy generally seems to get dismissed out of hand in peak oil circles, based on a number of arguments.
The first argument, ("hydrogen is an energy carrier, not an energy source"), is that you need to generate the energy to create the hydrogen somehow (which is problematic if energy becomes scarcer) and that this process is wasteful as there are losses at each stage of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.182232
Retrieved Text: I'm a mom to 2 teens, wife, an entrepreneur, Life Coach, Reiki Master, friend, sister, daughter, dog owner, volunteer, family scheduler, carpool, nurse, vet, cook, etc... and I'm not ready to give up my free time to work out (yet).
Something tells me your life is pretty similar.
I started thinking and feeling instead of just accepting. I listened to how people were saying things not what they were saying. Noticed how I wanted to feel versus how I felt. But I think the biggest part was when I stopped living out of habit.
When it's a good day and have energy, I can see opportunities; I have TONS of patience and feel the natural give and take of the day.
However, if something interrupts my world I immediately become a hard-core victim with no energy at all. It takes me a bit to climb the latter, assess the situation to arrive in the land of opportunity again.
Take for instance this morning. I had insomnia last night and needed to get up early today. In the past, this would have put me in a pretty crumby mood all day, and rightly so. Knowing this, and knowing I don't like feeling that way I was able to create a different path. - I'm still tired, but I'm not angry or playing the victim. - Why because I'm choosing not to!
I've decided to see this an opportunity to go a little slower and take care of projects in a different order than before. And you know what! It turned out to be

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.103464
Retrieved Text: 2020: About 20-30% of the world population will experience water scarcity.
2030: 40% of the world will face a water deficit if the current water usage continues.
2040: There won’t be enough water in the world to quench everyone’s thirst if nothing is done to address water and energy issues.
Will people just twiddle their thumbs and do nothing to stop this?
wasteful water consumption and environmentally unsound practices.
Even if you are not working on energy-efficient cars or cutting-edge water-saving technology, you can still do your share in ensuring that everyone will still have enough water not only for this lifetime, but for generations to come.
It is not even a question of why this should be done. It is imperative for all to work together to save the planet. It doesn’t matter where you are right now; if everyone continues doing business as usual, then one day, people will wake up parched and find that there is no more water to drink.
Even in your little corner of the world, you can take part in this global call to conserve water. And you can start in your own home.
Two things that make the most use of water in residences are toilets and showers. Even water heaters consume nearly 17 percent of a home’s energy use. With the water and energy crisis looming above everyone’s heads, people should really be mindful of how they can save on water and energy costs, for the general welfare of the world.
The way people use bathrooms also accounts for energy and water wastage. Habits like turning

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.099422
Retrieved Text: Though the benefits of yoga are well-known, the fundamental purpose of yoga is often overlooked by many modern practitioners. Sadhguru reminds us that far beyond merely bending the body, the science of yoga provides the ultimate tool for enhancing human capabilities and functioning at the highest peak of body and mind.
Q: Sadhguru, I have heard you say that yoga is the Ultimate Expression. What is that?
Sadhguru: When we say “yoga,” for most people it probably means twisting the body into impossible postures. That’s not what yoga is about. Among the Yoga Sutras, which form the bedrock of today’s yoga, only one sutra is dedicated to asanas. All Patanjali said was “Sthiram sukham asanam” – a posture which is comfortable and firm, that is your asana. Asanas are a very preparatory step, but unfortunately they are being propagated as the whole of yoga. Yoga means to be in perfect tune. Your body, mind and spirit and the existence are in absolute harmony. When you fine-tune yourself to a point where everything functions so beautifully within you, the best of your abilities will naturally flow out of you.
Have you noticed, just a little happiness can liberate you from your usual limitations of energy and capability. When you are happy, your energies always function better. You seem to have endless energy. It doesn’t matter even if you do not eat or sleep, you can go on and on. If a little happiness can do this to you, imagine if your body and mind were functioning in a completely different

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.020771
Retrieved Text: Florida is blessed with a beautiful climate, and as a result, it makes sense to make the most of the garden space that you have. So many people don’t maximize on the potential of their outdoor area, little realizing that with a bit of planning and work, their garden could effectively be used as a whole extra room for their houses!
Firstly, before you start making any plans, think about how you want to use the area. Is relaxation important to you? Do you want a zone where the kids can burn off some energy? Do you want to create an inspirational area, where you can spend time writing, painting or thinking about life in general?
Make a list of everything you want your garden to achieve for you, as this will help your garden landscaper create a plan that works in with your requirements.
Form, Function and Fantastic Aesthetic Appeal!
It’s important to think practically. For example, if you dry your clothes outdoors, you’ll need an area where you can still do this with ease, preferably close to the house. If you need space to put play equipment, make sure this is in the designs too!
Then, start to think about the fun stuff. If outdoor dining is important to you, consider how you could create a beautiful outdoor dining area, complete with shade from the sun and surrounded by vibrant flowers. If you love relaxing in the sun, you could create a private area at the top of the garden, surrounded by palms and pretty foliage.
Don’t be afraid to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.959618
Retrieved Text: Your chakras are the most influential part of your energy field. They are your energetic microphones and loudspeakers to your world. They create a lot of havoc in your life if they are twisted just a little bit or they are poorly aligned and balanced. When you watch this video your chakras receive a complete overhaul.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.710344
Retrieved Text: On the other hand, you may consider hiring a web designer who will create an attractive website suitable for your products or services. Same as internet, valoro people use various ways like news feeds, banners, flashing ads, single most important thing you can do to increase your search engine rankings. Advertisers - Advertisers are the ones who buy http://morrow7017wi.cesblogs.com/now-im-not-recommending-that-you-spin-the-same-article-hundreds-of-times-and-spam-article-directories-with-unreadable-content the and the site owners which help generate sales and high profit of the business. Cost: Google keyword tool, Firefox and SEO toolbox are free, subscription to or business heard about, now FaceBook and Twitter are becoming prime areas where people spread the news about different companies. Putting money into an internet marketing business is like putting money in a slot machine and expecting to win and only then send them emails if they agree to receive them only. Requirements for revisions can add even further holds up unwanted items that may be of use for someone else.
However, what you might not know is that these sites can be a massive influence on the relevance to its placemetn into a specific category. - Bandwidth is determined to be the capacity that a server will have in your time and energy; you can't get that time back. Viral Marketing - Viral Marketing is the term given to word of that you will you to portray the knowledge that your are sharing. Establishing an epresence is an important part of the modern business marketing plan today because it by various website owners and webmasters for various advantages and facilities.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.55969
Retrieved Text: Turn your thermostat down, Dave. A new program in England looks at your energy use and then offers you suggestions on how to reduce it to save money (and emissions).
Houses and other dwellings account for nearly a third of all the energy used in the United Kingdom (in the U.S. it’s a bit lower). That takes a toll on the climate and on people’s wallets. What’s worse is that much of that energy is wasted because residents don’t see an immediate connection between the thermostat, for example, and the utility bill.
In the multi-year IDEAL project, launching in 2013, Goddard and his colleagues will outfit hundreds of British homes with relatively inexpensive sensors that monitor temperature, humidity, and light levels, as well as gas and electricity use, and wirelessly report their readings every minute. Using machine learning techniques, Goddard and his team will be able to analyze that noisy data to infer what people are actually doing–cooking or taking a shower, for example.
Then they’ll use another cutting-edge technology–natural language synthesis–to generate automatic text messages that give people feedback about their energy use. A text message might read, “Last week you spent £10 on hot water for showers, if you reduced your average shower time from 15 minutes to 12 minutes you could save £100 per year.” Over time, they can tweak the kinds of messages they send to make them as effective as possible.
The money saved with an energy reduction of 20% could pay for the roughly $800 sensor set within as little as two or three

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.461224
Retrieved Text: Every day, many people waste tons of energy, while using many things in their home. Whether it's through simple appliances or water usage, people waste energy at home, rather than using green energy. Here is a bit of advice that will help you make use of green energy in your own Albuquerque home.
If you're considering switching to green energy sources, the easiest thing you can do is call up your current Albuquerque electric provider and see if the offer green energy. Many electric companies offer these power sources to their customers. They may cost a bit more, however, to offset the amount of money they would've had to invest in the sources.
To make your Albuquerque home more energy efficient on a tight budget, write up a green improvement plan. Knowing what you want to upgrade or change will give you a check-list and help you to break your efforts down into more attainable short-term goals. Every week, check the flyers for Albuquerque home improvement stores to see if any of the necessary supplies are going on sale.
Keeping your windows shaded to keep sunlight out of the house will greatly conserve energy. Closing your blinds and curtains will keep out the sun in summer and keep heat from escaping in winter. Keeping your home cool in the summer means you will not be tempted to use the air conditioning as much. You will save energy, as well as money.
For the sake of the future of the earth, people should not be wasteful when it comes to energy.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.386461
Retrieved Text: How to Create Powerful Chi Energy?
Who doesn’t want to create powerful energy? Or if you think you already have that powerful energy, wouldn’t you want to create MORE powerful energy?
I bet no one will refuse that amazing chance!
Whenever we’re dealing with positive energy, it is always a must to be remembered that it has something to do with physical, mental and spiritual energy.
However there are concepts that are to be understood in order to really take your energy to the highest level.
A person who wants to develop a positive and powerful energy must believe that he or she can have the dynamic energy that can possible be achieved.
A common problem why some people fail to have that kind of energy or takes more time to have accomplished such energy is that they lack the belief in themselves – thus weakening their faith to learn and develop energy!
They can do it perfectly because they believe they haven’t been through life long enough to realize that not everything works which is fantastic.
The best time to start training for creating powerful energyis the earlier you can. However, one advantage of this training is that it can really works for anybody, whether a teen-ager, an adult or even a person in their fifties or sixties or more.
Younger people are easier to persuade and influence not because they are young, but because they are those who are actively searching for new things, new adventures, and self-improvement.
So, why do you need the belief factor? Since we are studying chi, which is an

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.353884
Retrieved Text: Metabolism might be the least understood and most misused health topics that exists. By misused, I mean that many people blame their “slow” metabolism for being overweight, or a “fast” metabolism for being skinny. While there are some genetic factors involved, these kind of statements about the metabolism couldn’t be further from the truth.
Your metabolism is primarily based on the amount of Fat Free Mass (FFM) you have. This only differs slightly from Lean Body Mass (LBM) in that LBM also includes some essential fat that is mostly around and in your organs.
If you have had a an accurate body composition test done then your Basal Metabolic Rate with be an amount closely related to the amount of your Lean Body Mass percentage. Basically this means that the more muscle mass you have the higher your metabolic rate will be in relation to someone your same weight, height, and gender.
Before we move ahead let’s go back and examine what your metabolism really is, before we worry how high or low it is, and if you can change it.
The majority of your metabolism revolves around simply staying alive. Your organs use up anywhere from 60-75% of the daily energy you consume. Men generally have bigger organs than women which accounts for their slightly higher metabolic rate. That and the fact that men generally carry more muscle mass than woman. Your body also has to stay within an optimal temperature range to function well. These factors make up the vast majority of what we call a metabolic rate.
When

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.314377
Retrieved Text: We are in a moment of dualities with this New Moon in Gemini. You will likely feel the extremes - either lots of joy, lightness and gratitude, or the difficulty, loneliness, isolation that come with this moon. There is always a void created with a New Moon - and the void can be both exciting because it is full of possibility, or it can feel quite lonely and maybe at times a little scary. Chances are if you have been doing the work with Saturn and Pluto's retrogrades you might be swinging more towards the lightness that this moon brings. If there is still stuff to work through this moon will create space for it to surface (especially in the evening hours).
Geminis can be very smart, using their air energy and intelligent brains to connect the dots. Use this energy and ask what your soul is trying to show you right now? See if you can make the links and create an opening for yourself to make different choices that allow for a breakthrough with that clarity.
Geminis rule the most flexible and mutable parts of the body: the arms and hands, the lungs, and nervous system. This allows them to move from one energy to the next with a lot of ease, and sometimes at the blink of an eye (this is why it sometimes feels like you are with two different people when you are with a Gemini - and if they aren't an evolved and aware Gemini then they will have no idea they

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.256866
Retrieved Text: The movie “Date Night” was only #2 at the box office on its opening weekend, but it still seems to be getting quite a bit of press. Is there anything we can learn from “Date Night” about relationships? I think so – but maybe I am stretching it a bit.
“Date Night” tells the story of a couple who has fallen into an all too predictable routine and seem to have lost their energy for romance and connection. They steal a dinner reservation on their weekly date night and the ensuing case of mistaken identity leads them into a night of excitement and danger.
Many couples know the importance of carving out time for them as a couple and schedule a regular date night. Sometimes the date night can become just another part of the routine. I was recently told by a couple they have a date night every week, but it generally turns out to be a discussion of the kids’ schedules over dinner at some restaurant.
Some types of activities create more of a sense of connection than others. It would be good to keep that in mind when planning dates. Interestingly enough, shared activities that are scary or create a bit of anxiety tend to help people feel more connected to each other. We can assume Phil and Claire from “Date Night” feel quite a bit more connected at the end of their date. I’m not suggesting you try and create an interaction with some criminals on your date night, but you might try a new

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.206797
Retrieved Text: It will always be great to save energy because you can handle your finances better if you do this. If you can considerably decrease your monthly bills, you can conserve more money over time. These guidelines will help you achieve this.
The easiest approach to conserve energy is to make of natural lighting during the day instead of using your artificial lighting. You can your artificial lighting at night, but make sure that you let the all-natural light enter your house during the day.
In case you are not yet utilizing your home appliances, make sure that they are unplugged as they will still up energy when they're plugged. This is the common mistake of property owners so if you would like to preserve energy and reduce your regular bills, unplug your home appliances.
We are always requesting low-cost electricity, especially the individuals in Houston, TX because the cost of electricity is constantly escalating. They already declared that the price of electricity will probably be higher, but those price increases will be a bit less compared to previous months.
You must try to alternative energy sources along with your existing energy source. Fundamentally, you can't rely entirely on alternative energy options right this moment to provide the energy requirements of your family.
You can try looking at these renewable power sources as a kind of alternate to lessen your regular bills. You can try utilizing them the entire night and gather energy during day time.
A lot of people have been complaining because of the high monthly electricity bills. This could be

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.203796
Retrieved Text: Shi Yan immediately urged negative energy of the acupuncture points in his entire body, creating a pale membrane enveloping his body.
His eyes turned blood red instantly. A brutal, wild, and malicious aura diffused quietly from his body, raising his imposing aura to another high level.
The sharp claws of the Silver-armored Tigon King tore the wind. Its ten-meters long body jumped like a ma.s.sive mountain, pressing down on Shi Yan and giving forth a strong intimidating.
"Seven Stars Change the Moon!"
Shi Yan thundered. The Star Martial Spirit in front of his chest radiated a dazzling light. Numerous stars gathered into seven ma.s.sive star cl.u.s.ters.
The seven star cl.u.s.ters were as bright as blazing diamonds, with torrentially surging energy. They rotated and then moved in the trajectory of the Northern Stars.
The Silver-armored Tigon King roared, storming towards the center of the seven ma.s.sive star cl.u.s.ters. It twisted its body in the air and then pressed down.
A furious energy wave exploded from inside the Seven Cl.u.s.ters. The Seven Northen Stars released formidable energy waves like the strongest dynamite, as starlight shot out at max speed.
Silver scales on the Silver-armored Tigon King's body shook. The starlight that had just fallen got through the scales to intrude the tigon's body and then its soul.
The Silver-armored Tigon King's giant body disappeared into so many beams of starlight, which looked extremely strange.
When the Silver-armored Tigon King reappeared, it fell around one thousand meters behind Shi Yan. It then heavily impacted the ground, digging up a large and deep hole. Pieces of rock scattered everywhere, with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.189037
Retrieved Text: I really liked this article from Australia’s Herald Sun yesterday, about the relationship between money and happiness. As you’d expect from that part of the world, it gets straight to the point; over a certain amount, money doesn’t make you happier.
The article suggests that what people who work hard really want is more time, and advises that the way to create more time is to ‘outsource’ all the jobs that someone else can do for you more cheaply than you can do them yourself. OK, that’s logical to me so far. But then it goes on to say that you should use the extra time you’ve created through outsourcing to “focus all your energy on bringing home the bacon…..After you’ve hit the economics of enough, money has little use, other than as a tool to allow you the economic advantage of creating the life you want with the limited time you have left”.
Hmmm? Run that one by me again?
Surely if time is so precious the last thing you want to be spending it doing is more work? Unless, of course, you’re absolutely passionate about your work, and have the kind of job that you’d do even if you weren’t paid at all. Which is really my point – wouldn’t it be better to find a job that you enjoy doing, where you can use your strengths every day, and which brings out the best in you? It might sound a bit pie-in-the-sky, but it’s perfectly possible for the vast majority of people to achieve this with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.161348
Retrieved Text: Carbon Infrared Sauna Heaters - More Efficient?
There's a good chance you've already looked into carbon infrared sauna heaters, at least a little bit. That means you've probably seen or heard that carbon heaters offer more benefits than ceramic and other types of heaters.
An infrared sauna sales person might have mentioned that his or her company's saunas are "better" than the competition's because they use carbon heaters instead of ceramic. Or, you might have read something discussing the advantages of carbon infrared sauna heaters on the Internet - maybe on one of the websites that's operated by an infrared sauna company. There's so many of them, it wouldn't be surprising if you stumbled onto one.
Well, it's only natural that the companies that make or sell carbon heater saunas are going to tell you that carbon heaters are better than their ceramic counterparts. But is this claim actually true? If you talk to some sales people or do some reading about infrared saunas with ceramic heaters, you'll see and hear the same type of thing - that ceramic infrared sauna heaters are actually the better choice. So, how is a consumer supposed to make a wise decision when faced with these conflicting claims? There's no doubt that finding your way to the truth can be difficult when you're hearing different marketing messages and you're given conflicting information.
One of my goals for this website is to give my readers a place to find honest, objective information about infrared saunas. By doing so, I hope to help people make better-informed

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.1579
Retrieved Text: Over the last few years a lot of people have become very concerned about air conditioning. The problem is mainly the amount of energy that they use. However there are other problems as well like the use of freon to cool the air and the environmental damage that can cause. As a result a lot of people are looking for alternatives, one of those is energy-efficient house fans.
In recent years the cost of electricity has gone up pretty dramatically because of a shortage of capacity to generate it. Since it looks unlikely that new power plants are going to be built anytime soon a lot of effort is now being put into reducing the amount of electricity that we use. One of the biggest users of electricity in most homes is the air conditioner. Clearly this is something that you need if you live in an area where it gets hot during the summer. The problem is that they use a lot of electricity making them very expensive to operate. Fortunately a new option has appeared to replace the air conditioner, these are whole house fans.
Whole house fans are not fans in the way that you traditionally think of fans. They are not the little things that you put in your living room on hot days. Rather it is a fan that is permanently installed in your attic. It will cool the entire house by drawing cool air in through the windows and ventilating it out through the attic. This allows you to cool the house

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.110687
Retrieved Text: Frank Spillers wants you to create a classroom environment where people (children, administrators, educators) can be engaged: Be WUCA to yourself and the people you work with.
Read below for a full transcript.
Hi, I’m Ron Spreeuwenberg, co-founder and CEO of HiMama. Welcome to our podcast about all things “early-childhood education”.
Hi, Frank, welcome to the Preschool Podcast.
Well thank you, Ron, it’s good to be here.
So Frank, you’re a cultural transition and relationship economic development expert, and you’ve started your own organization called Global Horizons. Tell us a little bit about why you started Global Horizons and what it is.
Global Horizons is a company that my wife and I run from our home, actually, in rural Iowa in the United States. And it’s based upon, “How do we create civility around the world?” My background is, for more than 30 years I’ve been in the rural community and economic development, helping rural communities survive. And based upon that it’s, “How do we create a great workforce? How do we create great citizens? And how do we create great employees that actually get along with your neighbor? Who’s your neighbor?” And that’s everybody from around the world.
And the reason why relationships are so important to us is that… I was a single father – I raised two children. I had a very domineering mother who, back in the 50’s and 60’s her mainstay of keeping me in line was, “I don’t care if you love me or not, but by God you will respect me.” And [there] was very much

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.057116
Retrieved Text: Upcycling furniture is a great way to spend an evening. Forget trawling the stores for new designs and pieces to make your home unique, create your own custom made upcycled furniture.
With a little bit of elbow grease, a dash of love and some inspiration, you can transform the energy, look and feel of your home. Make your home a representation of your soul, when some one new enters your home they will get a feel of your personality.
1. Ladder. Use a ladder as a towel rail, paint with distressed finish to create a country living feel.
2. Old Books. Create shelves with old books, add wooden bracket to each book and arrange vertically on wall. Screw book to bracket to secure and stabilize.
3. Suitcases. Gather up old suitcases, fill with cushions, add legs and use as seats.
4. Magazines. Layer old books or magazines, bind together with belt or ribbons, add cushion to use as stools.
5. Upcycle Volkswagan Beetle. Saw old Beetle car in half (you might need some help with this project) use the front half in the garden as a barbeque.
6. Filling Cabinets. Wallpaper filling cabinets and book shelves.
8. Bedroom Furniture. Create headboards with old doors.
9. Paint and Fabric. Covering pieces of furniture with fabric, paint, wall paper will quickly transform the look of the piece.
10. Suitcases. Use suitcases as drawers in a book shelf.
11. Pallets. Pallets used as coffee tables.
12. Toys. Use as garden ornaments.
13. Beer Bottles and/or Jars. Use beer bottles to create a bookshelves. Stack beer bottles or glass jars, place glass shelf

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.047745
Retrieved Text: What little kid (and big kid) hasn’t imagined becoming a real-life superhero and with this ingenious creation, worthy of coming straight from Stark Industries, you can make all their dreams come true. Start your superhero training with your favourite Marvel Avenger, Iron Man, Black Panther and Shuri, or Ant-Man and the Wasp, and use block coding and STEAM skills to become a new Avenger, by building and controlling your unique super powers. Code your own individual hero icon on the LED Matrix Bit and customise the high-tech hero gear using a smart device, unleashing their imagination and creative talents to save the world. What will they need to beat the evil villains threatening Earth? Night vision to see in the dark? Speed tracking to test their super human speed?
We opted for the Iron Man arm and it really looks like a serious piece of superhero kit, just like from the movie series, that would impress any child. Using the step-by-step instructions on the app, we added various electronic building blocks (there are nine in total) such as the sound effect Bit to play various very authentic Iron Man repulsor blaster noises, the button Bit to create a dazzling light display of colour across the LED matrix Bit hand mount which sits at the top of the gauntlet and the Bluetooth low energy Bit to connect our circuit to our smart device. There are over 18 activities to try out via the Marvel comic-style app which is great fun to use. Our favourites were using the clever

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.038347
Retrieved Text: Quite a few individuals have been attempting to complain because of the large power bills monthly. Well, this is the truth that you need to take into account in case you are residing in Texas because according to reports, the cost of energy will increase, even though any price increase will probably be less when compared with previous times. It might appear like good news to other people, but it doesn't mean that you could simply sit around and allow the energy businesses drain your money.
Electricity prices in Texas often range in price from 5.92 to 15.52 cents a kilowatt hour contingent upon current market condition and where the property is located.
You need to try switching your lights if you are still making use of incandescent bulbs. These bulbs release almost 98 percent of their consumed energy into heat so CFL or LED bulbs are more power efficient.
In case you are not yet using your appliances, make sure that they are unplugged since they will still consume energy when they're plugged. It is the common mistake of homeowners so if you would like to save energy and decrease your regular bills, unplug your appliances.
Always unplug your appliances when they're not in use since they are still consuming energy when they are turned off. It is something that you should not do. Many homeowners make errors pertaining to this so unplug your home appliances when not in use.
Many individuals are actually disregarding lighting since they think that their bills are not really impacted by these little light

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.008451
Retrieved Text: Regarding the Star Trek holodeck, the trek universe has always been a bit vague when it comes to the holodeck. I've seen every Next Generation episode and they refer to "holo-matter" and such. They imply that the creations on the holodeck are not just holograms (i.e. not just photons), but are, in fact, a mix of photons and energy and matter (utilizing a little bit of transporter technology).
This explains why the holodeck is able to do some weird things. For instance, in the episode "A Matter of Perspective", they create a holographic recreation of a converter device which actually ends up converting energy pulses into Kreiger radiation. In other words, the holodeck recreation functioned just as the real thing would in the real universe. Essentially the converter was just a complex series of mirrors and reflective coils, but they were "real" enough for the physics to work. So, clearly, the holodeck actually does create matter, in some fashion. But you're right, you can't take this "holomatter" off of the holodeck. Almost like it's energy and matter held in a certain shape by the holodeck emitters. It acts just like real matter as long as its in the holodeck.
But they've never been absolutely clear on what holomatter is... at least not in Next Gen. Maybe they clarified it in a later series or book.
Interesting if a low tech society had a magical version of a holodeck... I could see all kinds of story ideas with that.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.993742
Retrieved Text: Quite a few people don't really care about lighting as they believe that your light bulbs will not really consume lots of energy. Lights can have a huge effect on your monthly bills since they can consume lots of energy if they are used often. In case you are currently utilizing incandescent bulbs, you have to replace them with LED bulbs or CFL.
There are occasions when low cost electricity is really hard to come by because almost everything around us is already run by electricity. Nonetheless, you must do something about this because if you stayed like that, the electric firms will drain your money. Several reports already stated that Texas will experience an increase in energy prices. It is a tad slower compared to previous times. It is still a major problem for a lot of folks because the fact that there will probably be an increase in prices is already a large deal. It's great that there are lots of ways on how you can lower your monthly bills. You can make an effort to check a number of easy suggestions to make sure that your monthly bills will likely be a little lower.
You can also try the easiest way to do it. Try utilizing all-natural light throughout the day and your artificial lighting at night. You can your artificial lighting at night, but make sure that you allow the all-natural light enter your home during the day.
You must try making use of your existing energy source together with renewable energy sources. Essentially, you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.975063
Retrieved Text: It kind of drives me crazy that we all go a bit insane when a celebrity couple breaks up. We shake our heads, as our belief is reinforced that these beautiful people have an extraordinarily tough time making marriage work. Well, guess what? Celebrities do not break up any more often than your neighbor down the street, or the woman who gives you an excellent facial, or the guy who serves you your vanilla latte.
The national divorce rate is currently around 40%. Yes, that statistic includes celebrities.
I have to admit I am absolutely guilty of this behavior in the past. Full confession: I even used to write these sorts of headlines at my last job (and that is partly why I left!). So this is not about blame, but change and refocusing our thinking to a more positive place.
Maybe we should use our energy educating ourselves about what makes marriages and relationships successful, and what causes them to fail.
I don’t want to be too self-promotional, but I do feel I have to mention that eHarmony’s divorce rate is 3.8%. I feel this is because a great amount of time, research and energy goes into every match we create. We bring people together who share deep compatibility in many important areas. The thinking here (in case you don’t know) is that two people who share the same values, outlooks, interests, intelligence, energy levels, passions, etc., are going to understand and “get” each other far better — and the relationship will be much more symbiotic.
When I first came

================



======= Instance Index 2021 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are live there or die ):

Low food supply or a lack of space can lower birth rates, increase death rates, or lead to emigration.


If there is more food in a place then more people will live there or die?

Target Text: live there

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.196556
Retrieved Text: Worth the drive says Great service! Great food! Great atmosphere! Taste of Darwell a must try.
Great service! Great food! Great atmosphere! Taste of Darwell a must try.
Food was good, but wouldn't go there again. Young kids were cooking when we went there, not the guy in the video. Went to 6 places from DDD and this was the most expensive of them all. For the amount of money should get more food.
Darwell is my hero. I worked on the MS Gulf Coast as part of the Katrina recovery effort. Darwell's was one of the first places to open back up after the storm. Their good food, atmosphere and fantastic attitude kept us going. I've been back several times since then and the food is still over the top and the music and atmosphere can't be beat.
Great food! Great service! Great music! Awesome place!!!!!!
What a great place !!! The Prime Rib Sandwhich is the BEST anywhere. Have been there 4 times and will go back everytime we are in Mississippi. This is definitely a "don't miss" !!!!
Very good food. Very friendly. Shrimp and pulled pork great. Baked beans, baked potato salad different. Interesting flavors, not the ordinary tastes. If you are nearby, go. It is worth more than one visit. Take your own booze. They do not serve any. No fried food. Hard to find. Keep going if you Google Map.
Awesome! Everything is great! Love the place, the people, and tyhe atmosphere!
Wonderful food and welcoming people! We ate a variety of menu items and all were delicious!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.19376
Retrieved Text: Choosing the Most Ideal Mexican Restaurants People love eating spicy food and that is why they frequent Mexican restaurants very often these days, not to mention, these establishments serve the best spicy dishes money can buy. However, there are also a ton of restaurants to choose from and that is why you really need to be careful with your choice and consider all the factors which are essential to the venture. You will surely be able to get the ideal advice from people who always frequent these places. A lot of your closest friends probably frequent these places as well so it would be a good idea to ask them for recommendations. There are places which you should try as soon as possible and those which you should leave alone under all circumstances. People love spicy food but that doesn’t mean they will just eat any dish just because it’s spicy. Of course, when you have the best food around then you will have no need to worry about having any second thoughts of sampling it because you surely won’t. Of course, it’s quality over everything else and that is what you need to look for when choosing Mexican food.
You will surely be able to make decision a lot sooner when you check out all the advertisements on the various restaurants on paper as well as on television, it will help you make the ideal choice in the end. You can base you decision on the fact that a particular restaurant is being highly regarded for

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.984894
Retrieved Text: kolapohari food is very fine tasty spices, but not famous because people from that place are very small mind people, they done leave there place, so how food will goo around the world.
This is not what the original recipe is..
How to make dry kolhapuri masala..? please show in video.. it’s n request..
The finest mutton I ever ate was in Kolhapur.
Its not just about the recipe or the masalas, it more to do with the quality of meat. The goats are raised on actual free range farms who are fed the natural food, and then you obviously get the best meat.
You got to try it, if you are a meat lover.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.789726
Retrieved Text: Hip, and newly renovated place in the heart of Los Angeles. New appliances, furniture, luxury textiles, and more. The apartment is very spacious, has a chef's kitchen, and the apartment is on Alfred which is a story book street crossing the wonderful Melrose Place. We have 2 parking spots and there is 1 parking permit and there is plenty of street parking. For an additional fee there is a drive way for cargo vans and small grip trucks.
Pets and food welcome, please let us know if you will be shooting with more then 15 people. There will be two keys left for our guests. Please leave one under mat when you check out. ONLY lock top lock anytime while locking the door. Parking: We will provide 2 parking spots and guest permit if needed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.659266
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for highly exceptional and unique experience to your beer tasting then you should definitely visit Augustino Brewing company. Augustino Brewing company offers a wide selection of beers that you can choose from. All of the beers are handcrafted and brewed to perfection. You will not be disappointed with the quality of beer they have to offer to you. If you are wondering where are Wichita brewpubs then the answer is quite simple. You can visit Augustino Brewing company and you will never ask this question again. To learn more about Augustino Brewing company and to talk to a representative regarding the services they have to offer to you please give them a call at 316-721-5554.
There is no other place like Augustino Brewing company if you want to have some quality time with your friends and family members. This place is quite amazing. The set of is so different and unique. The environment is very friendly. The aroma of this place is quite amazing. You will not be disappointed with the customer service experience they have to offer to you. If you are looking for the best brewing company in Wichita then you should look no further than Augustino Brewing company. Bring your friends and family members to Augustino Brewing company and they will definitely love this place. We guarantee you will have a very good time when you visit Augustino Brewing company.
The quality of food provided by Augustino Brewing company is very amazing. If you are looking for a brewing company that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.57609
Retrieved Text: You do not have to waste time visiting other places when you have not visited Houston yet, there is so much life in the city and the people are welcoming. The point of having the best trip to Houston is the place where you can blend in with the locals and there are various restaurants that will blow you away. There are various sceneries you can enjoy like the City Centre where you get a lot of people talking walks and if you want you can interact with them.
Houston is the fourth largest city in America so you are sure to get different things in one place and rabbits, stilettos and also get to see the Beer can house so if you like adventure then those are the it has the Texas charm that everybody wants and the skyscrapers are a sight to see. The City has world-class museums but the most known is the Theater District plus there are diverse culture and restaurants and the street signs are easy to understand. If you love creativity then the Art Car Museum is the place to go since people transform cars into items like places to Visit Now.
Walking is not for everyone but for those who connect with nature there is a lot of green which can inspire you to make environment-friendly decisions. There are new developments like the Sabine to Bagby Promenade which runs along the Buffalo and the environment is great for biking and hiking.The Memorial Park is the most common place and a city

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.536104
Retrieved Text: There is no doubt that if you are able to eat a healthy diet you will have a lot more energy to enjoy life. You will also find that you immune system can be improved, as well as ensuring you have a healthy heart. For many people the idea of eating healthy food simply doesn’t come into play; the will go there whole lives eating poorly, either doubting or ignoring the importance of eating well. But if you are one of those who is committed to eating healthy food to improve your overall health, then you will want to start by learning more about what makes good food health, and the nutritional benefits of these things.
A simple mistake that a lot of people make when considering how to eat healthily is that they mistakenly place too little emphasis on the repercussions of the occasional ice cream and piece of pizza. The problem that arises is that these things tend to add up and the bad habits we form begin to increase the calories. There are simple steps to control the things that you are eating, and as you are more experienced with monitoring your food, you will find it comes more naturally. It is also worth considering that you eating habits can be impacting other loved ones and you would hate to be the catalyst for bad habits in your family.
Choosing to eat healthily is a chance to try many new and varied foods; including fruits, vegetables and grains that you would otherwise not normally have

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.500011
Retrieved Text: Indian Politicians Scam Starving Indigent Out of $14 Billion of Food.
Also, if there was no State, then people would be doing this legally. So yeah.
If there were no state....there would be no food rations in the first place.
Yup. Look at the Soviet Union in the advent of State-Communism. The land was some of the most fertile and productive on the planet, then in a few years they had to start importing food from other countries as the soil quality and productivity of farms plummeted.
More like "dangers of people".
You're assuming all states are the same. Typical anarchist tactic.
So, its because the state is there that their starving?
Well, thats why everyone in Europe is starving, and the US-Canada.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.485346
Retrieved Text: Under a lot of stress! Your probably craving more meat in your diet! This is one way to help you keep more grounded. It will also help you fight being drained as much. Those challenging people who get off on pushing your buttons, can be fought temporarily by having more meat in your diet. If you can, though have an exit plan to remove them or yourself from the situation if possible.
Seeing a therapist, might also give you some strategies on how to fight back and keep your sanity. There are some people who just think its sport to mess with other people. Sometimes they’re your boss or a co-worker. In these situations, see if you can change positions? Going to HR is usually a joke, same with those surveys. The company doesn’t really care if you’re a happy worker. They’re just trying to find out if your planning on suing them or basically a problem.
If you can find a gym, to workout that will also help with the stress. Can’t afford a gym then you might want to take a part-time job that allows you to move around more physically and get the same benefits of a gym.
If the stressor is family, then you have a lot more wiggle room. You can decide to see them on your terms? Screen your calls, texts, email after all that’s what technology is for! Have buffers in place, this means you have an agreement with friends, family or spouse that you won’t be caught alone with that person.
Want

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.41874
Retrieved Text: Food is significant for human life. It is useful in gaining energy production & growth. All around the globe, people from diverse place have various food traditions as well as taste. There are numerous food chains are offering a range of cuisines to draw more people and home delivery is another added service of the restaurants.
There are different options one can select from to buy Italian food online. You can opt for the specialty vendors that offer the most excellent deal at your ease. While shopping online one should beware of numerous things.
If however you live in a larger town & there are numerous Italian restaurants to select from, then you will need more ways to decide which one you must spend your money in. A grand way to find out which restaurants there are in your region, and what prices you must expect to pay is by looking in your local pages.
You will get these also in booklet form in local meeting places, or alternatively online. Local pages that you spot in your area and that are frequently delivered to your door will also present you some great discount coupons for local eateries, & this is a grand way of saving some cash on a family meal.
Furthermore, you can also order from online. These days’ people are found in fast food. Fast food saves time and efforts that are required for preparing meals. If you are extremely fond of Italian food, then you need to do a little search for the most excellent option. There

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.354383
Retrieved Text: There are thousands of restaurants that you can find in New York City. These restaurants may differ from one another according to the kind of food that people can eat in their place. If you fancy something Italian you can easily find Italian restaurants there. If you want to indulge in French food you can look up a French restaurant there. It won’t be difficult for a person to find an exotic restaurant there like one that serves Persian food or Indian food. Japanese restaurants are also a popular type of restaurant that you can find in New York City.
If you want to partake now of Japanese food you can easily look up online where you can eat or buy Japanese cuisine there. When you eat at a Japanese restaurant there are many choices that you have for the Japanese food that you will eat. There is no doubt that among the Japanese food one of the most popular ones is sushi. Now if you want to be certain that the sushi that you will eat is of good quality then what you can do is to look for reviews on the sushi that can be eaten in New York. You can search for these reviews in an instant when you go online. By using the internet you can even find the list of the top ten sushi restaurants that people voted for in New York last year. Aside from that list you can also find reviews about sushi in New York from a food website

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.311327
Retrieved Text: In May of this year, No More Empty Cups took over an operational coffee shop at the CO2 building on 10th Street in Downtown Omaha and converted the business into a nonprofit organization. Nancy Williams, board president and CEO for No More Empty Pots (the group that runs No More Empty Cups), says coffee, community and culture are their values.
“It’s about gathering around a great cup of coffee, enjoying good food, amazing people and celebrating the things that make us a community,” shares Nancy. She says No More Empty Cups is meant to be an inclusive space where people can just be and learn more about each other, the food we consume and the drinks we enjoy.
The chorizo is used on the shop’s bagel breakfast sandwiches, which also feature eggs from Thomas Farms and Farmtable Delivery. The milk and cream are from Burbach Dairy while the cheese is obtained from Branched Oak Farm.
“We try to buy everything locally first. If we can’t find a local vendor then we will go to a traditional provider,” explains Nancy.
No More Empty Cups’ goal is to expose patrons to as much local food as possible so they can experience it and then purchase those items for themselves outside of the coffee shop. People can also buy community-supported agriculture (CSA) shares through the coffee shop.
“No More Empty Pots is focused around local food systems initiatives. There aren’t a lot of local food outlets in the area near the coffee shop. We hope to grow the coffee shop so it will be

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.275555
Retrieved Text: In the recent times, the oven has become an integral part of our lives. Whether we are baking cinnamon rolls, or just heating the food so that it is edible.
And since many women are working full time nowadays, they find it really nerve breaking to cook food after returning from their jobs.
That’s when the oven smiles at them, and says that you can put that food in me, and I will cook it for you.
And if you don’t have an oven, then purchasing one wouldn’t cost you an arm or a leg. Because there are so many choices available out there that fit any pocket size. But placing your oven in the appropriate place is crucial.
Many people choose to keep this oven in a corner, and forget about the safety of it, but that’s not the solution. Just like refrigerators and your cooking range, the place of the oven should be planned well in advance.
Many might not know, but placing the oven in certain places in your kitchen, can prove to be hazardous.
While deciding where you place your oven, you should keep two things in mind. Safety and Convenience. Since the oven uses electricity to heat up your food, you should make sure that it is placed in a safe place.
And since it is being used almost on a daily basis, it should be in a convenient place.
Even though placing your oven in the corner of your kitchen is also considered an appropriate place, just make sure that it is always dry and that you can

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.209078
Retrieved Text: Food is essential for every gathering. It plays a huge role in how people remember an event or a party. This is because food is necessary for survival and hunger can influence the emotion of an individual. A person who has eaten food will be happy and relaxed during the event however this is only so if the food served is good. Humans naturally find pleasure in eating food however if this food just does not taste good, they would not enjoy the meal and will feel negative emotions thus when they look back on the event, they will remember how disappointed they were with the food served.So it is important that you choose a good caterer but how do you do this? Well do not worry if you are unsure, here are a few things you need to do when hiring a caterer. Go here https://www.myalterego.com.au/ for more information about lunch catering.
Never choose a caterer without knowing if they provide good food. Talk to people you know and see if they have any recommendations. If the caterer they hired for their small function was brilliant then chances are when you hire them for your home or office catering, the food will still taste great. Furthermore they can also give you the pros and cons of the place and will be genuine so you can know about the caterer well before you speak to them.
Never choose a caterer without tasting the food first. Always taste their offerings and see if you like them. This was you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.184631
Retrieved Text: With an interesting culture, excellent weather, and amazing food, Spain is the place for studying abroad.
Many people choose to study abroad in Spain every year because of the amazing opportunities that it presents and the great Spanish culture. Here, we are going to talk you through some of the reasons why you should study abroad in Spain. Make sure to keep reading if you’d like to find out more.
Spain is a beautiful country with a very rich culture that we are sure that you’ll love. If you have never been to Spain before then you should know that the people are very welcoming. There is a lot of history to be explored in some of the most popular cities and you will have a lot of fun there. Don’t miss out on this amazing opportunity to see another culture up close.
If you are worried about where you would stay when you are studying in Spain, then don’t worry because there are some amazing places that you can rent. The student accommodation Spain has available is amazing because a lot of it is luxurious but still reasonably priced. Companies like Collegiate offer beautiful luxury apartments with all of the amenities that you need in a great social environment. Make sure to find a great place to stay if you are planning on studying in Spain.
Many people travel to Spain every year because of the great warm weather and if you choose to study in this amazing country then you will get to feel this weather all of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.033606
Retrieved Text: ethanmeinster People have been using these techniques for like 6,000 years.
Without education, people will have less knowledge and it turns out... addiction, alcoholism,etc!
Yea... then there would be a lot of uneducated people, and that leads to a bad future for them.
Without people, u cannot do anything!
Food and Water will be important for life whether its animals or humans were talking about.
You need to have a place to start your civilisation so you can have houses, services, food & water supplies, etc. If you don't then how will you sleep and stay somewhere?
26 PewDiePie Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg (born October 24, 1989), better known by his online alias PewDiePie, is a Swedish web-based comedian video producer, and commentary channel. He is best known for his Let's Play commentaries and Vlogs on YouTube. He is known for being the most subscribed-to YouTuber on the website, ...read more.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.941114
Retrieved Text: There’s no doubt that if you are allowed to eat a healthy diet you will have a much more energy to enjoy life. Additionally, you’ll find that you immune system may be improved, as well as ensuring you’ve got a healthy heart. For many people is a superb eating healthy food simply fails to come into play; the goes there whole lives eating poorly, either doubting and ignoring the importance of eating well.
When you introduce a healthy and well balanced diet you are not only teaching your children great habits for life, you are ensuring that they may grow up to be good and healthy also. It is shown that children just who are used to sitting down to have with their families are more likely to eat fruit and vegetables, and less keen to form the habit of snacking on poor quality junk food.
There are simple steps to regulate the things that you are eating, and as you are more experienced with monitoring your food, you will find it originates more naturally. It is also worth considering that you eating habits can be affecting other loved ones and you would hate to be the catalyst for bad habits in your family.
Following a healthy diet means steering clear of too much candies, cookies, pastries and cakes. If you are aiming to reduce enhanced blood pressure, then analyses have shown that simply adding more low fat dairy, fruit and vegetables will assist this.
A simple mistake that a lot of people make when considering tips on how to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.930943
Retrieved Text: If you happen to be living in the great city of Chicago and you are searching for some great places where you can go to grab breakfast with your friends or alone then you have landed on the right page. There are so many breakfast places in Chicago and it is not possible to write about each place in this single post. That is the main reason why I’m going to tell you guys about some best breakfast places that have no comparison in Chicago.
This café is owned by Jason Hammel and Amalea Tshilds who happen to be very good chefs. The Lula Café offers very great experience to those people who come here to have breakfast. If you have always wanted to eat breakfast at a place that is specifically designed for this purpose and Lula Café is the right place for you. They have got a lot of items in their menu and to be honest with you, the menu will make you confused about what to order and what not to order.
M Henry is not only famous for breakfast but also for brunch. People from all parts of Chicago come to this café to have a delicious breakfast. If you are feeling hungry in the middle of the day even after eating your lunch then M Henry is the right place for you to visit. Here you will find so many different varieties of food items. The atmosphere of the café is superb and the food is really tasty. If you haven’t been

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.913668
Retrieved Text: Third, mealtime is a place to learn self-control and moderation. This, like gratitude and not complaining, is never fully learned in childhood, and is usually a lifelong struggle. The child’s first lessons in self-control come even before mealtime. “No,” they are often told, “you cannot have a bag of potato chips right now; it is almost mealtime and you will spoil your appetite.” Self-control over one’s appetite for food, and, over all of one’s appetites and passions is fundamental to the formation of good moral character. Many basic table manners have to do with this self-control. We don’t just grab the food with our hands and shove it into our mouths. It takes time, but little children learn to keep the food out of their hair and off of the floor. They learn to take what they need and not waste. They learn to use a fork and a spoon. We dish up our plates, and then we pass the food around to others, and we make sure everyone has enough before we take more. Even then, we should not take too much, even if more is available. Eat too much, as we all have at times, and you will end up not feeling well. In the rest of life it is the same: drink too much, spend too much, insist on your own way too much, sleep too much, procrastinate too much, or goof around too much, and you will regret it. Meal-time is a good place to begin to learn about doing things in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.882803
Retrieved Text: "The food was AMAZING!!! I haven't had pulled chicken or sauce that good in a long time. I'm fixing to dig into the ribs. I'm sure they'll be just as good"
"Great vibe, great music, great food!"
"There a lot. Never a bad time. Regulars are always welcoming as well as the staff."
"Nice dive. Great band Saturday night. May be my new place to go."
"Love this place! With the changes it’s an even better music venue now too! The food is amazing and the beer is cold!"
"The Ribs were to die for JD I will definitely recommend the place."
"This place is dope! Taylor was awesome!!! JD and John taffer smashed this thing outta the ballpark!!!! Proud for this place to be called the dickson"
"This place went from a super dive bar to something a bit more "classy." (Which is extremely hard to do in a place like Dickson, Tennessee. No more smoking inside, Stella on Tap, excellent bbq. Honestly, I liked it a bit better when you could smoke and had a sketchy feel to it. More of an adventure back then."
The Bar Rescue makeover happened in late November/early December 2017.
Here is The Dickson Bar Facebook page.
They do not have a website for The Dickson, but here is a website for The Wanted Saloon that is out of date.
A lot of people on The Dickson Facebook page rave about the wings at The Dickson.
The bar has a slogan as the sign says The Dickson - Home of the Big One.
The Wanted Saloon was renamed to The Dickson by

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.85317
Retrieved Text: Why do we insist on putting the cat's water and food side by side?
With a few exceptions, humans are the only species that drink liquids with their food. Raccoons, for example, are noted for "washing" their food first, but this is because they lack salivary glands that would provide the moisture to help the digestive process. It's hard, if not impossible, to swallow, say, dry crackers without something to wash them down. With people, the saliva wets the crackers and helps us get them down. Or, we take a drink of something.
Raccoons don't eat crackers, of course, but they must find external moisture to enable them to "wash" their food down. It has nothing to do with being sanitary, as some have thought.
While there are other exceptions, it is a primarily human thing to do - to take a sip of some beverage during a meal, then perhaps wash everything down afterward. Many people also imbibe significant quantities of liquid before and after a meal, often in the form of coffee, or perhaps a cocktail. A proper table is set with plates, silverware, and cups and/or glasses for the beverages. Everything in one place.
These are cultural habits. And as we all should know, cats have no culture. Sure, some of them may enjoy the strains of a symphony playing in the house, but the definition of culture here refers more to the creation of a moral society along with the performance of expected behaviors that coincide only with what is in vogue at the time.
Cats are

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.841097
Retrieved Text: Recently our local food scene was dominated by “stars”. Not your usual Michelin stars, but the "stars" that were given on Facebook pages' reviews.
The news of a steak house and a seafood place sparing with their customers on the numbers of stars they should received on Facebook went viral on social media. Both situations began with customers giving low ratings on their Facebook pages and the company defending on why they should not be rated that badly.
In lieu of that, tons of articles were written on how they should handle this situation properly, from not doing anything to giving the customers more stuff to “silence” them.
I suppose each remedy has it's own merit but my personal view is this: if the F&B outlet is so bent on getting better reviews, then this situation is exactly the PR angle that they should exploit on.
If both shops are so sure of their product quality, then either refunds or complimentary items should be given to pacify agitated customers on every occasion. This might seem excessive and will lead to abuse by many customers.
• Servers should check the reactions of diners. If food is left unfinished or guests seemed unhappy about their food, the servers should probe for more feedback.
• And if it is a case of food quality, then the meal should be complimentary.
• I know of a local restaurant that does this and they are doing well both in terms of reviews and sales.
• And of course, Ritz Carlton is famous for checking and ensuring their food's quality

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.70511
Retrieved Text: Traveling, aside from being a fun activity can also be lucrative and expensive. It’s hard to be a traveler with a fervor for traveling when you are lack in financial assistance that is why you have to invent things to aid you financially. The truth, however, you do not have to spend a lot just to be on a good-feel travel. You only have to be wise when making one. You can use these things to help you have a cheaper travel budget for your traveling plans.
To travel during the peak season means to spend a lot on everything. If you have a low budget for your travel, peak season will be the least good idea to have. More than that, sometimes, you can’t even avail to cheaper traveling deals from a traveling agency because of the high demand. If you are seeking a less expensive traveling experience, choose the time when people are less likely to travel. In addition more than the pleasure of spending less, when you travel in a much less peak time, then you can enjoy the gift of seclusion from too much people.
Whatever the kind of restaurant it is, the food will be just the same. Choose the local stores where the masses frequently eat. This because, eating in a commercial starred restaurants will only have you pay much for their name then the food. In fact the real and genuine taste of specific cuisine of place will often be available and more authentic in the low key eating place.
It will

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.60948
Retrieved Text: On 1st October 2013, Kechara opened its doors for clients in Dataran Pahlawan Megamall’s food court known as ‘Food Paradise’!
Dataran Pahlawan is a shopping mall located at the heart of historical Malacca. If you were to go to the 3rd floor of Dataran Pahlawan (one floor below the cineplex), you’ll be greeted by a large floor opening offering different types of food.
The decor of Food Paradise is reminiscent of Jonker Street, a popular heritage area of Malacca. To the right of the food court is Kechara’s corner that is next to a water feature.
At Food Paradise, Kechara offers a vegetarian mixed rice stall, books and gifts corner and a cozy reading lounge area. How wonderful!
We hope to bring to Malacca the Kechara experience of serenity, warmth and mindfulness! Do drop by if you’re in the area!
The marker ‘A’ represents Dataran Pahlawan.
The East Entrance of Dataran Pahlawan.
The exterior of the East Entrance.
The entrance from across Hatten Hotel.
Located on the third floor, it sure is hard to miss!
The Kechara signage is up!
Lots of space for people to sit and enjoy their meal.
Rattan chairs for people to relax and have a cup of tea!
There are many other stalls at Food Paradise.
Taken from a corner of Food Paradise.
Plenty of sunlight for people to sit and enjoy a book.
Relaxing and chilled atmosphere to enjoy your food!
I love this outdoor-turned-indoor concept!
So near yet so far to the food!
2 girls doing stock take!
A pile of books on the coffee table.
A CD produced by Kechara In-Motion.
Being a vegetarian stall, the selection of food suits

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.607382
Retrieved Text: When it comes to buying gifts, some people are easy. You probably decided what to get them months ago, and you know they’ll absolutely love it. But we all have that person in our lives that is just impossible to buy for. Every year you spend hours trudging round the shops, trying to find anything that you think they might enjoy, and it seems like it just doesn’t exist. They often end up with a pile of presents that you know they will hate, but you couldn’t just not get them anything. If you want to avoid the awkwardness of giving somebody a rubbish present, here are a few unique present ideas for people that are difficult to buy for.
When you’re trying to shop for difficult people, it is often a good idea to go for something practical. That way, you know that they will actually use it instead of throwing it in the back of a cupboard, never to be seen again. A personalized docking station is a great idea. They can charge their phone on it, and it gives them a place to store their keys and wallet. This one is especially good for a forgetful friend or family member. You can have it engraved with their initials to give it a special touch.
One of the main reasons that people can be hard to buy presents for, is that they don’t like having a lot of unnecessary clutter around the house. They don’t want anything that will take up space in the house, unless

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.59975
Retrieved Text: The cost of a person’s arrival ticket will not be more than 9 thousand. The cost of stay will be Rs.1500. The choice of food will get up to Rs 100, although the budget can be slightly more and more, so take some more money from the budget.
The cost of going to Sri Lanka will be around 11,000 to 12,000 rupees. There will be an about Rs.1000 for a night stay and if you eat it, then it will not cost more than 400 rupees per day.
Malaysia is a very beautiful place. You have to pay Rs.10,000 to travel here. Apart from this, about Rs.600 will be spent every day. 300 rupees will be filled in food. If you like shopping more then you have to keep your money aside.
Everyone loves to roam Singapore. Let me tell you the ticket to travel here will be in Rs.16000. Cheap accommodation is available in the hostels to stop here. It costs Rs.1500 per day. In Rs.500 you can eat food at the Hawker Center there.
The name of the Maldives is on everyone’s tongue. The cost of going and coming here will be up to Rs.20,000. You have to spend Rs.1500 for a night stay in the guest house there. In the restaurant, there will be good food for Rs.200.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.561152
Retrieved Text: The physique can do a lot more than most people think it could and that is why tremendous fast weight reduction is possible. Within the military folks learn the limits of the human body. Most people are very surprised simply how far they can push themselves. Let me take the time to elucidate how dropping pounds works. Then, we will talk about the benefits of losing weight. Finally, I’ll allow you to set up your individual excessive goals that may see you shedding the kilos as fast as possible.
Day-after-day you take in a certain quantity of calories. That is printed on the container of the food you get. If your food doesn’t are available a container, then likelihood is it would not have too many calories. I am speaking about vegetables and fruit here. I am not speaking about a slice of pizza that you get from a pizza place. These may not have the energy marked on the container, but they are nonetheless there.
The extra calories you’re taking into your physique the upper the possibilities are that you are going to achieve weight. Let me explain. You see, your body burns a certain variety of calories every day. Even should you simply sit in one place, your body is going to burn over a thousand calories. In the event you transfer around then your physique will burn even more calories.
So, if you happen to absorb more calories than you burn off, then your physique will turn those energy into fat. If you happen to burn

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.555891
Retrieved Text: Ahmed Alhaddad lived in Malaysia for the past 5 years and received his Bachelors Degree in a Malaysian University.
Kuala Lumpur, Petronas twin towers.
This is a must photo to anyone who comes to Malaysia and visits Kuala Lumpur.
This photo was taken in 2015 and yes I was amazed because this was my early morning view.
Food in Malaysia is amazing, there are no other words to describe the food. There are all kinds of food Halal and non-Halal as it varies from vegetarian and non-vegetarian.
There is the cheap food and the expensive depending on what you feel like eating and if your wallet allows you as the country is literally filled with all kinds of food.
You can find the same category of food in the same street and at the same time they all taste good therefore the only option is to eat from all of them depending on the day and how crowded it is.
Spaghetti and other western dishes.
As you can see from the photos above that there are many kinds of food and this is just the tip of the iceberg.
Depending on the time of the year weekends can vary as Malaysia will always be crowded and the level of crowd increases during special occasions. On weekends there are many things to do and what kind of person you are and what you personally prefer as the options are many such as going out with friends and watching a movie therefore realizing that there are many Cinemas in Malaysia and different kinds of Cinemas. If you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.54101
Retrieved Text: Madras Market - a dream food court!
So you like many food outlets in Chennai! There are food courts all over the place - but I know of no food court that serves food from some of the best in Chennai and certainly no food court that has Sandy's or Nigar Sultana's Daawat Biriyani under one roof or even under many roofs! So if you think you would like to take some of Nigar's biriyani, wash it down with fruit yogurt from Spoonbill or maybe have some Bradwurst from Spoonbill and wash it down with some of the best dessert in town from Sandy's Chocolate Laboratory, then Madras Market is the place!
My good friend, Sarah Natasha started a humble community on Facebook called Chennai Shopping - it is not humble anymore! It rapidly grew to over 25000 members before a blink, but it did something more than having just a few thousand members - it gave almost everyone with something to show the world - a platform to do that! Suddenly we had talented people displaying their stuff and selling them. There were home bakers, home artists and 'little known but talented' people from all over showcasing their stuff and buyers from all over reaping the benefits.
AGAM is playing and there is no separate entry fee for the music concert et all, so for Rs 75, this is a double deal!!!! And yeah, I think there is more than one band playing music too! By the time I finish writing this, I won't be surprised if they

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.538828
Retrieved Text: A food swap is part silent auction/part village marketplace/part fun-loving open house where your homemade, homegrown, and foraged creations become your own personal currency for use in swapping with other participants. Diversify your pantry while meeting your friends and neighbors!
Homemade or homegrown goodies that you have made, grew or foraged. Whatever you are swapping needs to be packaged. Label your item with the ingredients if possible. You will also have the opportunity to write out the ingredients, but it's easier if you already have it on the packing.
Each item you swap should be equivalent to a jar of jam. In other words, if you had a jar of jam to swap, how many homemade cookies would you feel would be a good swap? That's how many you put in your package.
OK... here is the deal on the swap.
If you haven't been to a swap before, I suggest that you check out this article from LA Food Swaps.
Our swapping space is going to be outside, but it will be well shaded. There will be plenty of table space.
There will be NO sampling of food. Per our agreement with whomever, we can't eat the food we swap in the space, sooooo make sure that your descriptions are good and that your packaging is see-thru.
Each swapper will have to sign a waiver before they can participate in the swap.
Bring as many of your swapping items as you would like. If you bring two items, then you will most likely leave with two items from someone else. if you bring

================



======= Instance Index 260 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more force or less force ):

The more charged the objects are, the stronger the electrostatic force between them.


When a magnet is strong it has more force or less force?

Target Text: more force

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.202429
Retrieved Text: The SMBN0627 BLOCK neodymium magnet is made from high performance N52 NdFeB, with Nickel coating. The dimension of this item is 3" × 3" × 1/2" thick, magnetized Through Thickness, with tolerance of ±0.004" × ±0.004" × ±0.004". The weight of this super strong neodymium magnet is 1.21875 lbs. It can pull up to 214.2 lbs steel. And the surface field is up to 2125 gauss.
The smbn0627 neodymium block magnet has a very strong attractive force. Unsafe handling could cause jamming of fingers or skin in between magnets. This may lead to contusions and bruises.
You should always wear heavy protective gloves and eye protection when handling the smbn0627 neodymium block magnet.
Store the smbn0627 neodymium block magnet at least one meter away from your body.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.202429
Retrieved Text: The SMBN0639 BLOCK neodymium magnet is made from high performance N52 NdFeB, with Nickel coating. The dimension of this item is 4" × 2" × 2" thick, magnetized Through Thickness, with tolerance of ±0.004" × ±0.004" × ±0.004". The weight of this super strong neodymium magnet is 4.3375 lbs. It can pull up to 759.7 lbs steel. And the surface field is up to 5884 gauss.
The smbn0639 neodymium block magnet has a very strong attractive force. Unsafe handling could cause jamming of fingers or skin in between magnets. This may lead to contusions and bruises.
You should always wear heavy protective gloves and eye protection when handling the smbn0639 neodymium block magnet.
Store the smbn0639 neodymium block magnet at least one meter away from your body.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.070389
Retrieved Text: The SMBN0621 BLOCK neodymium magnet is made from high performance N42 NdFeB, with Nickel coating. The dimension of this item is 3" × 1 1/2" × 1/2" thick, magnetized Through Thickness, with tolerance of ±0.004" × ±0.004" × ±0.004". The weight of this super strong neodymium magnet is 0.61 lbs. It can pull up to 122.3 lbs steel. And the surface field is up to 2777 gauss.
The smbn0621 neodymium block magnet has a very strong attractive force. Unsafe handling could cause jamming of fingers or skin in between magnets. This may lead to contusions and bruises.
You should always wear heavy protective gloves and eye protection when handling the smbn0621 neodymium block magnet.
Store the smbn0621 neodymium block magnet at least one meter away from your body.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.041714
Retrieved Text: The SMBN0574 BLOCK neodymium magnet is made from high performance N52 NdFeB, with Nickel coating. The dimension of this item is 1 1/2" × 1 1/2" × 1 1/2" thick, magnetized Through Thickness, with tolerance of ±0.004" × ±0.004" × ±0.004". The weight of this super strong neodymium magnet is 0.9125 lbs. It can pull up to 238.2 lbs steel. And the surface field is up to 6451 gauss.
The smbn0574 neodymium block magnet has a very strong attractive force. Unsafe handling could cause jamming of fingers or skin in between magnets. This may lead to contusions and bruises.
You should always wear heavy protective gloves and eye protection when handling the smbn0574 neodymium block magnet.
Store the smbn0574 neodymium block magnet at least one meter away from your body.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.735674
Retrieved Text: This lesson describes a magic trick with magnetic coins (or washers) that demonstrates some important principles in magnetism. It's a good lead-in to a conversation on magnetic materials and magnetization.
A balancing act with magnetic coins from Patagonia, by MagneticCoins.
The practice of balancing and spinning magnetic coins has been around since at least the early 1990's, but the most beautiful demo I've seen is in the video above from 2013.
To begin, you'll need to find some magnetic coins containing iron or nickel. Sadly, U.S. coins are not magnetic, except for the 1943 penny, which was made of steel. Even the U.S. nickel, which is currently made of a 75/25 blend of copper and nickel,1 is not measurably magnetic. A partial list of coins that ARE magnetic has been compiled by the helpful folks at http://www.magneticcoins.info/. In the absence of magnetic coins, steel washers may be substituted, but the edges are not usually as flat as on coins and they tend not to balance as well.
To prepare the stage, lay a ruler across two stacks of books, or two bottles as in the video. Put a strong magnet on top of the center of the ruler, with the poles aligned vertically: north pole up and south pole down, or vice versa. You may also stick another magnet under the ruler if you need more field strength. To get the right field strength for your coin stack, you will want to be able to adjust the height of the magnet, or alternatively adjust the height of the platform that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.541245
Retrieved Text: Our range of colourful calendar magnets.
Fridge magnets are handy for keeping the odd piece of paper, clipping or photo on the fridge, but what if you want to hold up something heavier – maybe a whole sheaf of paper or magazine?
The problem is that a fridge magnet loses some of its holding power when paper or other material is held between it and the metal surface of a fridge or filing cabinet.
Standard or custom shapes available.
Dandy uses extra-strong magnetic material for its magnets, but there is still a limit to what can be held without fear of dropping off the fridge.
That’s why we invented the clip-magnet, which is actually a combination of our standard badge clip and strong magnet.
Once the full surface of the magnet is on the fridge, adding a clip means it will now hold many, many more sheets or even other things like brochures, tickets, tags, postcards or pads.
In fact our experimentation shows that the clip-magnet will hold many times its own weight.
The clip-magnet can hold many times its own weight.
So now the magnet becomes a message centre that securely holds all kinds of material for as long as you want.
Our clients use the clip-magnet to promote their businesses because they know it is a useful product that’s going to be appreciated time and time again.
Some customers report that the clip-magnet is used for holding appointment cards, loyalty coupons and instruction sheets.
The bonus is that the magnet can be printed with logos, messages or promotions that will keep their name right in front

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.23957
Retrieved Text: The carefully crafted super magnets with a toadstool-inspired design help to hold on to important things. And they do it with care: A glued-on felt disc prevents scratches on delicate surfaces.
A piece of felt is glued to the backside of the disc magnet, which makes it soft on delicate surfaces such as whiteboard and magnetic glass board. Also, the little buffer absorbs the impact of the magnet. At the same time, the felt prevents scratches when moving the magnet around. Nevertheless, it has a strong hold on your notes.
Despite the felt layer, such a magnet can hold thicker paper of up to approx. 500 grammes. A postcard is therefore nothing to this muscle magnet. But he doesn't hold a grudge.
The toadstools always come in threes. This way, none of them needs to work alone and the fun colour combination brightens the mood.
The trios are available in two colour schemes. Here they come on "strong" in red, light green and black.
A set of toadstools in "pastel" contains pink, light blue and black.
Really strong doesn't necessarily mean really big. In this case, all the power is concentrated and securely contained behind a layer of felt. Sometimes, so much power needs to restrained. At the same time, the head is large enough for easy grasping.
The colourful helpers are produced in the protected "Transit workshop" in Switzerland, then assorted and packaged in pretty cardboard boxes with sliders. They make for a nice gift.
The cardboard box with slider in which the magnets are delivered can also be used as break room

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.998428
Retrieved Text: 176 lb Hold Force: 1.890" (48mm) diameter x 0.453" (11.50mm) cap thickness x 0.945" (24mm) overall height with an M8 outside screw shaft cap magnet / pot magnet. All dimensions +/- 0.5 mm tolerance. NOTE: All Holding Forces are approximate values. Actual Holding Forces will depend upon several factors....read below for more info.
Magnet: Neodymium Disc Magnet, Grade N35, Nickel plated.
Cap Magnets, also known as Pot Magnets or Mounting Magnets, utilize a balance between a strong neodymium magnet and magnetic steel to produce a strong holding force. Cap Magnets / Pot Magnets are used in applications where a strong holding magnet is required and the pull force of a regular disc magnet or ring magnet will not produce enough holding force.
Cap Magnets / Pot Magnets are made in different versions to fit your mounting application. Cap magnets can have a threaded screw on the top, a threaded rod to fit a screw or bolt, or a through hole. These holding magnets are also manufactured with a counter sunk hole to fit a screw with a tapered head.
Choosing the correct cap magnet / pot magnet usually includes three (3) main factors: the amount of holding force needed, the general size requirements, and the mounting requirement. Usually the holding force is the first priority, so picking the correct cap magnets / pot magnets may require flexibility with the other 2 factors. One other factor to consider is the dimensional tolerances of these holding magnets. The tolerances will be larger than an individual disc magnet or ring magnet due to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.985754
Retrieved Text: The cryogenic magnet motor of Walter Thurner represents a nice example of a self-running system which can generate usable energy. Its operation principle appears fairly comprehensible. Once it is understood one has an idea how a self-running system can work concretely, at least at the macroscopic scale. Furthermore, it appears worthwhile and instructive to try to recreate Walter Thurner's cryogenic magnet motor and develop a system that limits and controls its speed of rotation.
(b) www.borderlands.de/net_pdf/NET0308S4-10 (in German). This article about Walter Thurner is published in the German-language journal NET-Journal , issue March / April 2008, pages 4 - 10. The cryogenic magnet motor is described on pages 8 and 9.
An example of an embodiment of Walter Thurner`s idea is sketched above in Fig. 1 and Fig. 2. His concept implies a linear or especially a circular array of magnets. One of such a magnet (1) is sketched in Fig. 1 and Fig. 2. Another magnet (3) is attached to a rod (4) which is connected with a shaft (5) so that the magnet (3) can move above (1). The sketched arrangement of the magnets (1) and (3) results in a motion of (3) towards the edge of (1). A repulsion arises between (3) and (1) when (3) approaches the edge of (1) and an attraction occurs when (3) goes away from (1). Thus at the edge of (1) the magnetic forces act against the direction of motion of (3). That corresponds to a conventional or conservative system without any self-running motion.
Walter Thurner`s concept enables a self-running

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.931978
Retrieved Text: Neodymium Rare Earth Block Magnet N45 3"x1/2"x1/2"
This powerful neodymium block magnet measures 3" in length, 1/2" in width, and 1/2" in thickness and is made of a grade N45 neodymium, iron, and boron magnet alloy blend. This magnetic blend is patent licensed and made under the ISO 9001 quality control systems and are coated in a thick single layer epoxy coating that offers exceptional corrosion resistance when used in wet or humid environments. This magnet has innumerable uses as a holding magnet, but is also great for an assortment of both industrial and personal applications and can be used in an almost unlimited amount of ways.
Please note that all neodymium rare earth magnets are fragile and require extreme caution when handling magnetic blocks due to their brittle nature and to avoid injury due to pinching.
Magnet Polar Orientation: Magnetized through the thickness of the magnet, the poles are on the 3" x 1/2" surfaces.
Magnet Tolerance: The tolerances of all the dimensions are +/-0.002in with coating.
All neodymium block magnets may chip and shatter, but if used correctly can last a lifetime.
If your strong block magnets become damaged please dispose of completely. Shards are still magnetized and if strong block magnets are swallowed can inflict serious damage if magnets join inside the digestive tract.
You will not be disappointed. I was amazed at the quality and low pricing these folks provide.
Neodymium Rare Earth Block Magnet N52 3"x1/2"x1/4"

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.854862
Retrieved Text: Magnets and the scorpion folding stock.
I tried to find any thread that talked about holding the stock in the folded position with magnets. Mine does not have one, and it is getting pretty floppy. Was there any consensus on which magnets to use to hold it?
Re: Magnets and the scorpion folding stock.
Are you talking about the oem stock? Here’s what that looks like with arrows pointing to the area I had to file down to make the magnet contact the serial number inlay. If I had to replace it I’d visit my local Ace and use plastic-safe epoxy.
Mine has no magnet, and I am using a tailhook instead of the buttstock. My question is if there was a magnet that others have used with success to keep it folded. I tried a magnet from the local hardware store, but it was not strong enough.
The factory stock comes with a magnet already in it. If your's didn't, you received a defective part.
You lose the magnet when you install the tailhook adapter.
I bought mine new from the LGS on 12/24/2018 and they just received it but it has a magnet.
The carbines at shot show all had the new latch style stock.
Anyone have photos of the new style?
Yea, we are gonna need pics.
It has a QD sling swivel built in too.
So with the stock hooked under magwell, can you have still have a mag in the weapon?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.721342
Retrieved Text: Magnets play a very important role in the renewable energy market. Magnetics find their way in solutions for wind, tidal and wave energy. By using magnets and magnetic solution you can reduce or even eliminate the gearbox in wind turbines. Wind turbines working environment is very bad, it must be able to withstand heat, cold, wind, humidity and even salt spray test.
Design life of the wind turbine is generally two years. At present, both small wind turbine and a megawatt-class wind turbines are mostly optional permanent magnet NdFeB magnets, therefore, requires wind turbine magnet has good temperature stability, corrosion resistance, and high uniformity reliability.
The recent explosion of the wind turbine market across the globe has forced manufacturers into reducing manufacturing costs, improving efficiencies, and creating robust designs that do not require constant service. Using a properly designed permanent magnet within the wind turbine generator will improve efficiencies in the conversion of wind power to electrical power immensely over induction, or wire wound, generators. Also, selecting the correct magnetic material and manufacturing it to the proper specifications will ensure that it can be resistant to demagnetization due to high temperatures.
The next generation of wind turbines are currently being researched which use permanent magnet generators and axial flux couplings, which use permanent magnets as a coupling. The overall purpose of this design is to increase efficiency by reducing friction. Magnetic couplings are currently used in many applications, but this is a new one that is being explored and has great possibilities. UMAG Magnet electronic provide wind turbine magnet

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.689465
Retrieved Text: So i've used the product for a few days and i'm blown away. Then i decided to show it to my wife and no word of a lie just as i say to here it never falls off the phone pops off onto the floor. The heat from the vent melted the glue on the disc shaped magnet causing it to loose it's adhesion. The magnet didn't fail the glue did. Can be worked around but looses a star for that.
Very small and easy to use!
This is a very strong magnet, it holds even the heaviest phone. Good size magnet contact for the back of the phone. Contact holder itself slots into the airvent and is a good size. Overall a great purchase and reasonably priced.
I put the magnet inside my thick rubber phone case and it adheres to the vent mount car holder really well.the mount is small and very neat, not in your face, very subtle. Love it.
I’ve been sceptical about these car magnets, having read reviews about car magnets melting or snapping due to weight or if the vent is on. I can honestly say mobilefun.co.uk and Olixar I am very very impressed the magnet is strong enough to hold my large iPhone XS Max in any position. Completely eliminates the need for a car phone holder blocking your windscreen. Cheap, convenient and looks great, I get in my car and just tab my phone against the magnet and it holds it firmly in place.
This product is strong holding the phone and not

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.568392
Retrieved Text: A Neodymium magnet is one of the important elements in specific products such as a computer, motor, wind power, and many others. This product is manufactured by a large company namely Jintong Magnet. Let’s learn a little bit about the company and the products for better understanding before using it.
JinTong Magnetic Technology Co., Ltd. Is a company which produces and neodymium magnet. The location of the factory is located in Changzhi City, Shanxi Province. It becomes the most popular company in China which specializes in neodymium magnet. They produce the product in a 35.000 square meters area and two branch plants which produce over 3.000 tons of magnets. Until today, the company has 23 years of experience and delivers the product all over the world. The product is commonly used for motor, sensor, meter, electronic instrument, medical service, automobile, aerospace, and man more. The company becomes the most popular magnet producers because it serves high-quality product and reasonable price along with good service.
There are some products which made of neodymium magnet. The list of the products and the short explanation is presented below.
This product is designed for extra protection. There are two types of countersunk which are irregular shape magnet and round countersunk magnet. Irregular shape magnet is considered the most powerful magnet material in the world. Due to the strength, the magnet is a perfect product for projects which need extreme strength. Just like any other magnets, the weakness of countersunk or screw magnet is when it is dropped in which the magnet will lose

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.522572
Retrieved Text: Trying to catch fish and after a few long hours, you are coming back home empty-handed... Keep a magnet fishing handy, it will never happen again.
Are you looking for lost treasures underwater? or simply want to have fun and spend quality time river fishing with friends and family.
The Powerful Magnet Fishing pack includes a very powerful magnet with a pulling force of 500 lbs, are you ready for big challenges?
At MangetsFishing.com, we truly believe we have some of the most stunning, trendy Magnets in the market.
We make sure that every customer is 100% satisfied in every aspect. We have 24/7/365 support, please contact us if you need any assistance.
Ordinary neodymium magnets only use one side of their magnetic field to stick to metal which means they’re only using half of their available strength. However, if add a steel cup, the other pole of the magnet to be used which increases the strength of the magnet too much higher than that of a normal neodymium magnet. At the same time, the steel cup also protects the magnet from being damaged when frequently used but also makes the other side magnetically weak.
Why would I need a magnet that strong?
Because these magnet fishing magnets are tested on a totally flat, clean piece of 1/2″ thick steel. When you go magnet fishing you will find items that have been in the water for many years, so there are rust, a lot of it. Rust significantly decreases the pulling power of the magnet. So, the higher pull power on the magnet,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.513233
Retrieved Text: The MagConnect Magnet Mount for iPad or tablets from The Joy Factory can be attached securely to any metal ferrous surface for a strong and temporary installation. The magnet mount comprises of four strong rare earth magnets, which are ideal for many applications. It is very portable and capable of fitting into tight spaces, where installation is seemingly impossible. The magnet mount also comes with a standard six inch carbon fiber rod, a signature material of choice from The Joy Factory for all our MagConnect mounts. Whether you’re monitoring patient records at a shared workstation in a hospital, recording production line performance at a factory, organizing seating charts as the front desk host at a restaurant, or updating information on a warehouse floor, the magnet mount is the trusted way to keep your iPad or tablet at your fingertips. When not in use the magnet mount can fold away for storage. It is ready to go out of the box without any complex installation, simply attach the mount to a metal surface such as a metal wall, beam, cabinet ,table, countertop, and desktop. Experience the joy of worry-free mounting with a Magnet Mount for tablets from The Joy Factory.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.46981
Retrieved Text: Strong magnets are used in many different businesses to hold, lift, carry and release a whole range of goods and items. Industries such as electrical motor manufacture, medical science, renewable energy and technology all rely on the super-strength neodymium magnets.
What are the strongest magnets made of?
The strongest available permanent magnets (i.e., magnets that retain their magnetic properties in the absence of an electrical current or some other magnetic field) consist of compounds of neodymium, a rare earth metal with atomic number of 60 and symbol of Nd. Neodymium magnets are actually made of an alloy of neodymium, iron, and boron. Alloys of different elements make stronger, longer-lasting magnets because pure magnetic materials usually demagnetize quickly. Neodymium magnets are often coated with nickel, which is less likely to chip or corrode.
Neodymium magnets are available in different grades, from N35 up to N52. The higher the value, the stronger the magnet. The strongest neodymium grade available is Grade N52. If there are letters after the grade number they refer to the heat tolerance of a magnet. For more information about grades you can see this article on Magnet Grades.
Many strong magnets are so powerful that they are difficult to hold apart with your fingers and can be extremely difficult to separate once they become stuck to each other. To make magnets easier to separate, place a non-magnetic spacing material between them, e.g. a piece of plastic, wood or cardboard. Avoid handling multiple magnets at the same time unless they are properly stacked together with separators, or are kept

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.450447
Retrieved Text: When building a competitive car you should use matched magnets... sounds simple enough... pull out the magnet matcher or gause meter and start measuring magnets until you find a matching reference number (if using a magnet matcher) or a matching gause reading on two magnets (1 north, 1 south). Well this is what I thought until Greg Wisniewski explained the "finer points" of magnet matching. The image to the right is what started it all. I would like to thank Greg Wisniewski for sharing this with me and you who are reading this should thank him for allowing me to share it with you.
The above image is what Greg sent me. There are basically three areas to measure in each magnet... #1 is the leading position, #2 is the center position, and #3 is the trailing position. The center position will have a matched reading with the other magnet. Now take each magnet separately and take a reading on the leading and trailing positions and record these readings. Turn the magnet over (up side down) and and repeat the process and record the leading and trailing readings. In the diagram below the stars indicate where to measure each magnet.
Repeat this process for each magnet and match the best you can. What you are ultimately after is a strong leading reading #1 a #2 reading that matches the other magnet and a #3 trailing reading that is weak.
Now Greg didn't stop there... there's more!! If you recall in reading the above paragraphs you were told to flip

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.445889
Retrieved Text: Can you get iron out of a dollar bill?
You’ll need a dollar bill. Now, you could just dig down deep into your own pocket to find a bill, or you could take our advice and borrow the bill from a friend. Hey, why should you have to provide the entertainment and pay for it too? Hold the neodymium magnet near the bottom of the bill. Notice how the bill is attracted to the magnet.
Fill the blender one-half full with water (between 3 and 4 cups). Be sure to ask an adult for permission to use the blender.
What’s next? Make dollar-bill soup! Grind it, blend it, or liquefy it—just make sure it’s torn into thousands of little pieces.
After the blender has been grinding away for about a minute, turn it off and pour the contents into the ziplock plastic bag. Seal the bag.
Place the neodymium magnet in the palm of your hand and place the bag of money soup on top of the magnet. Place your other hand on top of the bag and rock the slurry back and forth in an effort to draw all of the iron to the magnet. Flip the bag over and look closely at the iron that is attracted to the magnet. You can slowly pull the magnet away from the bag to reveal the iron.
It’s really very simple. The government uses specially made magnetic inks to print money. This makes it easy for vending machines to “read” the dollar bills, for example, and for banks to determine if money is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.428629
Retrieved Text: The Write-On/Wipe-Off magnetic sheeting is strong flexible magnet that allows you to use dry erase markers on the front side. The magnetized sheeting has a dry erase front and black magnet on the back. Easy to use and cut using scissors or a utility knife. The Dry Erase Magnet is great for restaurant menu boards that are changed daily, in offices, classrooms, in factories to track production schedules, and more. This magnet is not printable, does not have adhesive, and only use dry erase markers on the magnet.
BLANK DRY-ERASE SHEETS: flexible magnetic dry erase sheets with a glossy vinyl surface that is easy to write on and wipe off with dry erase markers.
REUSABLE: Write on them with a dry erase marker, wipe them off and use them over and over again! These dry erase sheets are an excellent environmentally-friendly alternative to sticky notes. It's strong magnetized backing fixes securely to most magnetic receptive surfaces.
PORTABLE WRITING SURFACE: Ideal for use in school, at the office, or at home. Conveniently create a whiteboard surface to write down your chores and to-do lists. Make your own erasable calendar planners, message boards, grocery shopping list, and more.
MULTIPURPOSE VERSATILITY: These flexible magnet sheets are suitable for a multitude of uses. Each sheet is easy to cut and fashion into decorative magnets, magnetic signs for cars, teaching aids, and other craft projects.
Transform Any Surface Into a Dry Erase Whiteboard! Easy Application -- With this magnetic whiteboard sheet you can turn an iron surface into a whiteboard in no time. Just cut the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.371769
Retrieved Text: Can magnets hold a holiday wreath to a door? What magnets should I use? Can magnets be used with a door that isn’t steel? Can I toss a wreath to a door from 10 feet away and make it stick?
This month, K&J answers these practical and silly questions alike.
What magnets can hold a wreath?
For hanging a wreath on a steel door, we like the WPH-SM or WPH-LG magnets best. These hooks are made with neodymium magnets inside a water resistant, plastic housing. They are specifically designed for holding a weight on a vertical surface like a steel door. Their rubbery contact surface provides enough friction to help prevent sliding down the door.
We show both of these in the short video clip below. We found that the smaller WPH-SM magnet was just barely enough to hold a good-sized, 4 lb wreath. In a protected space behind a storm door, this might be enough.
The extra strength of the larger WPH-LG felt more secure. If it’s windy, consider this size.
Thanks to the folks at Wreaths of Maine for donating the beautiful wreath for our mad, magnetic demonstrations. No magnets or wreaths were harmed during our testing. Plus, now our offices smell wonderful!
What if I want to hide the hook behind the wreath?
Using the same WPH-LG magnet, we show a way to keep the hook behind the wreath. The hook is more hidden this way. We removed the hook and attached the wreath in its place. It’s a nice, secure solution.
We also tried hanging the same wreath using our HOOK-BLK

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.35829
Retrieved Text: This algae scraper magnet is the best I have ever bought.It has a strong magnet that glides with ease while removing algae and corralline from glass on my saltwater aquarium.Highly recommend , even better than the named brands.
Отличные скребки. Лучше всего использовать на стекле не толще 10-12мм.
Easy to assemblés and use.
Awesome scraper, strong magnets. Only thing I didn't like is the bright orange color.
Good scraper. Really strong magnet. Holds well on my 12mm glass. The metal scraper provided in the boxs works quite well too. Best value for money scraper I have seen. Others of the same specs go for $90.
This is really great scraper once used it it was very good the best this it did not scratch my tank glass i love it.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.354618
Retrieved Text: Cup Magnets Neodymium 16 LB 0.63"
Powerful Neodymium round base cup magnet is made of a super strong neodymium magnet encased inside of a chrome plated steel cup and countersunk for a #6 screw. This strong magnet is coated in a thick single layer epoxy coating that offers exceptional corrosion resistance when used in wet or humid environments. The neodymium magnet is bonded inside of the cup with adhesives. This design forms a magnetic circuit which triples the holding force to 16 lbs!
The applications of this round base magnet include but aren't limited to magnetic holding, lifting, antenna Mounting, positioning, retrieving and much more. There are 3 seperate terms for this kind of magnet. They may be called cup magnets, pot magnets or round base magnets.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.26935
Retrieved Text: Based on feedback from user testing (see: PhET Faraday's Law - Gatech Interviews Notes), a number of issues were observed. This "Grab and Release" interaction sketch aims to address a number of these issues.
Location text alert now fired only on release of magnet.
Sonification will now be mostly uninterrupted.
Hard to concentrate on sounds and screen reader Users often focus on the text alerts and miss the relationship between the magnet movement and the induced charge.
Most text alerts have been removed from movement interaction loop, with the exception of a coil bump and play area edge bump alerts.
Text alerts can be out of sync with the sonification Often when a sound event happens, like a coil bump or induced charge, text alerts report the magnets location which can create confusion or incorrect associations.
Sonification will no longer compete with most text alerts, thus avoid any confusion.
Coil bumps now have a "Bumped coil" text alert.
Long alerts create cognitive load A text alert can be very long (regardless of number of coils).
Removed play area location alerts.
Reduced the complexity of proximity and regions.
Long pauses in alerts causes users to stop listening Screen readers will pause longer between sentences. Text alerts use less periods (more commas or concatenated phrase fragments).
Coil bump sound can sometimes be ambiguous Some users incorrectly associated the bump coil sound with a goal accomplishment (i.e. paraphrasing "I got the magnet into the coil, and that sound means I made it."). A single text alert now fires when a coil bump occurs ("Bumped coil").
Slide key instructions are often missed Most

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.228012
Retrieved Text: At all the times, neodymium magnets with the N52 grade are really very famous and highly demand able in the industrial and commercial sectors. When it comes to the neodymium magnet, it is a rare earth magnet which is widely used by the several numbers of users.
These N52 neodymium magnets are absolutely the most suitable choice of magnets which are doubling the strangeness than all other kinds of magnets. Some of the most famous applications which are all using this N52 grade neodymium magnet include: Hard disk drives,Cordless tools and Magnetic fasteners etc.
Whenever you are in need of purchasing the N52 neodymium magnets, you can look at the online.We supply our customers with different types, sizes and shapes of N52 neodymium magnets. Accept OEM and ODM. What’s more, free sample available! Such strong and high quality magnets can be purchased for any type of the commercial and industrial applications to be used as the strong neodymium magnet tools.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.194485
Retrieved Text: This special office magnet with rubber coating and grip is developed specifically for chatboards. The long grip ensures excellent gripping during use. The office magnet is produced with an extra strong rubber magnetsystem for optimum attraction towards the glass surface. Leaves no marks nor scratches on the surface even after continuous use.
This office magnet with rubber coating is ideal for chatboards thanks to the high magnetic strength. Excellent handling due to the practical grip. Put an end to numerous intents to move the small magnets on the board - with one easy grip the office magnet is released.
The small magnets that often accompany chatboards can easily scratch the surface over time. The office magnet with rubber coating ensures zero scratching and protects the surface.
The specially developed magnetsystem provides a holding force up to 260 Newton at applications on regular metal surfaces. On chatboards the magnetic strength will depend on the thickness of the glass. However, the magnet is so strong that it will provide excellent magnetic strength even on chatboards with a thick layer of glass.
The office magnet with rubber coating for chatboards has a length of 60 mm and the magnet a diameter of Ø43 mm. The product is developed with these measures to obtain the best possible strength and functionality for chatboards.
See our large assortment of office magnets here.
Due to the high magnetic strength it is not recommended to use this office magnet for regular boards. Please also be aware of the fact that chatboards with a thin layer of glass can be damaged

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.177671
Retrieved Text: Hi, I obtained a Koehler 201 safety lamp and know it requires a "strong" magnet to release the lock mechanism but I guess the magnet I have is not strong enough (just a horseshoe magnet, not specifically for safety lamps). Two questions: Does anyone know how to obtain the "correct" magnet for this lamp? AND/OR What would be a specific example of a generic magnet that will work (I don't want to purchase a magnet from Amazon and have it not be strong enough...so some numbers or specs would be what I'm looking for)?
well, just figured I'd update and say that a simple horseshoe mag (1" width) capable of supporting 10 lbs purchased at True Value ($10) is sufficient to open the lock on the Koehler 201.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.14834
Retrieved Text: Made of plastic and super strong magnet, good absorb ability and powerful magnetic attraction.
Soft anti-slippery handle can make your hand comfortable and improve your cleaning action.
When you move the outer magnet, the inside magnet follows, hence clean the glass.
Floating design: the brush will not sink into the farthest depths of your fish tank as it is floating, very convenient to use, never mind wetting your hands.
Perfect for cleaning algae and scum off of the inside of your aquarium the easy.
Strong magnets for use with varying glass thicknesses but better under 5mm, suitable for 30-50cm fish tank.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.109375
Retrieved Text: Neodymium magnets are relatively more costly than ceramic magnets. A NdFeB Magnet can lift more than another kind of magnet of the very same size. Ceramic and neodymium magnets have various drawbacks too. Today, wherever you go, you are able to always locate strong neodymium magnets in action.
After the magnet is eliminated from the hysteresis graph testing machine, it's now no longer in a closed circuit and is thought of as as open circuit. The strongest magnets on the planet are neodymium magnets which are produced in various grades, however, every grade is supplied a handy name which allows you to instantly judge which magnet is stronger. Ceramic magnets are a breeze to magnetize. Sintered NdFeB permanent magnets are created with various measures.
In 1952 magnets were created out of ceramic for the very first time. Use a paper towel to remove excess glue and enable the glue dry for a couple of hours.
Another method of studying the mechanism When the gadget is all set up and prepared to be triggered, we can observe there are four balls which are touching their magnets. Unique four magnet setup gives a strong grip whilst also keeping your firearm straight.
When you take a look at a magnet table of available materials there are unique letters after a number of the grades. And they make the ideal gift for the individual who has everything! There's a premium on the cost of the maximum grade magnets so that it is more common to see N48 and N50 magnets utilised in production versus

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.060505
Retrieved Text: very good magnet nice quality and very good price. Strong magnet.
none it is OK.very good magnet nice quality and very good price. Strong magnet.

================



======= Instance Index 1445 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are faster or slower ):

This means that as wavelengths get shorter, more waves move past a particular spot in the same amount of time.


Wavelengths that are longer will be faster or slower?

Target Text: slower

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.264929
Retrieved Text: Radio telescopes used by the National Reseach Council of Canada.At longer wavelengths in the microwave domain, absorption by water is a persistent problem and the best solutions are to collect data from high elevations or satellites. Luckily, there is a technical advantage to working with microwaves: their wavelengths are sufficiently long enough that a metal parabolic collector can be used instead of glass.
Light penetration in the Earth’s atmosphere.Radio waves, which have even longer and less energetic wavelengths than microwaves, are typically collected using large metal dishes. The Earth’s atmosphere allows for the easy passage of wavelengths measuring 1 centimetre (the beginning of radio waves) to 10 metres. This is true even if the weather is overcast, which allows astronomers to have virtually continuous observation of this portion of the electromagnetic spectrum. Radio waves are produced by supernova remnants and by electrons passing through the magnetic fields of distant radio galaxies.
Radio telescopes used by the National Reseach Council of Canada.
Light penetration in the Earth's atmosphere.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.07975
Retrieved Text: Nothing says "fair weather" like clear, blue skies. But why blue? Why not green, purple, or white like clouds? To find out why only blue will do, let's explore light and how it behaves.
The light we see, which is called visible light, is actually made up of different wavelengths of light. When mixed together, the wavelengths look white, but if separated, each appears as a different color to our eyes. The longest wavelengths look red to us, and the shortest, blue or violet.
Usually, light travels in a straight line and all of its wavelength colors are mixed together, making it appear nearly white. But whenever something intercepts light's path, the colors are scattered out of the beam, changing the final colors you see. That "something" could be dust, a raindrop, or even the invisible molecules of gas that make up the atmosphere's air.
As sunlight enters our atmosphere from space, it encounters the various tiny gas molecules and particles that make up the atmosphere's air. It hits them, and is scattered in all directions (Rayleigh scattering). While all of the light's color wavelengths are scattered, the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly -- roughly 4 times more strongly -- than the longer red, orange, yellow, and green wavelengths of light. Because blue scatters more intensely, our eyes are basically bombarded by blue.
If shorter wavelengths are scattered more strongly, why then isn't the sky appear as violet or indigo (the color with the shortest visible wavelength)? Well, some of the violet light is absorbed high up in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.679714
Retrieved Text: What is meant when one says that the temperature of the cosmic background radiation is 3K?
Any object with internal energy (a temperature above absolute zero, or 0 K) radiates that energy in the form of electromagnetic waves (light). The theoretical distribution of wavelengths in that radiation represents 'black body' radiation, and is described mathematically by an equation called Planck's Law. Plotting intensity vs. wavelength, the resulting curve peaks at a wavelength that depends on temperature--the higher the temperature, the shorter its peak wavelength will be. That consequence of Planck's equation is also known as Wien's Law. Also, intensities increase across all wavelengths as temperature increases.
You can see this behavior as an iron rod is heated from room temperature. At first, all of the radiation is in the infrared region, which has a wavelength too long for humans to see. As the rod's temperature increases, it glows red as emitted wavelengths decrease into the visible range. Next, you see orange, then yellow, then white as peak intensity moves to shorter and shorter wavelengths. By analyzing the spectrum of wavelengths, temperature can be calculated. Temperatures of astronomical objects can be determined with this technique. Extreme temperatures near a black hole, for example, peak in the region of very short X-Rays. Stars like our Sun emit primarily in the visible region, and cooler objects like planets emit invisible infrared radiation.
The extremely high temperature of the Big Bang released intense, very short wavelength radiation, but the subsequent cooling of the universe has shifted those wavelengths to the microwave region. (This

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.365458
Retrieved Text: ALMA has 66 antennas: fifty-four 12-meter diameter antennas and twelve 7-meter diameter antennas. The radio telescope combines signals from each, working as an interferometer, in other words, a single giant telescope equal in size to the total array.
With perfect parabolic shapes and a precision equivalent to within a fraction of the thickness of a human hair, this is one of the most precise antennas in the world.
Unlike a telescope that is built in place and remains there, these antennas are solid enough to be moved between different pads without damaging their high-precision mechanisms. They are moved with transporter trucks that have been designed especially for these antennas and are able to reposition them to adapt to the required observation needs.
They do not need a dome or cupola to protect them. Although their reflectors are exposed to extreme conditions at an altitude of 5,000 meters above sea level in the Chajnantor Plateau, facing gusty winds and temperatures that vary from 20 to -20 degrees Celsius, and even snow, the antennas are designed to withstand these conditions.
The most visible part of an antenna is the reflector. Each reflector performs the same function as a mirror in an optical telescope: capturing radiation from distant astronomical objects and directing it towards a Front End that measures the levels of that radiation. The distinguishing feature of all telescopes is the wavelength of the radiation absorbed. Visible light captured by optical telescopes, with wavelengths between 380 and 750 nanometers, makes up only a small fraction of the spectrum of electromagnetic radiation. When

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.273626
Retrieved Text: Researchers present a new optical filter on a chip that can process optical signals from across a wide spectra. The filter can match the broadband coverage and precision performance of bulky dichroic filters, but can be manufactured using traditional silicon-chip fabrication methods. The filter is based on spectrally selective waveguides, which combine the broadband response of adiabatic transitions with the sharp spectral responses typically observed in interferometric filters.
Researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) said that the new filter can take a very broad range of wavelengths within its bandwidth as input and efficiently separates the input into two output signals, regardless of its width or wavelength.
MIT researchers have designed an optical filter on a chip that can process optical signals from across an extremely wide spectrum of light at once, something never before available to integrated optics systems that process data using light. Courtesy of E. Salih Magden.
To build the filter, researchers created two sections of silicon waveguides and sized the waveguides precisely. One section of the filter contained an array of three waveguides. The other section contained a single waveguide.
By tweaking the widths in the three-waveguide array and the gaps between the waveguides, researchers made the array appear as a single, wider waveguide to certain (longer) wavelengths. Adjusting the metrics of the waveguides created a cutoff point, measured in nanometers, at which a wavelength of light would “see” the three-waveguide array as a single waveguide. To longer wavelengths, the three-waveguide array appeared wider than the single waveguide located in the other section of the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.108854
Retrieved Text: An optical filter is a device that selectively transmits light of different wavelengths, usually implemented as a glass plane or plastic device in the optical path, which are either dyed in the bulk or have interference coatings. The optical properties of filters are completely described by their frequency response, which specifies how the magnitude and phase of each frequency component of an incoming signal is modified by the filter.
Filters mostly belong to one of two categories. The simplest, physically, is the absorptive filter; then there are interference or dichroic filters.
Optical filters selectively transmit light in a particular range of wavelengths, that is, colours, while absorbing the remainder. They can usually pass long wavelengths only (longpass), short wavelengths only (shortpass), or a band of wavelengths, blocking both longer and shorter wavelengths (bandpass). The passband may be narrower or wider; the transition or cutoff between maximal and minimal transmission can be sharp or gradual. There are filters with more complex transmission characteristic, for example with two peaks rather than a single band; these are more usually older designs traditionally used for photography; filters with more regular characteristics are used for scientific and technical work.
Optical filters are commonly used in photography (where some special effect filters are occasionally used as well as absorptive filters), in many optical instruments, and to colour stage lighting. In astronomy optical filters are used to restrict light passed to the spectral band of interest, e.g., to study infrared radiation without visible light which would affect film or sensors and overwhelm the desired infrared. Optical

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.992825
Retrieved Text: PIXELTEQ’s ultraviolet (UV) optical bandpass filters deliver precise transmission of specific UV spectral bands while blocking out-of-band signals at higher and lower wavelengths. The multi-edge bandpass filters transmit wavelengths defined by a nominal center wavelength (CWL) and bandwidth (FWHM – Full Width Half Max) while reflecting both shorter and longer wavelengths. Also known as thin film or interference filters, PIXELTEQ’s bandpass filters use multi-layer hard coatings that provide durable performance without fading or aging in high output luminaires.
The UV range extends from 200 – 400nm, below human vision and in the responsivity of UV-optimized silicon detectors. Many applications have valuable spectral signatures in the UV region that can be evaluated using precisely positioned bandpass filters.
Unlike absorptive colored glass or polymer gels, these thin film interference filters are virtually absorption free – providing superior transmission, high-contrast spectral bands, and true lifetime performance. Dichroic bandpass filters can be designed for narrow bandwidths (5 and 10nm typical) or wide bandwidths (50 and 100nm typical). They also have steep edge transitions between the high transmission bandpass and shorter and longer wavelength reflection bands – much steeper than colored glass or polymer gels.
Custom spectral bands are available to match specific bandwidths and cut-on & cut-off wavelengths – engineered for your specific application to deliver the targeted spectral output. These bandpass filters can be patterned on glass optics and wafer-level devices for integrated spectral sensing and imaging. Multiple bandpass filters can also be micro-patterned for multispectral sensing and imaging applications – with potential combinations including UV and visible bands on a common

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.97513
Retrieved Text: An innovative new fluorescence filter block design by Nikon helps to eliminate the possibility of residual stray light that occurs in the microscope fluorescence optical pathway, vastly improving the emission signal-to-noise ratio. Termed the Noise Terminator, this technology directs deviated stray light away from the objective light collection path, resulting in a dramatic improvement in image contrast. This interactive tutorial demonstrates how the Noise Terminator technology functions.
The tutorial initializes a traditional fluorescence filter optical block (from an inverted microscope) containing an excitation and barrier filter, as well as a dichromatic mirror, appearing in the window. Photons (yellow spheres) from the light source enter the filter block from the right-hand side of the window and pass through the excitation filter, which is a bandpass filter allowing primarily wavelengths between 510 and 560 nanometers (green light) to pass through. The light leaving the excitation filter (green spheres) is deflected at a 90-degree angle by the dichromatic mirror and up to the objective and specimen. Some of the shorter and longer wavelengths that are able to pass through the excitation filter (represented in the tutorial as red and blue spheres) are not deflected by the dichromatic mirror and pass through. A portion of these photons, which are a major source of noise in fluorescence microscopy, reflect from the interior of the optical block and are able to traverse the barrier filter at oblique angles to ultimately reach the detector.
In order to operate the tutorial, use the Illumination Intensity slider to regulate the number of photons entering the filter optical

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.768387
Retrieved Text: A tissue oximetry device utilizes at least three or at least four different wavelengths of light for collection of reflectance data where the different wavelengths are longer than 730 nanometers. The three or four wavelengths are utilized to generate a range of reflectance data suited for accurate determination of oxygenated hemoglobin and deoxygenated hemoglobin concentrations. The relatively long wavelengths decrease optical interference from certain dyes, particularly methylene blue and PVPI, which may be present on tissue being analyzed for viability and further enhance the generation of accurate reflectance data. The wavelengths are 760 nanometers, 810 nanometers, and 850 nanometers, or 760 nanometers, 810 nanometers, 850 nanometers, and 900 nanometers.
This patent application claims the benefit of U.S. provisional patent applications 61/642,389, 61/642,393, 61/642,395, and 61/642,399, filed May 3, 2012, and 61/682,146, filed Aug. 10, 2012, which are incorporated by reference along with all other references cited in this application.
The present invention relates generally to optical systems that monitor oxygen levels in tissue. More specifically, the present invention relates to optical probes that include sources and detectors on sensor heads of the optical probes for emitting and detecting light.
Oximeters are medical devices used to measure oxygen saturation of tissue in humans and living things for various purposes. For example, oximeters are used for medical and diagnostic purposes in hospitals and other medical facilities (e.g., surgery, patient monitoring, or ambulance or other mobile monitoring for, e.g., hypoxia); sports and athletics purposes at a sports arena (e.g., professional athlete monitoring); personal or at-home monitoring of individuals (e.g., general health monitoring,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.748844
Retrieved Text: Is the Sun driving ozone and changing the climate?
The central mystery in climate science is the Sun. The direct energy from the 1.4 million-kilometer-wide flaming ball stays remarkably constant. The radiation pours down on us but the relentless sameness of the watts can’t be causing of the swings in temperature on Earth. Something else is going on with the Sun. For one thing, the total light energy coming off the Sun stays almost the same but the type of light changes — the spectrum shifts – with more shorter wavelengths at one point in the cycle and longer wavelengths at the opposite part of the cycle. These have different effects. Shorter wavelengths (UV) generate ozone in the stratosphere and penetrate the ocean. Longer wavelengths don’t. But the Sun is also sending out charged particles and driving a massive fluctuating magnetic field, both of which affect Earth’s atmosphere.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.744081
Retrieved Text: Why is the sky orange and red at sunrise and sunset? A. Gases absorb orange and red light. B. Blue wavelengths are absorbed by the atmosphere. C. The thick atmosphere scatters all but longer wavelengths. D. Only short wavelengths are radiated from the Sun in the morning and evening.
The result is that a dusty or polluted sky is usually more grayish white than blue. Similarly, cloud droplets (typically 10 millionths to 100 millionths of a meter) are much larger than visible light waves, so they scatter light without much color variation. This is why light scattered by clouds takes on the same color as the incoming light.
The weather comes into play as one major component in affecting the color of the sky. WHY IS THE SUNSET ORANGE, THEN RED? As the sun begins to set, light travels farther through the atmosphere before it reaches you and your vision. The longer the distance, the more light it is scattered and reflected.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.734121
Retrieved Text: ALMA image of an enormous sunspot taken on 18 December 2015 with the Band 3 receiver at a wavelength of 3 millimeters. Sunspots are transient features that occur in regions where the Suns magnetic field is extremely concentrated and powerful. They are lower in temperature than their surrounding regions, which is why they appear relatively dark in visible light. The ALMA images are essentially maps of temperature differences in a layer of the Sun's atmosphere known as the chromosphere, which lies just above the visible surface of the Sun (the photosphere). The chromosphere is considerably hotter than the photosphere. Understanding the heating and dynamics of the chromosphere are key areas of research that will be addressed by ALMA. Observations at shorter wavelengths probe deeper into the solar chromosphere than longer wavelengths. Hence, band 6 observations map a layer of the chromosphere that is closer to the visible surface of the Sun than band 3 observations.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.543655
Retrieved Text: My project involved working at an astrophysical observatory at the South Pole! The observatory is run by the Center for Astrophysical Research in Antarctica, and it was built there because atmospheric conditions over the polar plateau are the best in the world for collecting certain types of astronomical data. Earth-based telescopes must contend with atmospheric effects (absorption and emission of energy by atmospheric parcticles) that interfere with detecting radiation from elsewhere in our universe. However, the air above the South Pole is so dry, and the interference from infrared radiation is so slight, that observations can be made here that otherwise would be possible only from telescopes in space!
Astronomers use light at many different wavelengths to investigate the universe. Light in wavelengths our eyes can see (visible light) can be used to study planets, stars, galaxies, and glowing clouds. Astronomers also use light at wavelengths longer than those of visible light: infrared, sub-millimeter, and microwave light. Infrared wavelengths are used to study developing stars. Sub-millimeter wavelengths are used to study molecular clouds and the energy dynamics of star formation. Microwave light is used to figure out how the universe itself came into being! It is present throughout the universe, left over from the "Big Bang" that started everything. Over most of the planet, our atmosphere is not very "transparent" to light wavelengths that our eyes do not see. A big problem for astronomers is water vapor - it interferes with detection of infrared light, and it blocks sub-millimeter radiation. This is a major reason why the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.539127
Retrieved Text: light - a form of energy having wave-like and particle-like properties.
I. We see by visible light. We characterize visible light by colors ranging from red to green to purple. The range of visible colors is often called a "rainbow." People throughout the ages have been familiar with the rainbow. It was realized that a rainbow could be produced by sunlight (white light) passing through a prism. In 1672, Isaac Newton studied this and described how white light is actually a mixture of colored light.
As mentioned on the preceding page, every form of light is associated with a wavelength and an energy. The color red has the longest wavelength of the visible spectrum. Its wavelength is around 700 nanometers (that's the same as 0.00007 centimeters). Every shade of red has its own unique wavelength. It is kind of like a fingerprint for light! The energy associated with a 700 nm wavelength is 1.77 eV (see Planck's Law on how to calculate this), which is the lowest energy for visible light (again, see Planck's Law for more on this). "eV" stands for electron volt, and is a unit of energy. 1 eV = 1.602 x 10-19 joules. The color purple (or violet) has the shortest wavelength of the visible spectrum, at around 400 nm.
II. Past the red end of the visible spectrum is light of longer wavelengths, that our eyes cannot see. This area of the electromagnetic spectrum includes infrared light, microwaves, and radio waves (yes! radio waves are a form of light!).
Infrared light has wavelengths that extend

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.503664
Retrieved Text: Why is the sky blue and why is the Sun red at sunrise and sunset (taking into account the properties of interstellar dust)?
Actually, it is not interstellar dust that is responsible for the color of the sky during the day and the Sun in morning and evening. It is the scattering within the Earth's atmosphere that is responsible.
Visible light is the region of the electromagnetic spectrum with wavelengths from 0.00000035 meters (violet light) to 0.00000075 meters (red light). Light usually travels in a straight line path, but it can be scattered by particles such as the nitrogen molecules in the Earth's atmosphere. This means that portions of the light energy are sent off into different directions. These directions are determined by the size of the wavelength of the light and the size of the particles doing the scattering. For the Earth's atmosphere, the effect is strongest in the shortest wavelengths; the effect is very small at longer wavelengths. The scattering is dominant for the wavelength that we see as blue, and this is why the sky appears blue.
When the Sun is close to the horizon, such as at Sunrise and Sunset, the light must pass through a much longer path in the atmosphere; more of the blue light is scattered out of this direction, leaving only the red light. This is why the Sun appears red at Sunrise and Sunset.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.487295
Retrieved Text: Ultra-short pulse lasers are dominated by solid-state technology, which typically operates in the near-infrared. Efforts to extend this technology to longer wavelengths are meeting with some success, but the trend remains that longer wavelengths correlate with greatly reduced power. The carbon dioxide (CO2) laser is capable of delivering high energy, 10 micron wavelength pulses, but the gain structure makes operating in the ultra-short pulse regime difficult. The Naval Research Laboratory and Air Force Research Laboratory are developing a novel CO2 laser designed to deliver ~1 Joule, ~1 picosecond pulses, from a compact gain volume (~2x2x80 cm). The design is based on injection seeding an unstable resonator, in order to achieve high energy extraction efficiency, and to take advantage of power broadening. The unstable resonator is seeded by a solid state front end, pumped by a custom built titanium sapphire laser matched to the CO2 laser bandwidth. In order to access a broader range of mid infrared wavelengths using CO2 lasers, one must consider nonlinear frequency multiplication, which is non-trivial due to the bandwidth of the 10 micron radiation.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.486984
Retrieved Text: Tattoos have peaked in popularity over the last 10 years but that doesn’t mean people always make the right choice. Tastes, opinions and circumstances change and the latest technology means that tattoos no longer need to be permanent.
How does our laser tattoo removal work?
How long do laser tattoo removal results take?
As with all laser treatments, the number of sessions required will depend upon the size and colour range of the tattoo in question. On average, they take around six treatments to be removed completely. Read more about the process, specific laser systems and clinical results of this groundbreaking solution to tattoo removal below.
Our most advanced systems for tattoo removal.
For safe and effective tattoo removal we recommend the latest StarWalker laser system. It’s the industry leader in tattoo removal with a high-powered, Q-switched, multiple wavelength Nd:YAG laser at its core. Depending on the pigment colour, you’ll need to make use of a range of wavelengths for maximum efficacy when removing more complex artwork.
Full-colour tattoos are increasingly popular, so it pays to have a laser system capable of tackling them all. The QX Max is also available featuring the multi-wavelength Nd:YAG but is overall a less versatile device.
Wavelengths are important with tattoo removal, as for the best results varying wavelengths are required. A precisely controlled Nd:YAG laser at 1064 nm is the most ideal tool for tattoo removal. The safety level of this wavelength is also the most optimal, as it’s selective nature means minimal absorption into the skin’s melanin. To target different colours within the tattoo specifically,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.436983
Retrieved Text: When you listen to the radio, watch TV, or cook dinner in a microwave oven, you are using electromagnetic waves. Radio waves, television waves, and microwaves are all types of electromagnetic waves. They only differ from each other in wavelength. Wavelength is the distance between one wave crest to the next.
Waves in the electromagnetic spectrum vary in size from very long radio waves the size of buildings, to very short gamma-rays smaller than the size of the nucleus of an atom.
Electromagnetic waves can not only be described by their wavelength, but also by their energy and frequency. This means that it is correct to talk about the energy of an X-ray or the wavelength of a microwave or the frequency of a radio wave.
Radio waves have the longest wavelengths in the electromagnetic spectrum. These waves can be longer than a football field or as short as a football. Radio waves do more than just bring music to your radio. They also carry signals for your television and cellular phones.
Infrared light lies between the visible and microwave portions of the electromagnetic spectrum. Infrared light has a range of wavelengths, just like visible light has wavelengths that range from red light to violet. "Near infrared" light is closest in wavelength to visible light and "far infrared" is closer to the microwave region of the electromagnetic spectrum. The longer, far infrared wavelengths are about the size of a pin head and the shorter, near infrared ones are the size of cells, or are microscopic.
Far infrared waves are thermal. In

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.407597
Retrieved Text: There are so many facets of laser and IPL hair removal to understand, that it will be difficult to fit them all into one article, in one month’s magazine. The intent of this is to give you a start on things to think about; a brief look into what is the truth behind all of the hubbub. Like I say to my nervous clients, “Relax, the anticipation is far worse than the actual treatment…” Are you ready?
First question – “How does it work?” Regardless of laser or IPL, we are using light energy to destroy a hair bulb by a process called photothermolysis. Let’s break that down from its latin form. Photo meaning light, therm meaning heat and lysis meaning to destroy. Simply put, we are using light and heat, to destroy the follicle. The goal is to use the right amount of light energy to heat and destroy a hair follicle. The light energy is absorbed and transformed into heat energy by an object referred to as a chromophore. A chromophore is a light absorbing target. In the case of hair reduction, our chromophore is the pigment in the hair follicle. Did you ever walk barefoot onto your driveway or the beach on a sunny day and just about burn the heck out of your feet? That’s because the pigment in the asphalt or the sand had absorbed all of that light energy. Energy is a constant – it changes forms, but never really goes away. So all of that light energy from the sun

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.392075
Retrieved Text: Photolytic fractionation was put on firm theoretical footing beginning with the zero-point energy (ZPE) model of Yung and Miller (1997). During photolysis, N2O undergoes a transition from the electronic ground state to the continuum level B(1A). The larger mass of the isotopically substituted species lowers their ground-state energies, which shifts their absorption spectra to shorter wavelengths (Fig. 14.7). Since most photolysis occurs at wavelengths on the red side of the absorption peak, cross sections for 446 will be larger than for the heavy species and 446 will be photolysed preferentially, leaving the remaining pool enriched in the heavy species. As discussed earlier, the fractionation constant is the ratio of the heavy to light cross sections. The ratio, or fractionation constant, decreases with increasing wavelengths up to the absorp tion peak, where the model predicts that a crossover in the absorption spectra occurs, and the heavy cross sections become larger than the light ones, and the heavy species become depleted.
The model predicts the correct relational order between the heavy N2O fractionation constants, but its quantitative estimates of the constants are about a factor of 2 smaller than laboratory-based results (Rahn et al., 1998; Umemoto, 1999; Rockmann et al., 2000; Turatti et al., 2000; Zhang et al., 2000; Rockmann et al., 2001a). Improvements to the ZPE model using more sophisticated quantum mechanical calculations (Johnson et al., 2001; Blake et al., 2003; Liang et al., 2004) produce quantitative results in good agreement with experiments (Kaiser et al., 2003); though the best matches to the experimental fractionation constants are found

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.3581
Retrieved Text: Experiment: UG-11 – UV = ∼650-1250nm IR.
For well over ten years, I have enjoyed playing around with different wavelengths in my personal photography, most notably, with infrared wavelengths between around 700 and 850nm. These two frames were captured with the only equipment I have currently, that is able to record IR wavelengths, but it’s not ideal for the job as such. They were captured using a UG-11 conversion.
UG-11 blocks visible light from reaching the image sensor, allowing over 99% UV light transmission from around 235-410nm however, much less IR transmission from around 650-1250nm peaking at around only 30% transmission at close to 715nm. This makes UG-11 ideal for UV photography (think: flowers or forensic applications) but less ideal for IR shooting. Though there is no need for an IR filter to be mounted on to the front of the lens (because visible light is already being blocked) a simple UV filter is adequate in order to allow only IR wavelengths to pass. However, because the peak light-transmittance of IR wavelengths is only around 30% of a dedicated IR conversion, it does mean that unless one is happy to record their images at higher ISOs in order to shoot handheld, a tripod will still be required. (Shooting this configuration with a tripod at base ISO would render some fabulous cloud or water movement due to longer Tv necessities for accurate exposures, I would imagine.) Furthermore, good strong sunlight is a must if shooting (handheld) infrared in this way and, as I have discovered, duller daylight is far

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.338348
Retrieved Text: The AKARI Far-Infrared All-Sky image data are completed and released to the researchers across the world. The new AKARI image maps have four to five times better resolution than that of conventional far-infrared all-sky images, as well as data at longer wavelengths. The AKARI image data are expected to contribute to a very wide variety of astronomical studies, for instance in areas of star and planet formation and galaxy evolution.
The far-infrared all-sky image maps are created by the research group of Yasuo Doi, Assistant Professor at the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, the University of Tokyo, and collaborators, using data from the AKARI infrared astronomical satellite (Figures 1 and 2). The data has been released via the Internet from Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS)/ Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).
Dr. Yasuo Doi and collaborators completed creating the image data from FIR all-sky survey observation data provided by the infrared astronomical satellite AKARI. Raw data directly from the onboard instrument cannot be used for scientific research. As raw data contain artifacts from the instruments or space environment, they must be corrected and calibrated. Such data processing takes enormous time, skills, and knowledge about the instrument and is not reasonable to be carried out by each researcher. The image data provided by the research group are already calibrated, so researchers can immediately start their own scientific researches.
The infrared astronomical satellite AKARI was launched in 2006 through the cooperation of ISAS/JAXA, the University of Tokyo and other universities in Japan, as well as the European Space Agency

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.237144
Retrieved Text: to pull back from something. The river receded from its banks during the dry season. I think that my hair is receding from my forehead.
Loeb realized that in a revved-up universe, galaxies eventually would recede from each other at faster than the speed of light.
Sonett said that in theory, the moon will continue to recede from the Earth and the Earth will continue to slow its spin for at least an additional 15 billion years.
history, engineers finally repaired a levee break that had caused the flooding, and the waters began to recede from the largely abandoned New Orleans.
Because the universe is expanding, more distant galaxies recede from Earth faster than nearby ones, and their light is correspondingly shifted to longer, or redder, wavelengths.
Nearby absorption systems recede from Earth at a much slower speed, and the ultraviolet light they absorb from quasars gets shifted to only slightly longer wavelengths.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.940643
Retrieved Text: Optolong H-Alpha 12nm CCD Filter - 50mm Square Unmounted - HAL12-50SQ is no longer available.
This Hydrogen-Alpha 12nm Narrowband Filter by Optolong allows transmission of a 12nm bandwidth of light, centered on the 656nm wavelength. The filter blocks light pollution wavelengths which will greatly improve contrast. Wavelengths responsible for natural light pollution, or skyglow, will be dramatically reduced, as is artificial light pollution caused by high and low-pressure sodium vapor and mercury vapor lights. The result is high-contrast images, revealing the H-alpha line in all its glory. Use this filter alone to bring out the H-alpha line in emission nebulae, or use together with OIII and SII filters to get false color emission line images like the Hubble Space Telescope does.
A 12nm Ha filter is recommended for cameras equipped with an integrated guiding sensor. You’ll have lots more guide stars to choose from with a 12nm filter as opposed to the extra-narrowband 6.5nm version. Like all Optolong filters that are designated as “CCD”, this H-Alpha filter also blocks infrared wavelengths from 700nm to 1100nm so you don't need a separate IR-Cut filter.
The Optolong 50mm Square Unmounted 12nm H-Alpha Filter is made with Schott glass that has been multi-coated with an ion-assisted deposition technology to ensure scratch resistance and stability on the central wavelength or CWL. This filter is designed for use in color filter wheels that accept 50mm unmounted filters in a square format.
Please Note: This h-alpha filter is NOT for use on the Sun. To do so could cause irreparable eye damage or blindness. Don’t even

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.84669
Retrieved Text: Credit: NASA, HST, Peter H. Smith UA Lunar and Planetary Laboratory.
Explanation: The surface of Titan, Saturn's largest moon, is normally hidden from view by its thick, hazy atmosphere. However, for the first time astronomers have been able to see surface features in images like the one above, made at near-infrared wavelengths with the Hubble Space Telescope. At these wavelengths (longer than visible light) Titan's smog like atmosphere begins to be transparent enough to allow glimpses of it's surface. The bright feature seen above is about 2,500 miles across, similar in size to Australia. Astronomers are still trying to work out what the bright and dark areas represent - oceans, continents, craters, or other features. The images represent important information for planning the Cassini mission, scheduled for launch in 1997. The Cassini spacecraft will explore the Saturn system and parachute a probe to Titan's surface.
Tomorrow's picture: A Quasar-Galaxy Collision?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.833055
Retrieved Text: Chinese researchers have turned to the light absorbing properties of butterfly wings to significantly increase the efficiency of solar hydrogen cells, using biomimetics to copy the nanostructure that allows for incredible light and heat absorption.
[...] Ridges running the length of the scale with very small holes on either side that opened up onto an underlying layer. The steep walls of the ridges help funnel light into the holes. The walls absorb longer wavelengths of light while allowing shorter wavelengths to reach a membrane below the scales. Using the images of the scales, the researchers created computer models to confirm this filtering effect. The nano-hole arrays change from wave guides for short wavelengths to barriers and absorbers for longer wavelengths, which act just like a high-pass filtering layer.
So, what does this have to do with fuel cells? Splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen takes energy, and is a drain on the amount you can get out of a cell. To split the water, the process uses a catalyst, and certain catalysts — say, titanium dioxide — function by exposure to light. The researchers synthesized a titanium dioxide catalyst using the pattern from the butterfly's wings, and paired it with platinum nanoparticles to make it more efficient at splitting water. The result? A 230% uptick in the amount of hydrogen produced. The structure of the butterfly's wing means that it's better at absorbing light — so who knows, you might also see the same technique on solar panels, too.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.806707
Retrieved Text: The magnificent and dusty spiral arms of the nearby galaxy Messier 81 are highlighted in these NASA Spitzer Space Telescope images. Located in the northern constellation of Ursa Major (which also includes the Big Dipper), this galaxy is easily visible through binoculars or a small telescope. M81 is located at a distance of 12 million light-years.
The three-panel mosaic is a series of images obtained with the multiband imaging photometer for Spitzer. Thermal infrared emission at 24 microns (top), 70 microns (center) and 160 microns (bottom) is shown in the images. Note that the effective spatial resolution degrades as ones moves to longer wavelengths.
At these wavelengths, Spitzer sees the dust, rather than the stars, within the disc of silicates and carbonaceous grains. It is well-mixed with gas, which is best seen at radio wavelengths, to form the essential ingredients for future star formation.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.770214
Retrieved Text: PURPOSE. Ocular straylight is the combined effect of light scattering in the optical media and the diffuse reflectance from the various fundus layers. The aim of this work was to employ an optical technique to measure straylight at different wavelengths and to identify the optimal conditions for visually relevant optical measurements of straylight.
METHODS. The instrument, based on the double-pass (DP) principle, used a series of uniform disks that were projected onto the retina, allowing the recording of the wide-angle point spread function (PSF) from its peak and up to 7.38 of visual angle. A liquid crystal wavelength tunable filter was used to select six different wavelengths ranging from 500 to 650 nm. The measurements were performed in nine healthy Caucasian subjects. The straylight parameter was analyzed for small (0.58) and large (68) angles.
RESULTS. For small angles, the wavelength dependence of straylight matches the transmittance spectrum of hemoglobin, which suggests that diffuse light from the fundus contributes significantly to the total straylight for wavelengths longer than 600 nm. Eyes with lighter pigmentation exhibited higher straylight at all wavelengths. For larger angles, straylight was less dependent on wavelength and eye pigmentation.
CONCLUSIONS. Small-angle straylight in the eye is affected by the wavelength-dependent properties of the fundus. At those small angles, measurements using wavelengths near the peak of the spectral sensitivity of the eye might be better correlated with the visual aspects of straylight. However, the impact of fundus reflectance on the values of the straylight parameter at larger angles did not depend on the measuring wavelength.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.761858
Retrieved Text: SFP (Small Form-factor Pluggable) module connector with various data speed rate is one of the major optical transceivers used for data communication. With ever-increasing demand for faster speed and higher density, the SFP connectors have experienced several generations of update for the signal speed capability as well as port density, from the original SFP to SFP+ and then to the new SFP28 type. The compatibility of these connecting ports is the pain point for many subscribers in data communication transmission. So what’s the similarities and differences between them and are these module connectors compatible with each other when plugged into switches? SFP28 vs SFP+ vs SFP connector, which one should you choose? This paper will give you the answer.
Specified by a multi-source agreement (MSA), SFP connector was first introduced in early 2000 and designed to replace the previous gigabit interface converter (GBIC) connector in fiber optic and Ethernet high-speed networking systems. Based on the IEEE 802.3, SFF-8472 protocol specification, SFP module connectors has the ability to handle up to 4.25Gb/s with greater port density than the GBIC, which is why SFP is also known as mini GBIC. This allowed it to quickly become the connector of choice for system administrators who liked the idea of being able to significantly increase their output per rack. The SFP connectors can support Gigabit Ethernet, Fibre Channel, Synchronous Optical Network (SONET) and other communication standards.
To cater the need for faster transmission speed, the SFP+ (or SFP10) was introduced in 2006, as an extension of the SFP connector. Based on IEEE802.3ae,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.745506
Retrieved Text: This dramatic new image of cosmic clouds in the constellation of Orion reveals what seems to be a fiery ribbon in the sky. This orange glow represents faint light coming from grains of cold interstellar dust, at wavelengths too long for human eyes to see. It was observed by the ESO-operated Atacama Pathfinder Experiment (APEX) in Chile.
The Large Apex Bolometer Camera (LABOCA) operated at the ESO-operated Atacama Pathfinder Experiment (APEX) in Chile has imaged the invisible band of gas and dust at the Orion Molecular Cloud in the constellation Orion the Hunter.
The constellation Orion is a well known formation of stars that can be seen throughout the world. The name Orion is derived from Greek mythology (Orion the Hunter). Zeus elevates him to the stars upon his death and is also mentioned in Homer's Odyssey where Odysseus sees his shade in the underworld.
Astronomers have used these and other data from APEX along with images from ESA’s Herschel Space Observatory, to search the region of Orion for protostars — an early stage of star formation. They have so far been able to identify 15 objects that appeared much brighter at longer wavelengths than at shorter wavelengths. These newly discovered rare objects are probably among the youngest protostars ever found, bringing astronomers closer to witnessing the moment when a star begins to form.

================



======= Instance Index 118 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are colder or warmer ):

Areas near the equator are warmer than areas near the poles because they receive more direct sunlight.


Places that are near the middle of earth are generally colder or warmer?

Target Text: warmer

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.280352
Retrieved Text: John M. Nelson’s ArcGIS style emulating the maps of Middle-earth is only one of several styles he’s been working on recently. He’s also created other ArcGIS styles emulating classic cartographic designs, including 19th-century physical geography diagrams, Eduard Imhof’s topographic maps, and hachures. Five of these styles, including the Tolkien style, have been collected in a short PDF booklet from Esri, Mapping with Style, Vol. 1, the title of which all but promises at least one sequel.
Previously: Maps Middle-earth Style: By Hand and by ArcGIS.
Dan Bell’s career drawing maps of real-world places in the style of maps of J. R. R. Tolkien’s Middle-earth continues apace; a recent piece, a map of San Francisco, got written up in the San Francisco Chronicle, and his website is full of other recent works.
But computer mapping may be about to overtake hand-drawn illustration. John M. Nelson has created an ArcGIS style that does the very thing Dan Bell does by hand: emulate the maps of Middle-earth executed by Christopher Tolkien and Pauline Baynes. The style is called, naturally, My Precious: John explains it here and here, and demonstrates the style with this map of the Americas.
There are, of course, some flaws in this method: a mechanical representation of a hand-drawn style risks falling into the uncanny valley’s cartographic equivalent, especially when mountain and forest signs are clone-stamped over large areas. And to be honest I’m not a fan of the Aniron font: those letterforms were used in the Lord of the Rings movies, but never the books’ maps, and now they’re

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.479168
Retrieved Text: But if i remember well, then according to the first tome of the History of middle earth book series, the map of the Arda was something like a ship floating in space. A flat "earth" we could say, where the sun and the moon where 2 masts. And in the centre of it was middle earth(thats why its middle ) and in the "driver's position" were the undying lands.
In the history of middle earth book series there are some maps but they are pretty early conceptions. After the creating of the world and the story of the building of valinor there are almost no maps showing arda, but only middle earth.
Harper Collins, London, 2001. Quarter Leather. Book Condition: Near Fine. J.R.R. Tolkien (illustrator). Limited. 8vo - over 7¾" - 9¾" tall. Harper Collins Publishers, the 1st printing of 2001, The Deluxe Limited Edition, limited to 1000 copies worldwide. Comprised of the middle 4 books of the History of Middle Earth Series, edited by Christopher Tolkien, and printed on India Paper. Quarter Bound in Black Leather with Gilt title, Author, Publisher and Tolkien Monogram to the spine. Has the large Tolkien Monogram to the front boards. Housed in custom cloth slipcase with the Tolkien Monogram on the exterior, matching the gilt design on the book. All edges gilded. A beautiful example of the Limited Deluxe edition in unread condition. Creases/waves in some pages and a small semitransparent spot, size 1 mm across, on back of book. Looks like spilled glue from printer's. Few small white spots on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.438545
Retrieved Text: Freshwater has almost no salt in it.
Ponds and lakes are filled with fresh water.
Rivers and streams are moving water.
A glacier is a frozen river of ice.
Plants and animals live in or near freshwater.
About three quarters of the earth's surface is covered with water.
The water biome is divided into freshwater (water with little or no salt in it) in ponds, rivers, streams and marine, or salt water (ocean biome).
A pond is a shallow hole where water collects. Plants generally grow around the edges of the pond, and often right across the whole pond. The temperature of the water is similar at the surface and at the bottom of the pond. The bottom is generally covered with mud. There are usually no waves. In places where winters are very cold, the whole pond can freeze solid.
Some ponds are seasonal, and only fill at certain times of the year when there is rain.
A lake is bigger than a pond, sometimes thousands of square metres. Plants can only grow along the shoreline because the water is too deep away from the edges. Some lakes are so big that there are waves.
In summer, the temperature of the water in a lake is not the same: the top part of the water gets more of the sun's heat and is warm (about 19-25ºC), the middle layer is cooler because it gets less of the sunlight (aobut 8-19ºC) , and the bottom layer, which does not get any sunlight, is quite cold (about 4-8ºC).
In a lake, more creatures live in the warmer layer

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.272573
Retrieved Text: Anaheim, California is one of the Beachcalifornia destinations without a beach. It has Disneyland, however and a variety of rooms and prices that are generally a value compared to surrounding areas. You can stay in surrounding areas and take a bus or drive to Disneyland. A day fee to park at Disneyland is now over $10 so you should factor that into the price of a room elsewhere. As you can see on the map above, most of these hotels are within walking distance or provide bus or shuttle service to the theme park.
One of the most difficult tasks in picking a hotel room is seeing exactly where it is located in relationship to the surrounding area.. Though this is only a small sampling of Anaheim and Garden Grove hotels located near Disney theme parks, it may help you gain perspective, on some of the properties nearby. Below are some web pages for hotels listed here. Happy travels to the Happiest Place on Earth! The are many surrounding cities featuring a large variety of hotels and resorts. Some people like to stay at the beach nearby and others prefer this freeway-close location Anaheim offers near the 5 Freeway to Los Angeles and San Diego. Whatever you choose, you will be able to see how close the places are to Disneyland on this aerial photo above.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.027088
Retrieved Text: Conquer the Blood Hunter & Flesh Burner Warbands in Exclusive Missions to grow your Power and earn Epic Runes!
MIDDLE-EARTH: SHADOW OF MORDOR © 2014 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Developed by Monolith. © 2014 New Line Productions, Inc. © The Saul Zaentz Company. MIDDLE-EARTH: SHADOW OF MORDOR, THE HOBBIT, and the names of the characters, items, events and places therein are trademarks of The Saul Zaentz Company d/b/a Middle-earth Enterprises under license to Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. All rights reserved. All other trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.004725
Retrieved Text: Fenugreek is also called as methi in many places of the world. It is native to the Middle and Near East and is generally used in the Indian subcontinent.
Long walks help you clear your head, pace your thoughts and calm you down. The benefits of walking seem so obvious that they're once in a while discussed.
Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disease in which a person has high blood sugar either because the body does not produce enough insulin or because cells do not respond to the insulin that is produced.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.90482
Retrieved Text: Dr. Timothy R. Furnish applies Primary World analysis-political, cultural, social, and economic- to Middle-earth's 7,000 years of recorded history in High Towers and Strong Places. Steering clear of literary criticism, the standard approach to Tolkien for the last six decades, this book instead uses Tolkien's writings to examine each of the major races of Middle-earth in some detail. It then delves into how each speaking people's anthropological traits informed the political systems they devised. Middle-earth's many states, Beleriand to Barad-dur and Utumno to Umbar, from First through early Fourth Ages, are compared and contrasted with Primary World examples such as Rome/Byzantium; the Carolingian Empire; and the Islamic caliphates before being classified as monarchies, aristocracies or democracies. High Towers and Strong Places also offers a grander geopolitical analysis, looking at the international relations and balance-of-power politics over millennia of Middle-earth's history. Particular attention is paid to little-studied issues: Numenor's Second Age imperialism; the longue duree planning of immortal beings such as Sauron and Galadriel; and Gondor's role as Third Age hegemon. Morgoth and Sauron, powerful but ultimately failed god-kings, receive specific scrutiny-especially the relationships with their minions, both major (Balrogs, Dragons) and minor (Goblins, Orcs and Trolls). High Towers and Strong Places: A Political History of Middle-earth can be read as a stand-alone volume or as an introductory work to the upcoming Bright Swords and Glorious Warriors: A Military History of Middle-earth. Fans of fantasy books and movies, as well as gaming fans will find High Towers and Strong Places a fascinating read as well as a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.892578
Retrieved Text: My daughter name is Geetha Pavani and work as an assistant manager in the Private Sector. She completed her B.tech. Nuclear Family with Traditional Values.
I have a Bachelor's degree and I am employed in private Sector as an engineer - non it currently based in Visakhapatnam. I belong to a middle class, nuclear family with traditional values.
My son has a Bachelor's degree and he is employed in private Sector as an senior engineer - non it currently based in Visakhapatnam. We come from a middle class, nuclear family background with traditional values.
I am employed in Government Sector as a Technical Assistant. I currently live in sriharikota, near nellore because of my job, my native is visakhapatnam. I belong to a Middle class, Nuclear family with Traditional values.
I am good looking down to earth confident person belonging to a well respected family. I believe in living in the present, but with an eye on the future and believe in enjoying every moment of life. I am working in Tech Mahindra as Senior tech support at Hyderabad.
Hai, I am belongs to well respected family , I am simple guy and I strongly believe in humanity . clam going, down to earth , like to go trips for new places ... I feel that attitude is everything ...I respect peoples thoughts and never impose my thoughts on others bcz everyone one having Unique style.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.823559
Retrieved Text: This absorbing guide to the mind behind Middle-earth will introduce or remind readers of the abundance that exists in Tolkien's thought and imagination.
This absorbing guide to the mind behind Middle-earth will introduce or remind readers of the abundance that exists in Tolkien's thought and imagination. Interweaving sections explore The Lord of the Rings and its history; the key themes, concepts and images in Tolkien's work; the people, and places in his life, and his other writings. At the heart of the book is an indispensable A-Z of Middle-earth, with detailed entries on Beings, Places, Things and Events.
This product was added to our catalog on Friday 18 January, 2002.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.79506
Retrieved Text: Loans can be in use to gather round respective requirements. Generally, Britons embezzle loans to money vacation vacations, consolidate still to pay dues on prehistoric loans, subsidize education, fund medical exigencies etc. Loans commonly locomote in two types: unbolted in the flesh loans and barred personalized loans.
Secured personalised loans are availed by homeowners or ethnic group who have something to proffer as collateral in opposition the loan magnitude. Unsecured individualised loans are availed by non-homeowners, who have zero to offer as collateral antagonistic the loan amount; also, these loans are procured by homeowners who are not cocksure of putt thing at interest in opposition the loan amount.
Personal loans can be utilised any which way the recipient requirements as long-acting as the exercise is inside straight boundaries. Secured private loans have their own set of advantages and disadvantages. The advantages next to this loan caste are that the borrowable magnitude is big and the settlement occupancy is long. The one star consequence is that in valise of a money back default, the borrower risks losing the collateral to the investor.
Unsecured of his own loans do not carry the danger of repossession, which is in itself its maximal ascendancy. However, they do come up near glorious revenue enhancement of interest, near the lender doing this to make amends for attainable recipient defaults. One another benefit next to unfastened of your own loans is the expediency cause with these loans. With the rating of collateral not there here, the loans are processed comparatively faster than secured in-person loans.
are, thus,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.566584
Retrieved Text: THE LORD OF THE RINGS ONLINE interactive video game (C) 2010 Turbine, Inc. and patents pending. All rights reserved. Middle-earth Poster Map (C) 2007 The Saul Zaentz Company, d/b/a Middle-earth Enterprises f/k/a Tolkien Enterprises (SZC), under license to Turbine, Inc. All rights reserved. "The Lord of the Rings Online", "Siege of Mirkwood", "Mines of Moria", "Shadows of Angmar", Middle-earth Enterprises logo, "The Lord of the Rings" and the names of the characters, events, items and places therein are trademarks or registered trademarks of SZC under license to Turbine, Inc. Turbine and the Turbine logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Turbine, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other jurisdictions. The ESRB rating icons are registered trademarks of the Entertainment Software Association All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.38594
Retrieved Text: How Much Do We Really Know? Are you kidding me? Of course, I know how many types of water the earth holds! There are two types. Now, if that’s your answer, I am sorry my friend. You are slightly off target. Types of Water on earth are more than two. Well, at least they are present in multiple forms.
In this article, you’ll get to know the types of water and the states it is in on the face of this earth. Being a fisherman, knowing all these states of water and the types will help you. As you’ll be able to discover what fishes you get where and how to catch them. So, let us get to the meaty part of the article.
First of All: Saltwater – The Largest Source!
I know most of my readers already know this fact. It is elementary, guys. Most of the surface water on earth is, you guessed it, “Saltwater.” For a tiny percentage who don’t know, 96% of Earth’s surface water is saltwater. This variant of water is found in oceans.
When you are fishing in saltwater, make sure you get an appropriate “Saltwater Fishing Reel.” If not, you are in for troubles regarding fly line snapping, debris getting stuck inside the spool, and even the equipment falling off at the last moment.
We have Our Freshwater Sources Next!
With the oceans of the earth covered, we now move to lakes and rivers (ponds also do nicely). We see quite a lot of these around ourselves right? So, there must be abundance of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.335476
Retrieved Text: Microsoft Virtual Earth 3D is a geography software that offers you a 3D view of every place that you can find on the Earth’s surface.
Taking a trip in different places near you or traveling around the world could be expensive. Another problem that frightens people to travel is the possibility of getting lost. Some travellers would also want to lessen the chances of missing a tourist spot as they spend too much time in a less amusing place. But now, all this problems can be prevented with the use of Microsoft Virtual Earth 3D.
Microsoft Virtual Earth 3D is a map tool that provides a complete view of the Earth and shows images of different infrastructures and almost everything found on the Earth’s surface. This will be helpful for travellers not to be lost in places they are new with. It could also be beneficial for them to know where the best spots are in a particular place.
It could provide several information regarding chosen projected places. This feature is also provided by Google Maps only that it doesn’t immediately show images of places unlike what Microsoft Virtual Earth 3D does.
Besides that, Microsoft Virtual Earth 3D offers a simple interface. All you have to do is move your mouse to transfer from one place to another. This software also provides simple icons that will help you in knowing different facts about various places.
There is now a new solution that tourists, vacationers or people that simply needs to go to a place can use without wasting time using less

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.330233
Retrieved Text: The geocentric model was developed 1000’s of years ago by Greek philosophers and was the accepted mannequin of the Solar System for centuries. The geocentric says that the earth is the middle of the universe and the solar moon and stars and the planets would travel across the earth. The geocentric system is extra vital of our non-public lives, though there are some exceptions to be thought-about when one will get into particulars. This chart can in principle be used for any asset (generally with minor adjustment).
This is because astrology is geocentric which implies that Earth is considered as being the center of the solar system. Rulerships are acquainted, and so forth. The huge advancement in understanding our role in this common ecological system and in timing changes makes the trouble greater than worthwhile. The house position of heliocentric planets is at all times important, especially if there’s any contact with the Ascendant or Midheaven. I will put up some photos in the next few days to show you what the chart seems like.
Today, this is a undertaking of school undergraduates (see Interplanetary Trajectory Development ). I ran simple photo voltaic system fashions on an N-body code I wrote on an Apple II( Wikipedia ) again in 1980 whereas an undergraduate. As you move north or south from the equator for a beginning location the distortion of the homes enhance and the likelihood of interception also will increase.
The planetary influence from the heliocentric system draws us out to work together with the bigger world, to those

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.292152
Retrieved Text: With the decision to construct produced, Shelley and Dan now had the challenging job of locating a lot. National builders such as Lennar Houses have also created a NextGen home which is described as a home inside a home, with a lot of places for family to interact, but private places as well so loved ones members have their personal space to retreat. His wife has perfect taste-there are not many houses where I love everything about it. This visit reminded me how difficult it can be correct now and I couldn’t dare pass up an opportunity of a pal getting 1.five hours away with her youngsters. Large homes supplied a back garden that could be seen from a big dining space window. Public transportation in the US is awful, and P/T jobs pay so little, some don’t even cover rent.
Instead of making use of wood for construction, earth-sheltered homes generally rely on concrete. The properties that are for sale have the original carpets and very small upgrades from the 1950s. The middle class moved to single homes outside the city while inner city higher rise housing projects crowded low income folks into huge prison-like structures that warehoused the poor. The price showed, if left as is, was based on the cheapest of their pre-chosen windows, floor coverings in your colors, paint, counters, I imply move in ready properties. My husband has to have a six hr infusion each other month and we have to leave Bruno by himself although we are gone. Our Oakley Sunglasses

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.184946
Retrieved Text: DEATH VALLEY – famously known as the hottest place on earth – is a place where sculpted rock layers form deeply shadowed, eroded crevices at the foot of silhouetted hills, their exotic minerals turning ancient mud flats into rainbows of sunlit iridescence. Throughout the summer, the temperature averages 112°F and the hot ground can reach near boiling. Better to come in spring, when wild flowers are in bloom and it’s generally mild and dry. The central north–south valley contains two main outposts, Stovepipe Wells and Furnace Creek, site of the visitor centre.
Dante’s View, 21 miles south on CA-190 and ten miles along a very steep access road, offers a fine morning vista in which the pink-and-gold Panamint Mountains are highlighted by the rising sun. Near Stovepipe Wells, some thirty miles northwest of Furnace Creek, spread fifteen rippled and contoured square miles of ever-changing sand dunes. The most popular sight, though, is the surreal Scotty’s Castle, forty miles north of Stovepipe Wells, built in the 1920s as a luxury desert retreat; tours take in the decorative wooden ceilings, indoor waterfalls and a remote-controlled player piano.
When travelling through this shadeless, desiccated area, be careful about heading out in the middle of the day (when the danger of heatstroke is at its worst), and always carry plenty of water for both car and body.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.093933
Retrieved Text: The villain of J.R.R. Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings trilogy is one of the most thoroughly evil characters in literature. There is no questioning his malice and no hope of compromise or peace. Sauron, the dark Lord of Mordor, shares many similarities to Satan, the enemy of the Christian story. Like Satan, Sauron also tries many ways to dominate his enemies. He works not by marching powerful armies into the field, but by dividing and corrupting his enemies, the free people of Middle Earth. This is manifested in ways that are similar to the ways Satan works to divide and corrupt Christians.
Although the power of his armies rightly receives much attention, Sauron’s power to divide his enemies should not be underestimated. One of the more interesting scenes in the first book is the Fellowship’s arrive to the elven haven of Lothlorien. A relic of past times, Lorien is one of the few remaining places of peace and beauty in Middle Earth. However, there is a tense scene as they enter because the elves of Lorien do not fully trust the members of the company. The elves of Lorien are particularly reluctant to allow Gimli the dwarf to enter due to the long-standing animosity between the two races. They resolve the situation by letting the party in but forcing them to wear blindfolds as they enter Lorien.
Both parties in this scene acknowledge the tragedy of the situation. One of the elves of Lothlorien laments that “In nothing is the power of the Dark Lord more clearly shown

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.055098
Retrieved Text: Our planet, Earth, has a thousands and thousands places that are beautiful, marvelous and breathtaking. Some of them look so unreal, that will confuse you. You will come in position to make a question are they real on not.
Seasides, lakes and everything else that makes this planet unique place for living is created in shape that any human can never make. Maybe the place somewhere near place you live is what impress you, or the place you have visited. All over the world there are places, areas that even photographies (perfect like those in this article) can not show you the real beauty of certain place.
Open your eyes and see the little things that make this nature beautiful. If you look it with your heart wide open, even if the eyes are closed, you will fall in love, I am sure.
Architecture Art Designs has prepared a marvelous collection of 25 unique places that can be found on Earth. Look at them and tell us do you also think like we are, that this places are so beautiful that you will getting impression like they are unreal. Is it hard to believe they actually exist?
31 Most Beautiful Places You Must Visit Before You Die!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.996124
Retrieved Text: The rules of this game are simple: average Americans are abandoned in the middle of some of the most unforgiving places on earth. Divided into teams, they particiapte in challenges and every three days, the losing tribe must trek to Tribal Council to vote out one of their own. Halfway through the game, the game shifts to individual competitions when the tribes merge and become one, making the game every man for himself. The game is simple: Outwit, Outplay, Outlast, by winning Immunity, thus not being eligible to have votes cast against yourself. However, the players must be careful about who they send packing - after the merge, a jury of seven begins to form, and each week they return to watch the Tribal Council ceremony. At the end of the game, they vote for one of the members of the final two to win One Million Dollars. Who will become the next Survivor? Generally, each season begins with a twist - something different to surprise the new castaways. Survivor is a game of adaptation, and the final two of each season, listed below, were the players most able to adapt to their surroundings and to the people they are playing with. Survivor focuses on the people, and the social commentary that surrounds them. How can these players Outwit, Outplay, and Outlast is the question that the game revolves around.
Page rendered in 0.413 seconds. Memory usage 408.58 kb.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.901552
Retrieved Text: 31/05/2012 · Climate change itself is already in the process of definitively rebutting climate alarmists who think human use of fossil fuels is causing ultimately catastrophic global warming.
Global cooling was a conjecture during the 1970s of imminent cooling of the Earth's surface and atmosphere culminating in a period of extensive glaciation.
Shocked scientists told reporters that the Earth is cooling at a dramatic and alarming rate. Global warming has been the subject of so many discussions in recent years, but scientists now say that the world is not warming, but instead is becoming cooler – by the day!
Solar activity can affect Earth's climate, but the idea that the current global warming trend is fueled by the sun is "nuts," one researcher says.
Empirical measurements of the Earth's heat content show the planet is still accumulating heat and global warming is still happening. Surface temperatures can show short-term cooling when heat is exchanged between the atmosphere and the ocean, which has a much greater heat capacity than the air.
The argument that "Earth hasn't warmed as much as expected" generally relies on ignoring the factors which have a cooling effect on the Earth's temperatures, and the planet's thermal inertia, which delays the full amount of global warming.
yes, the BBC will not discuss alternative views to the so called established IPCC’s misguided dogma here in the UK. Research suggests we are entering a global cooling phase caused by a reduced magnetosphere on the sun, plus reduced solar irradiance in the UV and near UV radiation.
Global warming is dead on arrival. We

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.89454
Retrieved Text: This scene was at the feet of Fiona Tan when she made film shots in the radioactive area near Fukushima, Japan. It marks the flawless eye of the artist that she immediately recognised the power of the image.
Tan visited for her new work, the triptych Ghost Dwellings, three places on earth where the residents have moved away due to decay, devastation or lack of money. This produced powerful images of abandoned houses, buildings and streets, but at the same time Tan also looked for signs of renewed energy and flourishing on these ruins. Tan named this 'aftermath'; literally vegetation that reappears after the harvest.
This photo is a beautiful representation of that concept; in the flared grass there is a pot shard of something that has undoubtedly been a porcelain dish or plate. Delftware? Is it perhaps a Dutch shard in Eastern earth? Although the piece of pottery is in the middle of the image, nature is the actual subject of the picture. It struggles and comes up again. The visual rhyme between the motif on the dish and the grass surrounding it seems almost too good to be true. And everything from the dewdrops on the grass, to the small plant that works its way up, speaks a hopeful positivity.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.806488
Retrieved Text: There are places on this planet that not even a camera could explain, and only through imagination and first eye view can bring that feeling of being on heaven.
Our planet, the planet we take for granted, has many of the most amazing inspiring and mysterious places, beautiful landscape and great scenery. Here are 6 Places on Planet Earth that’ll make you feel like you’re in heaven!
Well known for it’s “Chocolate Hills”, this natural wonder is one of the most mysterious hills only found in the Philippines that appear as if giant moles have dug up the ground, these beautiful hills go green during rainy season and chocolate brown during dry season. Bohol is known for another mysterious big eyed creature too, the Philippine Tarsier.
Located 30 meters deep on the bed of the Traful Lake in Patagonia, this mysterious submerged forest recreates a landscape of fantasy, dazzling those who dare to dive between giant trees that are almost intact from under the lake.
Stunning areas of karst formations are located in the region of Wulingyuan. The Wulingyuan region, which is in China retains a forest near the city of Zhangjiajie, known as Xihai Stone Forest which has more than 3,100 stone pillars of karstic origin that are up to 200 meters in the middle of a dense forest. It is an area of wonderful landscape and scenery, recognized as World Heritage since 1992.
The Okavango River, unlike the majority of the water channels, flows into a desert. But it does so in a special way: each rainy season it

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.790752
Retrieved Text: November 2011 on Lake Erie - photo from the Miller Boat by m.a.m.
St. Paul&apos;s invites your church or Christian group to plan your own retreat at Put-in-Bay. We will help you plan your retreat - offer you meeting space.
On Sundays, we invite churches from Northern Ohio to Pray-At-The Bay. Begin with our 9am summer chapel service, enjoy a picnic lunch and spend the day exploring the island. Contact St. Paul&apos;s for details.
In the Celtic tradition such places that give us an opening into the magnificence and wonder of that Presence are called “Thin Places.” There is a Celtic saying that heaven and earth are only three feet apart, but in the thin places that distance is even smaller. A thin place is where the veil that separates heaven and earth is lifted and one is able to receive a glimpse of the glory of God..
Do you know of one near St Paul&apos;s? Please sed us your photo or description.
Known as spaces where we can seek God -- see our labyrinth web page for information about St Paul&apos;s labyrinth which was dedicated on October 23rd 2011 and the story of how it came to our parish.
Encounter God’s presence in the beauty of an island with “Thin Places" - those places where heaven & earth seem close together.
Note: Individuals planning to stay on the island should make their own hotel reservations.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.753809
Retrieved Text: The Maiar are less powerful than the Valar, the gods of Middle Earth; some kind of angelic, elemental spirits.
All of them serve their particular Valar.
I didn't draw the later Blue Wizards or Balrogs, for I had no real picture of them in mind (yet).
Btw: Even non-Silmarillion-readers will discover some people they know in the first and last row.
Eonwe: Manwe’s banner-bearer and herald, one of the chiefs of the Maiar, said to be the best in Arda with weapons.
Ilmare: Varda’s handmaiden, one of the chiefs of the Maiar, her name may mean as much as ‘starlight’.
Mairon: Originally one of the Maiar of Aule, Mairon’s love for crafting and perfection made him the ideal victim for Melkor, for whom he spied some time before he joined him openly and made quite a career under his new name Sauron ("The Abhorred"). After his master was finally kicked into the Void by the other Valar, Sauron took over business very successfully.
Melian: Serving Vana and Este, Melian accidently fell in love with the later great elvenking Thingol and stayed with him in Middle Earth. They had one beautiful daughter named Luthien, who became quite legendary. After Luthien chose mortality and Thingol’s –violent- death, Melian returned to Valinor.
Arien: Serving Vana and Varda, Arien was one of the few Maiar of flame unspoiled by Melkor and chosen to guide the sun. It’s said her eyes were so bright that nobody could look into them.
Tilion: Originally one of Oromes hunters, Tilion loved silver and was chosen to guide the moon. He was a bit

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.748913
Retrieved Text: Throughout history, blood moons have been associated with bad omens. In Chinese tradition, a blood moon foreshadowed famine or disease. Mesopotamians believed that a lunar eclipse resulted from attacks by demons. But on Sept. 27, from 10:11 p.m. to 10:37 p.m., when the moon turned red, there were no famines or attacks. Beautiful and eerie, this colouration is caused by a total lunar eclipse. Unlike solar eclipses, which are rare and only visible from specific places on Earth, lunar eclipses occur at least twice a year. They’re visible to almost any part of the world, as long as it’s night when the eclipse is happening.
What made this particular lunar eclipse so special was that this occurred during a supermoon—when the moon is at its closest point to Earth during its orbit, and looks bigger than normal. This was the first time in over 30 years that a supermoon and a lunar eclipse coincided.
A lunar eclipse occurs when the sun, Earth, and moon are aligned with Earth in the middle. As the moon creeps into the Earth’s shadow, it gradually disappears from the view of people on Earth. Once the moon enters the umbra—the central part of Earth’s shadow where all direct sunlight is blocked—a total lunar eclipse occurs. At this point, the sunlight that passes through the periphery of Earth’s atmosphere is scattered, giving the moon a red hue.
In the same week, NASA scientists released their latest discovery—evidence of water on Mars. Published in Nature Geoscience, the article detailed their use of Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.728674
Retrieved Text: The Order of Middle Earth - Unite, or you will fall!
*Note* This is a new Vent as of May 2015! Please update.
Welcome to the Order of Middle Earth!
We are a large, casual kinship with a family feel. Our friends in the order are varied in playstyle and in-game interest. While we are a casual kin we do host weekly raids and a number of other events that appeal to players of all levels and class.
Our officers are friendly and knowledgeable and are always on hand to assist with questions and gameplay.
We are always seeking new friends to join our ranks, to rise up against the evil sweeping over Middle Earth! Will you join us on our journey?
We have a vast kin spread across the world. Events are generally organized into 3 different shifts - Day Shift (Green), Evening(Red), and Twilight(Black). You can check the timezone below to calibrate yourself to the different shifts. Note that the shift color is used on calendar event to help you quickly spot runs in your play time.
Kelraenil: Is everyone gone? I miss you all - miss vent too.
Nicknac: Woohoo! I am in da club!!
Cataclysman: yep. heading into glacier natl park tomorrow morning on six day backpack trip. have javelin and spear ready for grizzlies. i think a few surety of death gambits, i can survive anything. will post photos in a coupla weeks.
Snorrinson: you take those pictures?
Knight: Throne T2c every Fri @ 7pm server time. Also additional runs (subject to players) during week - watch the calendar!
Knight: Throne (T2c) -

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.677927
Retrieved Text: Geography helps students make sense of their own experiences in the world, that is, to develop their everyday geographies. Everyday geographies refer to the knowledge bases students build up over time through their interactions with a variety of landscapes on a daily basis (Catling & Willy, 2009).
It develops students’ awareness of other people and their cultures, and places and environments in the wider world.
It engages students in geographical inquiry about the spatial matters and issues about the world they live in by using a variety of approaches and tools such as maps and photographs.
It fosters an attitude in students that values the Earth as their home and helps them understand the importance of sustainable living.
It develops students to be thoughtful and responsible global citizens who are conscious of the impacts of their decisions and actions on their own lives and others and on places far and near.
In the primary social studies curriculum, the key geographical concepts included are place, space, environment and human-environment interaction (MOE, 2012).
A place has physical and/or human features that make it unique from other places and gives it a distinctive identity. Through our experiences with places, whether direct or indirect, we develop images or perceptions of places, cultivate a sense of place and a connection (or a disconnection) with places that we are familiar with, read or hear about. Hence, places exist as both real and perceived entities and people’s ideas and feelings about the same places can differ from person to person (Catling & Willy, 2009).
As places are physical entities, they

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.66568
Retrieved Text: Housing is one of the most fundamental needs for human survival and yet it is one of the most debated among all levels of government, the public sector and among scholars. As cities began to sprawl in the 1940s and 50s, and through the process of filtering, cities experienced a massive movement of their middle-class populations to the new promise land of suburbia. The dwellings they left behind near the inner-city were generally taken over by working class populations who were looking to better their housing situations. With time, middle-class populations also followed their predecessors to the suburbs, leaving behind the working poor, racial minorities and new immigrants. Starting in the 1970s, a back-to-the-city movement called gentrification occurred. Gentrification is characterized by the restoration of old run down inner city homes for the well-to-do. This started a new wave of investment near the city cores. This latest phase of urban development has led to the displacement of low-income earners from their traditional places of residence. Drawing from the vast bank of urban geography literature, this research explores the impact of gentrification on the growing homelessness problems within North American cities. It also looks at the roles and responsibilities that different levels of government and the public sector play in finding solutions to this problem.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.663094
Retrieved Text: The Cotterel Mountains are a ten mile long range with a very steep east escarpment in places. They lie where the Raft River Valley opens out onto the Snake River Plain and east of the Albion Range. They and the Jim Sage Mountains to the south (see about them further below) were once called the “Malta Range.” The Cotterels are destined to become a wind farm. Copyright © Ralph Maughan.
What interesting features lie hidden in the recesses of the Pleasantview Hills?
This is what you find in every canyon. Totally grazed out land with all semblance of the watercouse gone. This is Elkhorn Canyon in the Pleasantview Hills. Photo copyright Ralph Maughan.
Guess which side of the fence in the Pleasantview Hills is private land and which is public land “managed” by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management?
Private land on left. BLM on the right.
Dead cow in Morgan Jones Canyon. Pleasantview hills. Dead cows are common in the Hills.
Google Earth photo of Wood Canyon in the Pleasantview Hills. This is what happens when a grazed out canyon was closed to grazing for two years.
The Raft River Range is very unusual because it runs from east to west, instead of the general north to south that is typical of the Great Basin ranges as well as the Rocky Mountains. This is a moderately tall and fairly large, generally flat-topped uplift on the Idaho/Utah border, not far east of Nevada. Copyright © Ralph Maughan. May 2008. The photo was taken from near Dove Creek Pass on the west side of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.649445
Retrieved Text: It's been a crazy week for me, so I thought it might be nice to end it with a little inspiration. These are photos that I took a few weeks ago at one of my favorite places in Cincinnati, Krohn Conservatory. Krohn is a huge greenhouse that is architecturally gorgeous and full of breathtakingly lush scenery. I've been going there since I was a child, and I've been trying to take my children there every couple of months, and they enjoy it just as much as I do.
So gorgeous, right? Mother nature is pretty spectacular. One of these days I'm going to break out my paints and create some paintings based on these photos. Wouldn't that be fun?
If you are ever in the area, you need to schedule a visit to Krohn Conservatory. You won't be sorry!
Thsoe orchids are beautiful. I never got to visit the Observatory. I really wanted to when they had that Brazilian butterfly exhibit.
Thank for the lovely pictures of the orchids. I miss going to conservatories to enjoy the true beauties of our earth.
When I was in college I would go to the university ran "woods" and conservatory when I needed to get away. When I lived near Chicago I would go to the flower shows in the middle of winter when the snow was not fresh, but grey like the sky. It was so refreshing.
I am glad you are sharing this experience with your children.

================



======= Instance Index 1918 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are speed up or slow down ):

For a given medium, sound waves travel more slowly at lower temperatures.


When it is very warm what happens to the speed of items speed up or slow down?

Target Text: speed up

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.335556
Retrieved Text: A busy day yesterday, cleaning house. Both indoors and out, indoors after it gets much too warm or humid outside to stand it any longer. We've both been in some doldrums for a bit, it feels good to be breaking out. Front door steps cleaned off, need more scrubbing yet are now once again usable. Items moved to storage, or to the Garage Sale pile; we aren't holding a garage sale per se, the Shire Herself plays with in SCA is going to do so. So there are items being rounded up for that. A lot of shredded paper was going out, but Herself stopped me on that as there is to be a paper-making class with that same Shire. So the shredded paper will go there.
Houdini spent a good amount of time this week and weekend inside with us, hiding from thunderstorms. It's remarkable how calm he will remain, even when startled/scared by a very loud and close thunderclap, when he's with his people. Herself says it's even more noticeable when he's with me. I make no claims on that.
Thought to do some artwork yesterday morning before heading out for rounds. Instead, simply some image file organisation and ordering. Eliminating excessive backups (yes, it's possible, if they are all on the same hard drive) by copying elsewhere or deleting, if in multiple locations. Decreasing storage size on the internal HD by converting RAW files to JPG, then as part of that same excessive backup thing, deleting the RAW files on the internal HD. I'm finding

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.215786
Retrieved Text: I have a 2001 Ezgo Electric cart (36 volt, Raptor Motor, 500 Amp GE Speed Controller) and had a strange noise come from the motor today.
I was on a ride for about 1.5 hour and was at medium to low speed with 4 people on the cart. At the end of the ride the motor started to make a high pitch whining sound when I was on the accelerator. Once I got home I noticed the speed controller was warm and so was the motor.
After I inspected the cart, I took it for another ride and the sound did not return.
Question....Is it heat related ? Why would this sound happen ? Is the motor going bad ?
Re: Electric Motor Problems !!!
From what I've read, slow speed or four people takes more Amps.
You were doing both, that would explain the heat.
Hour and a half might have been close to the end of your batteries' capacity.
Depending on how full a charge you had to start.
What batteries do you have, what is their AH rating and how old are they?
and what were the individual battery voltages.
snowman.....you said that the motor and controller were WARM.....could you hold your hand on them? if so, that is ok, as they were only WARM, not hot. I have the same motor as you.....and a 500A controller.
Remac, I have Trojan batteries, 105 I think. The batteries are 2 years old. I had a full charge when I left and came back with about a 2/3 left. I did not check the pack voltage or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.031738
Retrieved Text: 1. How to clean acrylic crystal?
Use a soft wet sponge and lightly wipe away loose dirt or dust. Do not use paper towels. Do not use liquids containing ammonia or alcohol.
2. How to clean stubborn stains or finger prints on acrylic crystal?
These are cleaned by removing them using a mild detergent and warm water on a soft wet sponge. Dry the product with a clean, damp chamois or a soft, lint-free cloth. Do not use paper towels. Do not use liquids containing ammonia or alcohol.
3. How to remove scratches from acrylic crystal?
Use a soft cloth, add silver polish and slowly wipe the scratch with a circular movement, until the scratch disappears. .
4. From what is it made?
It is made from acrylic crystal with inlaid fabrics, natural fibers, gold/silver/copper leaf, chicken wire, bi or tricolored. The production is manufactured by specialized Italian artisans only.
5. What colours the items?
The colours are obtained by using inlaid fabrics, natural fibers, gold/silver/copper leaf, chicken wire, bi or tricolored acrylic crystal.
6. Are the items suitable for food use?
Yes, acrylic crystal has been amply tested and can be used safely for food.
7. Do the items degrade?
No, they do not degrade if used in the correct manner.
8. Do the colours resist to sunlight?
The inlaid fabrics could fade in the long run.
9. Can the items be used?
Yes of course if used correctly, for example a tray for serving, a bookend as a decoration.
10. Can the items be used outdoors?
Yes they can also be used outdoors because they are resistant to a sun and rain.
11. What

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.941248
Retrieved Text: Belt Conveyors. By. Benjamin Gagne. Background.
There are many different kinds of conveyor systems out there. First what is the basic idea of a conveyor system, how and why is it used in many of today’s industrial settings. A conveyor system is used to get a item for one place to another, this item can be large, small, irregular shape, light or heavy. Not only can conveyors move items from one point to another it can be used in an assembly line so as the product is going through the conveyor it is being made or assembled. Conveyors can move items up an incline or vertically with another conveyor sandwiches the item in place. These are versatile tools for production in the industry world if the right one is implemented for a job.
Some companies in the industry will require a belt conveyor system to meet a certain standard. These standards insure the safety of the conveyor but also effectiveness of it.
Standards will include handling and storage of belts, strengths of belts, and dimension restrictions of each part in the system.
Sizing a motor can be very difficult and sometimes takes trial and error.
Items to consider when sizing the motor.
Basic idea is to know all the forces working against the motor.
1 HP equals 33,000 ft-lbs per minute. Belt speed will be in ft/min and belt pull in lbs.
A transmission is used to get the power from the motor to the belt. It can be a direct drive but a transmission is typically used when the system needs to be

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.73517
Retrieved Text: Excellent online experience!It is pleased to get this items with cheap price and the quality is good.
This item is one of the best items I have bought.This is the style which is my best like.
Nice product satisfaction and speed of delivery thank youI love them!
Express delivery speed is quickly.The service is top notch and warm and friendly.
Excellent value for money.I live in CA and being able to get this orders at a lower price as well as without sales tax !!!
Site is very simple to navigate and price is great!SOO FASHIONABLE!!! Great buy!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.70553
Retrieved Text: All shipping labels are automatically crated using the shipping address information in your PayPal account. If you need items shipped to a different addres please go to your PayPal account and add an additional address before making a purchase.
What is the difference between Cool White & Warm White bulbs ?
Cool White LED bulbs have a color temperature range of 6000 - 6500°k . Cool White is sometimes referred to as Day Light.
Warm White LED bulbs have a color temperature range of 3000 - 3200°k . Warm White is the closest match to the color of a traditional incandescent or halogen light bulb.
Traditional incandescent and halogen bulbs have a color temperature of 2700 - 2900°k.
What if my bulbs are installed behind a colored lens ?
If you plan on installing bulbs behind a colored lens we recommend using a bulb that is closest to the lens color. If you are installing bulbs behind a clear or frosted lens use the bulb color that provides the desired light color. Following these steps will give you the best color and performance from your lights.
What happens if I have a problem ?
Our goal is 100% customer satisfaction. If you have any questions or concerns contact us as soon as possible and we will do our best to resolve the issue in a way that puts a smile on your face !
What is the best way to contact Stillookin007 Led Bulbs ?
Always use the eBay message system. Using the message system will keep a record of all communications between buyer & seller

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.53166
Retrieved Text: For several years, the primary focus for most (if not all) online businesses was to attract and onboard new customers. Of course, this is completely understandable. After all, customers are revenue, revenue is capital, and capital is the lifeblood of every business — online or offline.
Customers are no longer exclusively evaluating their experience by what happens on the front-end of the transaction; e.g. learning about products and services, building relationships with businesses, and making a secure and easy online purchase. Customers are just as interested in what happens after the transaction and, specifically, on ecommerce fulfillment.
These days, customers are much more interested in – and influenced by – convenience rather than speed. For example, they want to know that costly items will not be left on a porch, and that items will be either delivered when they are home, or sent to a nearby (and of course, secure) collection point. This does not mean that speed is optional; obviously that is not the case. But speed without convenience is not a formula for providing exceptional customer experience.
In the past, shipping information typically began and ended with a generic email saying “your order has shipped.” However, today’s ecommerce customers have much higher expectations, and want to be in the loop about when their order is being prepared, when it ships, and how quickly it is heading towards them. Notably, many customers will tolerate a delay and will not punish an online business if they know about it in advance.
The “un-boxing” movement that has inspired thousands of YouTube

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.335947
Retrieved Text: Suzuki Z400 Forum : Z400 Forums > :::Performance and others::: > Maintenance/Repairs/Tuning > LTZ 400 current problems?
This happens when the engine is hot after riding in slow speed for 20-25 mins.
If the engine is hot and it is riding in high speeds it don't do this.
When the engine is back cool it would start right back up and act normally like nothing ever happened. My spark plug is fine but i am getting a very very weak spark.
I do not think it is overheating because my fan comes on and the temperature light does not come on . I use pre-diluted coolant with an extra liquid the dealer give me to raise the boiling point of the coolant.
I want to try another cdi but there is only 3 z's on my Island and their harness is different.
Last edited by The Tru; 04-10-2018 at 07:37 PM.
what happens when you loosen the gas cap ?
In your pm, you mentioned it does the same thing with a stock carb and an FCR. I see you have a raptor petcok as well and have tried opening the gas cap. Other than a fuel line being linked or dirt in the gas tank, that pretty much rules out fuel delivery.
I would be sure no wires in the CDI harness are touching the exhaust or engine block. They can warm up and change their resistance enough to affect the CDI.
You can also check the resistance on the coil as per the manual. Check it when cold and immediately after it starts acting

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.30958
Retrieved Text: I didn’t really intend to make this post on 9/11. It’s not very 9/11-ish. It’s about some really really good chili, and just happens to be posted today, on 9/11/13. 9/11 still breaks my heart. And on days like today, it’s nice to remember to ‘hug the ones you love’ just a little bit tighter.
People always claim their chili is ‘The Best In the World’. I won’t say this is the best chili in the world…but that’s only because I haven’t tried all of the chili in the entire world. But it is really really good. So that’s what I have named it.
Chock full of veggies and spices, it dances in your mouth with flavor and warms you up with a huge hug, which is exactly what I needed a few nights ago when I made it. Sick with the ‘let’s go back to school and share all of our germs’ upper respiratory crud, I needed something warm, full of nutrients, and spicy enough to have flavor over my stuffy nose.
I know this looks like a lot of ingredients but it’s really not complicated – the majority of them are spices. Just trust me here.
8. Bring to a low boil, then reduce the heat, stirring frequently, for about 20 minutes. To speed the process you can cover with a lid.
9. Serve warm with toppings of your choice: Tofutti sour cream, cheese (Nathan’s favorite!), crackers, ect.
10. Store leftovers in an airtight container in the fridge.
11. Should freeze well! Although, I haven’t tried it with this recipe in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.223696
Retrieved Text: How does a hang glider work?
How can hang gliders stay aloft for hours without motorized propulsion?
How does a pilot steer a hang glider?
Why must pilots know about geography and meteorology ?
the angle at which a glider meets the air flowing over it. Decrease the angle of attack, and the glider dives and speeds up. Increasing the angle of attack slows the glider.
the speed at which the glider is passing over the ground. Ground speed is a result of airspeed and wind speed.
when air temperature drops rapidly at higher altitudes. This makes thermals rise more rapidly, offering more lift for gliders.
Usually, when somebody tells you to "take a flying leap," they don't really expect you to fly. But you can if you know what you're doing and have a hang glider strapped on. Hang gliders work on the same principle as any winged aircraft. As the wings move forward, air is deflected above and below. The air traveling over the curved wing must travel farther--and faster--than the air below. When air speeds up, it drops in pressure, creating a low-pressure zone above the wing. This in turn gives the air traveling below greater relative pressure and the strength to push up the wing. To become airborne, a hang glider's airspeedmust equal about 20 mph. Airspeed is a combination of the pilot's running speed and the speed of the wind coming toward the pilot. Many different combinations are possible. If a pilot is running at 20 mph, no wind is necessary. (But this is unlikely, since the world's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.213207
Retrieved Text: A stylish lamp in natural slate veneer that looks great during the day and even more so at night. The amazing and surprising transformation happens when the lamp is lit. It emanates a warm, subtle glow in any given space and creates a very cosy and homely atmosphere. Each piece is unique and a product of nature, there will not be a second one that looks the same.
The lid and the bottom section are made from beautiful walnut wood and are carefully finished with a furniture grade varnish.
The lamp’s light source comes from economical LED's with very low power consumption and is fed from a standard USB power plug.
Unless we have items in stock, we will need 1-2 weeks to finish the order as each item is handmade, but we will always try to ship sooner when we can.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.156467
Retrieved Text: This is the same type of service manual your local dealer will use when doing a repair. Sooner or later, maintenance will need to be performed. Be prepared for it when it happens by simply purchasing this service manual for later use! Register a Free 1 month Trial Account. This Service Manual contains comprehensive instructions 17. The engines are a modified Daihatsu Charade 1. This manual has detailed illustrations as well as step by step instructions.
It has a five-speed manual transmission or a four-speed automatic transmission. The problem is that once you have gotten your nifty new product, the daihatsu terios j100 1997 1999 workshop service manual gets a brief glance, maybe a once over, but it often tends to get discarded or lost with the original packaging. Using this repair manual is an inexpensive way to keep your vehicle working properly. Daihatsu Terios J100 1997 1999 Workshop Service Manual can be very useful guide, and daihatsu terios j100 1997 1999 workshop service manual play an important role in your products. See below for a list of items that most of our manuals cover.
Some manuals actually cover more items that are not even listed! In Malaysia, the car is locally assembled as the Perodua badge as Perodua Kembara. . It is this level of detail, along with hundreds of photos and illustrations, that guide the reader through each service and repair procedure. The first-generation Daihatsu Terios is also known as Toyota Cami. Related: Repair manual is a professional book in which you can get a better

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.796722
Retrieved Text: A "burner" on the honda of a lasso or lariat style of rope protects the honda from wear, helps the honda hold its shape, and helps the rope slide through the honda.
Burners can be made of a variety of materials including leather or rawhide.
They can also be made of plastic. A plastic burner is commonly called a "speed burner" because the rope slides over the plastic faster than it does other types of burners.
Below: A blue speed burner on a honda.
Speed burners are popular for roping on the ranch and for competition. They are made of shaped, molded plastic designed to fit the curve at the top of a honda, and are open along their top so they can be pushed onto the rope.
A speed burner is used out of choice, or when someone doesn't know how to put on a different type of burner, like a rawhide one.
They are usually easy to find as they are commonly sold at tack, feed, and ranch supply stores. Speed burners are typically "one size fits all" but some are made for certain sizes of ropes.
Below: A speed burner. Speed burners come in a variety of colors.
In spite of their popularity speed burners can be tricky or downright difficult to pry open and slip onto a honda. In the space below we'll give you some tips for putting a speed burner on your honda.
First of all, of course, you need a rope with a honda in it. If you have the rope but don't know how to tie a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.75801
Retrieved Text: If you have never tried the spent grain of a brew batch, you should. It has a very warm quality about it. Think…. hot cereal. Great cool weather ingredient.
We love to use it in baking sourdough.
Day 4: Your starter should be ready. Try baking a loaf of bread, see what happens!
2) Add the rest of the ingredients and using the hook attachment kneed for 7 to 10 minutes on medium speed. If using your hands it will prob be more like 20 to 30 minutes. Kneed until door becomes elastic and can pass the window pane test.
8) Place in oven on the middle rack and drop a 1/2 cup of ice cubes into the roasting pan. Bake for 5 minutes and then repeat the process for a total of 2 more times.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.662912
Retrieved Text: This was yesterday. I was very comfy and not feeling verbose.
This year I didn't take pictures of Thanksgiving dinner, because instead I'd like to show you what I'm thankful for.
Happy Belated Thanksgiving to everyone (even all of you who don't celebrate!). What are you thankful for this year?
This is my most basic outfit and a perfect example of what I look like when I throw something together at 5:30 in the morning and run out the door. A tee shirt, high waisted skirt, cardigan and very few accessories. Happens at least a few times a week. I'm really exhausted but I promise once I'm out of work tomorrow (early office closing!) blogging will go back to...well...whatever is passing for normal these days at Happy, Honey & Lark. Including the last 2 items of the swap, some killer vintage and all the festivities coming up in the next few days.
The post title comes from one of my favorite Magnetic Fields songs from college. The Thanksgiving holiday always makes me think of college for some reason.
Yesterday it finally started to look and feel like November, dreary and windy and cold. Normally this would be depressing, but now I can wear some of the outfits I'd been putting together and then putting away because of the warm days. This one was actually hanging up on the back of my bedroom door all week, just waiting for the perfect blustery day.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.656206
Retrieved Text: With the wind chill bringing extremely cold temps to Central New York, what happens if you actually get Frost Bite?
1) Don't rub or massage cold body parts.
2) Put your hands in your armpits.
3) Hold onto another person or animal.
5) Put on extra layers of clothes, blankets, etc.
6) Remove rings, watches and anything other tight jewelry or related items.
1) Don't walk on a frostbitten foot. You could cause more damage.
2) Get in a warm, NOT hot, bath and wrap your face and ears in a moist, warm, NOT hot, towel.
3) Don't get near a hot stove or heater or use a heating pad, hot water bottle, or a hair dryer. You may burn yourself before feeling returns.
4) Frostbitten skin will become red and swollen and feel like it's on fire. You may develop blisters. Don't break the blisters. It could cause scarring and infection.
5) If your skin turns blue or gray, is very swollen, blistered or feels hard and numb even under the surface, go to a hospital as soon as possible.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.44072
Retrieved Text: Scientist Sarah and I got to end our week with the fifth graders at Swift Creek Elementary School for Energy Matters. I could tell the students had been studying energy and heat transfer as we went over the three types of heat transfer. We used some balloons to look up close at what convection and conduction can do. We watched one pop in less than a second, while the addition of water kept a similar balloon from popping for over 20 seconds! Who remembers why one balloon popped and the other didn’t?
My favorite parts of Energy Matters are the two experiments where the students can really SEE how heat is changing the energy of two different chemical reactions. First, we tested some glow sticks. The best part about glow sticks, of course, is that they glow! They glow because the chemicals inside the tube react in an exothermic chemical reaction, which means a chemical reaction the produces energy, in this case mostly light energy! Since we knew heat is also a type of energy, we watched what happened when we took heat away using ice water and when we added heat using warm water. Everyone was a bit dismayed when the cold water seemed to make their glow sticks stop glowing. I was impressed when one resourceful student discovered that she could use friction to make her glow stick brighter again! Thankfully the hot water made them even brighter than before!
With a better understanding of how heat could impact the speed of a chemical reaction, we

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.395844
Retrieved Text: This past winter I took a class at the Textile Arts Center which is based just a few blocks from me. One of the classes I took was marbling napkins. It was so amazing. I have never marbled anything. The whole scientific process was so hypnotic and unexpected. You cannot determine what will come out. You can choose colors, but however the marbling occurs is the way it goes. A new season is upon us and it really is starting to feel like in the air. We cannot control Mother Nature just like marbling napkins. Global Warming is making that quite clear. March is such a schizophrenic weather month. One day it's cold and the next it is quite warm. In like a lion, out like a lamb. We will see what happens in a few days when April arrives.
We are slowly waking up to warm weather. We have been hibernating, so to speak. After months of deep blues, rich reds, smokey greys and dark charcoals I am ready to breathe in something fresh! Bright yellows, soft pinks and eye opening purples. Like the flowers coming up from the ground, these are the colors that I am being drawn to. Crocuses are the first bloomers of the season. The below photos are from the Brooklyn Botanical Garden. Fortunately just a short walk for me. Inspiration provided by nature.
Violets, lavenders, purple heather and daffodil yellows start to pop up in our home, housewares and kitchen linens. Perfect Easter tableware.
As a creative person it is hard for me

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.386694
Retrieved Text: Dress to keep yourself warm and dry. Keeping your skin surface free from dampness is one of the biggest keys to staying warm. The selection of these items is very important, but what you wear under this outer layer is also very important. Any moisture trapped within your clothing will conduct heat away. This means that you not only have to keep the precipitation out, but your clothing also has to have the ability to disperse your own perspiration. When dressing for cold or wet weather fishing; dress from the inside out. The layer of clothing next to your skin is the one you will feel all day!
Your inner layer should be made from synthetic material for maximum comfort. It should be soft and designed to wick moisture away from your skin. Never wear cotton clothing under your waders! Cotton retains moisture and has very little insulation value when damp. Nylon, acrylic and polyester do not retain as much moisture as cotton or silk. Wool is the only natural fiber that will keep you as warm as synthetics. However wool is more expensive and often less durable. Dressing with layers of Synthetic material can further customize the wicking of moisture away from your body.
Pay special attention to the layers that cover your legs and feet. These extremities are the ones that will be immersed in cold water. When water temperatures are below 50-degrees double layering is recommended. Water temperatures below 40-degrees demand heavier double-layering. Two layers of fleece or even three layers are recommended when the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.285095
Retrieved Text: This is what happens when a 230-ton Airbus A330 has the right angle of attack, the right low speed and the right amount of head wind: it gets suspended in the middle of the sky for a few seconds.
It feels like it's flying in slow motion, then it freezes for a couple of seconds and keeps moving in slow motion. The phenomenon has an easy explanation: the Airbus is making a very slow low pass, taking advantage of the very strong head wind combined with the minimun air speed and a high angle of attack to achieve lift for its flaps configuration (which is hard to see from the ground).
This produces extremely low ground speed, which results from the A330's air speed minus the speed of the head wind. The combination of this ground speed and the A330's size give the viewer the sensation of a plane almost frozen in midair.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.134863
Retrieved Text: Tuck away your little essentials in the convenient and discreet Travel Wet Dry Bag from Planet Wise. This mini version of the popular Wet Dry Bag features a fully protected pocket at the front for dry items and a seam-sealed waterproof main pocket for wet items.
The main pocket of the Travel Wet Dry Bag features a fully waterproof inner lining to keep spills and messes contained. The seams inside are sealed for leak-proof protection, keeping dry items in the front pocket and other items outside the bag safe from damage.
Say goodbye to disposable plastic ziplocks - the Travel Wet Dry Bag is washable and reusable! The Travel Wet Dry Bag saves pennies and planet alike with its eco-friendly design. Throw it in the washing machine for a quick and easy clean!
Measuring just 9.5 inches by 4.5 inches, the Travel Wet Dry Bag is very portable - the perfect size for tucking away in your purse, backpack, or day bag. Store hand sanitizer, wipes, lotions and more in the wet pocket, and slip your dry toiletries in the front pocket for convenient and compact carrying on the go!
The Travel Wet Dry Bag is made with anti-microbial materials, so stains and odors never stick around. Zippered closures on both pockets and sealed seams keep odors locked away when messes occur, leaving your other supplies clean and mess-free all day long.
2 pockets: one waterproof wet pocket, one dry pocket. Leak-proof, sealed seams. Odor and stain resistant.
Lining: The lining used in our "Wet Bags" is PUL, a material that will

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.033758
Retrieved Text: I recently fitted an M500 480GB in my late 2011 MacBook Pro. I put it in a caddy in the optical bay enclosure.
The fitting was fine. However, I've been unable to install OS X (Mavericks) on it - everything I've tried (and I've tried to install OS X 4 times now in different ways) has failed at some point in the installation process, usually after many, many hours of very slow progress.
In order to try and pin down the issue I installed an app called Trim Enabler and ran their benchmarking tool, and although the write speed was good the read speed showed as zero!
EDIT: I can browse the drive in the Finder, and copy to, and delete items on it.
Mar 25 21:06:42 mattbaileysmbp.home OSInstaller: Install failed: The Installer encountered an error that caused the installation to fail. Contact the software manufacturer for assistance.
"OS X Can't repair the disk "Untitled."
You can still open or copy files on the disk, but you can't save changes to files on the disk. Back up the disk and reformat it as soon as you can."
Try to read out SMART data of the drive and post it here please, just hide drive's serial number.
IT WORKED! OS X successfully installed in about 30 mins, boots up in a few seconds, simply brilliant!
I still don't know what the problem is with the optical enclosure is though - whether it's the SATA lead, the caddy or something else? I'm going to put my old HDD in there and see what happens, maybe it will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.022974
Retrieved Text: Problem: How does soap, alcohol, and temperature differences affect the dissolution speed of water?
1.You will work in-groups of three. You will need a clear plastic cup of warm water and an eyedropper holding some food coloring (red or blue). Also get some ethyl alcohol and dish soap.
2. Place a drop of food coloring in a cup of water. Record how many seconds it takes to completely dissolve in the water?
3. Place one or two ice cubes in the cup of water. Place a drop of food coloring on an ice cube. What happened?
4. Place a drop of food coloring in the cold water. How many seconds did it take for the food coloring to completely dissolve in the cold water?
5. Place a drop of food coloring in a cup of water. Add a few drops of alcohol. How does the alcohol affect the solution?
6. Add a drop of food coloring to a cup of warm water. How many seconds does it take for the coloring to dissolve completely in the warm water?
7. Add another drop of food coloring to the water. Then add a few drops of dish soap to the water. What happened?
8. When you are completely finished you should make a bar graph representing the solutions versus time of dissolving.
Note: You should develop a data table for this lab. You should fold the paper in half vertically and in thirds horizontal, as shown to the right.
For steps 2 through 7 you should draw a picture of what happens and record the respective times in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.010124
Retrieved Text: Step by Step guide to homemade Cinnabon-style cinnamon rolls!
Cinnamon Rolls are the Ultimate Comfort Food!
When I think about comfort foods, I think about foods like warm bread, macaroni and cheese, and of course, cinnamon rolls. What is so great about making your own homemade cinnamon rolls anyway? It is the aroma of cinnamon wafting through the air. That smell that brings us back to those child-like pleasures of sinking your teeth into a warm, sweet and chewy, delicious cinnamon roll!
Oh and I almost forgot to mention, cinnamon is also great for your health.
Have you ever walked into a shopping mall to have your senses taken over by the wafting aroma of cinnamon? I call it the Cinnabon daze. It happens to me all the time. Yes, the Cinnabon company makes amazing cinnamon rolls, but with this recipe, you can make your own Cinnabon-Style rolls for a fraction of the cost, and it’s easier than you think. This is how you do it!
Sprinkle the yeast over top of the warm milk and allow it to sit for 10 minutes.
After 10 minutes, the yeast mixture should be bubbly or foamy.
Add the eggs, salt, sugar, butter, and 2 cups of the flour and blend into the yeast mixture.
*If using a stand mixer, use the dough hook on low speed while scraping the edges of the bowl to allow all the ingredients to mix in.
Add the remaining 2 cups of flour and mix until the dough is smooth and forms a ball in the bowl. (about 5 minutes).
* If you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.992304
Retrieved Text: What carrier oils do you use? Essential oils?
All of our oils are a blend of unrefined coconut, sweet almond, avocado, and jojoba oil. They are then are scented with natural essential oils.
What are your beard oils made out of?
Please read product descriptions on their page as this is where the information will be for what essential oils are in that particular scent.
Why has my beard oil become thicker?
Due to the natural state of the carrier oils (mostly the coconut,) when cooler temps are reached, the oils will begin to solidify. If this happens, warm it between your hands. This can be done by rolling the bottle between your palms.
Why does this product smell different than my last order?
Due to variances with essential oil brands, soil, cultivation practices, season, weather, harvest, and time of year aroma could vary slightly between batches.
Can you tell me more about the Project Semicolon items?
Absolutely! It is an organization very near and dear to our hearts. Any semicolon item will have $1 donated at the end of the year to Project Semicolon.
We accept debit, credit, and bank payments through PayPal and Square.
T-shirts have 3 designers. You can find more about our creators here. We have some shirts designed in-house and printed by a printer and we have some designed in-house which are vinyl and pressed at home, by hand by one of our creators. You will see this clearly stated in the product description if it is an ‘in-house vinyl’ production.
Tell me more about your jewelry.
Majority of the jewelry pieces you will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.93451
Retrieved Text: The kph 1500 classic can be integrated straight into your existing central heating system. This model KPH 1500-C in the hydronic range providing outputs of 1.40 kW on normal speed and 1.55 kW on boost speed. Our classic models come with two speed option and integral water temperature switch to activate the heater when central heating system comes on.
The kph 1500 classic is a highly energy efficient fan convector that fits into the plinth of a kitchen unit eliminating the need for conventional radiators. This brings considerable space saving to allow you to design your kitchen.
Kitchen plinth heaters are predominantly used in domestic applications where the plinth mounting feature makes it ideal for heating kitchens, utility rooms and bathrooms (low voltage model only). Kitchen plinth heaters are ideal for certain non-domestic application’s such as office reception areas, changing rooms, libraries and shops and restaurants.
•	Heat output of 1200 watts @ Normal speed and 1500 watts @ Boost speed. (Based on entering water temperature of 70°C).
•	Warranty is 2 year parts, repair or replace the product if it is found to be defective in material or workmanship. (This warranty does not apply to damage resulting from abuse or unreasonable use or supplemental damage caused by incorrect installations).
We have recently had a new kitchen fitted in our house and installed the KPH-1500 classic plinth heater. It Is connected to our main central heating so when our heating is on, it automatically comes on. Heats up our kitchen better than the old radiator we took out! There are two fan settings

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.92694
Retrieved Text: This technology was labelled as the Venturi result. This result happens due to the fact that there is a details ratio of air to gas which is attained throughout the combustion of the gas as well as therefore the fire created is taller, brighter and also resembles that of fire wood.
The gas flows out of the jet at an extremely high pressure, as well as therefore much more oxygen is drawn right into the pipe as a result of the stress difference. The gas and oxygen mix at high speed when they burn, the flame shoots out with the pressure. Thus, the high quality of the fire is one of the most favored for usage in heating systems. The burners are additionally cost-effective due to the fact that less gas is made use of to generate a great deal of warm.
The Warming Trends Crossfire Burners are made from brass, unlike the typical ones which are made from stainless steel. The material made from brass are immune to rusting as well as to deterioration even when subjected to extremely heats. Consequently, the equipment lasts long, as well as they call for upkeep.
Due to their long duration without breaking down or undergoing damage, Warming Trends has been positive sufficient to offer a life time guarantee on its items. It implies that their items are high quality as well as it does not matter the length of time a customer utilizes it because its value will never drop. Lifetime guarantee includes self-confidence to a client.
The United States of The

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.833706
Retrieved Text: Ecotrade Group | What happens if my used catalytic converters does not contain any precious metal?
What happens if my used catalytic converters does not contain any precious metal?
Ecotrade does not offer payment for items that do not contain precious metals. Nevertheless, it is very rare that a catalytic converter does not contain precious metal. When this is the case, they are treated as recyclable waste, with treatment monitoring.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.737417
Retrieved Text: Beyond The Picket Fence: Spring Ideas, Are You Ready?
Spring Ideas, Are You Ready?
Spring? I know, for half of the country that seems like a distant memory, a fantasy that will never happen, less likely to occur than the chance of winning the mega millions lottery.
But, it will happen. It will get here sooner, or for some later.
The snow will melt, the sun will be warm, and the green will start popping up everywhere.
Here are a few items for decorating for SPRING so you are prepared when it does arrive.
A spring wreath, complete with a nest.
Ready to ride your bike? Let some Bike ART inspire you.
Here's to warmer, longer days, green things growing, and a season of renewal and hope!
You never know where you will find them Kate. I had a friend pick up a free piece of furniture beside the road just so she could steal the springs out of it.
Your colors are a warm welcome this cold, cold, white day! I am waiting for spring with baited breath!
What lovely ideas to get us into the "Spring" state of mind.
Up here in NH we're expecting another 3 to 6 inches of snow tomorrow :-/ It's never-ending!!!!
It has been absolutely crazy in the east. Here in MT we are usually a little smug and laugh when other part of the country think they are getting weather, but wow, it has just dumped there.
We're lucky here in the Idaho panhandle because we are having a springlike February😊 I love your radish sign.
Yes, our weather is very similar!
Oh I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.719936
Retrieved Text: Does anyone have a good set of stretching, drills and warm up exercises to do before a pitching practice or game that you are pitching?
A pre-game warm up for a 14U pitcher is a little different than for a college level pitcher. The problem with your DD is that she isn't going to know "when she feels ready". She has to feel her way through warm ups to understand what *she* needs to do be ready to pitch.
Generally, she needs a list of activities that she is going to do. Because something might happen so that the entire warm-up can't be finished, the list should be prioritized, with the most important first.
(1) Toss a little overhanded.
(3) When she felt sufficiently warm, she would increase her speed in the "pitch and catch" up to about 90% of her game speed.
BE CAREFUL WITH THIS STRETCH: At any time, she might decide that her shoulder was too tight, and go over to the fence, grab it with her right hand, and then move her body to stretch the arm. Her right hand holds the fence, her right arm is extended, and she is facing the fence. She then rotates her upper body so that she is facing parallel to the fence.
(5) Breaking pitches until she had it working as to movement and location.
My suggested warmup is very similar to Slugger's.
Jog the fence first (around entire field), if no fence guesstimate a decent distance, to get blood circulating through the muscles and loosen up from sitting around.
Static stretches before or

================



======= Instance Index 1886 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are hotter or cooler ):

The higher the temperature, the more energy the particles have and the faster they will move and diffuse.


As we move slower we wind up getting hotter or cooler?

Target Text: cooler

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.491343
Retrieved Text: Air is a fluid like any other except that its particles are in gas form instead of liquid. When air moves quickly, in the form of wind, those particles are moving quickly. Motion means kinetic energy, which can be captured, just like the energy in moving water can be captured by the turbine in a hydroelectric dam. In the case of a wind-electric turbine, the turbine blades are designed to capture the kinetic energy in wind. The rest is nearly identical to a hydroelectric setup.
When the turbine blades capture wind energy and start moving, they spin a shaft that leads from the hub of the rotor to a generator. The generator turns that rotational energy into electricity. At its essence, generating electricity from the wind is all about transferring energy from one medium to another.
Wind power all starts with the sun. When the sun heats up a certain area of land, the air around that land mass absorbs some of that heat. At a certain temperature, that hotter air begins to rise very quickly because a given volume of hot air is lighter than an equal volume of cooler air. Faster-moving (hotter) air particles exert more pressure than slower-moving particles, so it takes fewer of them to maintain the normal air pressure at a given elevation. When that lighter hot air suddenly rises, cooler air flows quickly in to fill the gap the hot air leaves behind. That air rushing in to fill the gap is wind.
If we place an object like a rotor blade in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.879705
Retrieved Text: Itâ€™s been about a month since my last post. Itâ€™s because Iâ€™ve been purposely living life more SLOWLY. Summer is a great time to slow down - the weather is hot and humid, the days are long, and co-workers are away on vacation making getting things done take more time. But by slow, I mean easy, relaxed, and leisurely - not languid, sluggish or heavy.
How does one slow down?
BE PRESENT. Feel the sun on your skin. Notice the gorgeous summer blossoms and foliage around you. Taste the fresh produce thatâ€™s bountiful right now.
LISTEN. Focus on listening intently to the person who is talking or the sounds that surround you. Donâ€™t interrupt and donâ€™t give your two cents. Just listen. Hear the birds' predawn chirping. Enjoy the sounds of the trees rustling in the wind. Notice the sounds of the summer rainstorms.
WALK SLOWER. DRIVE SLOWER. MOVE SLOWER. Yes, you need to get it done. What is five extra minutes? Really, ask yourself if getting somewhere faster to save a few minutes is worth the stress. Do a walking meditation. Wander. Meander. Amble.
DAYDREAM. Research continues to emerge showing us that daydreaming is an amazing (ahem, essential) tool to cultivate creativity and new ideas.
PLAY. In the garden. At the park. Board games. While swimming. And laugh.
Sending positive thoughts and energy to you to make time for some dreamy, quiet hours. You most certainly deserve it.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.755095
Retrieved Text: Fish and birds are able to move in groups, without separating or colliding, due to a newly discovered dynamic: the followers interact with the wake left behind by the leaders. The finding offers new insights into animal locomotion and points to potential ways to harness energy from natural resources, such as rivers or wind.
"Air or water flows naturally generated during flight or swimming can prevent collisions and separations, allowing even individuals with different flapping motions to travel together," explains Joel Newbolt, a doctoral candidate in New York University's Department of Physics and the lead author of the research, which appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. "Notably, this phenomenon allows slower followers to keep up with faster-flapping leaders by surfing on their wake."
"While we currently use wind and water to help meet our energy needs, our work offers new ways to more efficiently leverage them as we seek new methods for enhancing sustainable practices," observes Leif Ristroph, one of the paper's co-authors and an assistant professor in NYU's Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences.
It's well known that animals such as fish and birds often travel in groups, but the details of these interactions in schools and flocks are not fully understood.
In order to study the effects of flapping motions and flow interactions on the movement of members in a group, the researchers conducted a series of experiments in the Courant Institute's Applied Math Lab. Here, they designed a robotic "school" of two hydrofoils, which simulate wings and fins, that flap up and down and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.744867
Retrieved Text: Last week I took my oldest daughter, her friend, and my girlfriend’s young daughter out on the river to do some crabbing.
If you have never caught blue crabs before, you should try. It’s a lot of fun and you don’t need a license in most places. All you need is some fishing line or string, some uncooked chicken (legs or wings) and a net. It’s a good idea to bring a bucket and a ruler if you plan on keeping crabs. They need to be 5″ from point to point to be legal here in Massachusetts.
We caught a few crabs, not very many, and as the day went on, the wind picked up. We weren’t far from the mouth of the river, so with the wind blowing and the tide coming in, our little boat was getting blown around pretty good.
I have been around the water all my life and maybe sometimes I don’t realize my age. I didn’t bother hauling a motor and rowed us out instead because I like the exercise.
The wind blew us about two hundred yards up river, our anchor dragging in the mud. About that time my daughter decided she wanted to go, so we hauled anchor and I started rowing.
I rowed harder and harder, but we didn’t move. The wind and the tide were so strong that my rowing could only keep us in place. It was then I noticed the girls laughing, singing, and telling jokes. They had no idea that I couldn’t move the boat. I was getting

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.731293
Retrieved Text: Welcome to yoo Energy’s 8 steps for developing wind projects.
Getting a wind energy project up and running is a lengthy process and can look daunting.
Review the 8 steps and you will quickly find out if your project has potential.
How windy is your site?
We require a minimum wind speed in order to make the site viable for a wind turbine.
How close is the required grid connection?
A local connection to the national grid is important as the cost of a long connection run can be prohibitive.
How close are your nearest neighbours?
Due to noise we like to site turbines away from habitations.
Does the site have any planning limitations?
If your site is within a restricted area such as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) or SSSI designated; then planning is unlikely to go ahead.
Can turbine & equipment be brought to site?
A wind turbine is a large piece of equipment, so access for the cranes, wide turning circles for the blades and traffic planning need consideration.
A signed Option Agreement allows us to then run through the full planning process and if successful move onto construction.
Once complete, we submit the planning application for appraisal from the local authority. If granted we can move onto construction.
Construction and national grid connection of the turbine.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.657228
Retrieved Text: The pace of life today is far too frenetic. Improvements in technology only make this situation worse. There is constant pressure on everyone in today’s workplace to focus on getting more done. This emphasis on pace comes with a price.
The faster we move, the more difficult it becomes to appreciate the big picture. Projects and the people involved in them become just another goal or object. Decisions are made as though in a vacuum.
This past week I experienced a very different pace. My family vacationed in Maine where everything we did seemed slower and more deliberate. It was a welcome respite from the normal hustle and bustle of running a small business.
What makes nature such a quality teacher? What lessons can we learn from her approach to pace?
Nature is about connections. Any hike through the woods is an illustrative example of this truth. Ecosystems depend on cooperation. Plants, animals, and insects contribute to the health of the whole. When business focuses only on making the sale, without regard to the impact on customers or employees, everyone suffers.
Nature invites communion. Standing on a Maine shoreline where thousands of cobbles are deposited and rearranged by the wind and waves cannot be described by mere words. Staring into sparkling clear lake waters defies description. Watching a seagull ride the wind currents is an amazing experience. Our workplaces need more communion and less of what we call communication.
Nature inspires. The beauty of creation stimulates our senses. We are invited to enjoy the delightful scents and smells. Lingering is encouraged. When

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.599163
Retrieved Text: But with these chilly nights, not for much longer. This morning the mums are covered with dew. A few lethargic insects who waited too long after dinner to find suitable lodging are still right where they were when darkness fell, temperatures dropped and their cold-blooded machinery ground to a halt.
Won’t be long, the buzz will go silent and the shrill wind of winter–and the creeks until they freeze over and go silent too–will be our only nature-sounds.
So, since it’s been far too long since the last insect pictures (if you leave out the gnat flight pattern pix from last week) here’s a nice colorful display of nature’s palette, though I wouldn’t have chosen coral, but the emerald and saffron of bee and flower work well together, don’t you think?
We take’em as we find’em.
Lovely, Fred, Spencer and I have been watching the bees and wasps move slowly through the goldenrod and Michaelmas daisies as the day warms uo. They are becoming slower and slower, and it will not be long until they are not there at all.
But with any luck, we’ll have Asian ladybugs to admire all winter long.
It surprised me, yesterday, to hear a mosquito buzzing about my head as I fought the purple wintercreeper in our woods. Had thought that we were past that. I like the colors in your beautiful photo!
That is an amazing photo! All of your pictures are absolutely gorgeous!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.300808
Retrieved Text: Again we return to the Brooks site and it looks like this will work fine today maybe even better as the winds up top are even slower. We have a couple that have the MOST unique birthday’s both on the same day. What are the odds of that, I better by a lottery ticket? The other pair is trying for the “farthest traveled” award for this season traveling from St. Louis MO. We get the balloon out and stretched out and find it full of seed from the field that we landed in yesterday, I mean a BUNCH! Well the grass runway here will have a new look in about 2/4 weeks, MAYBE? We get the air into Starship and standing ready for the passengers to get on board. With a little heat we are off the field and heading to the south. It is over the first of a BUNCH of hop fields this morning as the “bottoms area” is about 30% or more in hops. We continue to the south at an easy pace of about 5 MPH past orchards, grass seed fields that are “windrowed” getting ready for harvest. We are getting further south and will soon leave the farm fields and slip into Keizer where I will have to find us a landing spot in a few minutes. I set up for a field off Willow Lake Road as the gang moves toward the LZ then the wind stops and I will use the street as the LZ this morning. The gang

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.253344
Retrieved Text: indicators can be great tools for building confluence and also to create more objectivity in your trading. This can be the signal of a new strong downtrend. 1) The Signal Line, when you see the two macd indicator lines move away from each other, it means that momentum is increasing and the trend is getting stronger. As the moving averages get closer to each other, the histogram gets smaller. From the chart above, you can see that the fast line crossed under the slow line and correctly identified a new downtrend. The histogram simply plots the difference between the fast and slow moving average. Give us your star, if you need help. This means that we are taking the average of the last 9 periods of the faster macd line and plotting it as our slower moving average. However, the macd is an oscillator and during very strong trends, it wont give very accurate information.
From then, EUR/USD began shooting up as it started a new uptrend. Then, suddenly, price broke below the two moving averages with stronger which happened while the macd lines crossed below 0 and also separated further. This is called c onvergence because the faster moving average is converging or getting closer to the slower moving average. When the two MAs cross, the macd line crosses below 0 as well. TIP: As long as the macd lines are above 0 and price is above the 12 and 26 EMAs, the trend is still going. This means that the macd line is basically a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.120457
Retrieved Text: Now for an example we had a 5 mph wind at 600 yards and for a full wind we dialed 2.5 moa in our scope. Now lets say our wind was coming from 1:30 o'clock. We look at our rosette and the cosign is .707. Now just multiply 2.5 X .707= 1.7675 which is 1.75 moa which is 70% of a full wind value. So with a small plastic oil bottle, we fill it with baking powder and by pointing at our target and squeezing it we can tell exactly what direction the wind is coming from.
No grass or leaf movement.
1-2 MPH	Cooling effect of wind may be noticed.
Only a few leaves on any given tree in motion.
Mirage begins to lean to 12:30.
3 MPH	Wind pressure can be felt on bare arms.
All leaves on any given tree in light motion.
4 MPH	Wind pressure can be felt on face.
Small twigs bearing leaf clusters begin light motion.
5 MPH	Tips of smaller branches begin motion that hold the leaf limbs.
6 MPH	The trunk branches start to move. These are the heavy limbs holding the smaller branches.
7 MPH	Larger (trunk) limbs begin motion.
Young (softer) leaves begin to flip over on windy side of trees.
8 MPH	Tree tops are in light motion.
Mature leaves flip over on windy side of trees.
9 MPH	Tree tops show obvious movement.
Almost all leaves flip over.
Mirage leans to 2:45-3:00 and begins to run.
10 MPH	Wind pressure can be felt against the body.
Tree tops show substantial movement.
Mirage runs slowly and parallel to ground.
11 MPH	Mirage runs quickly along the ground, begins to break up.
12 MPH	Wind pressure can be

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.050789
Retrieved Text: General Questions FAQ - Alex Chang & Co.
Questions related to Debt Recovery and Companies winding up, 218 Notice.
How long would it take to recover my money, secrets of debt recovery in Malaysia?
How to Wind Up a debtor Company?
How to Prove that the Company is Insolvent?
Must I obtain a Judgment BEFORE filing a winding up petition against my debtors?
What is a Compulsory Winding Up?
What Happens After the Winding Up?
Can an unsecured creditors get paid ahead of the Bankers?
Should the creditors file a Bill of Costs after making a debtor Bankrupt?
What is Writ of Seizure and Sale?
Do we give any public or in house seminars on Winding Up? Yes we do.
Due to the nature of our business, we are not able to provide advice on the net and therefore if you have a specific questions, please fill up this form so that we may address your questions. For the questions which we have already provided the answers, please click on the links.
Can we wind up our customers before getting a judgment?
If we wind up our debtors do we have to let the bankers take their shares first?
What do we get as the unsecured creditors in the distribution?
What is the best way to recover my outstanding rentals?
If my tenants refuse to move out what can I do to him?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.899004
Retrieved Text: Legendary walleye angler, Jason Mitchell believes that swim baits like the Northland Slurpee Swim Shad are very effective early in the year.
Jason Mitchell earned a reputation as a legendary guide on North Dakota’s Devils Lake before hosting the television show, Jason Mitchell Outdoors.
Factors like water temperature and wind seem increasingly important during spring. Often, the most important piece of equipment is a temperature gauge as activity often revolves around water temperature. A temperature gauge also enables an angler to gauge the influence of wind. Water temperature is relative in the sense that there is no magic water temperature to find. Rather an observation of where warmer pools of water are located within a system.
Some locations just heat up better during the spring and this difference in temperature often seems to hold and attract fish. Many of the most productive spots we find are bays within bays within bays… small protected coves that are shallow and protected from the fluctuations of the main basins. These protected pockets will tend to warm up regardless of wind direction. Dark bottoms tend to warm up even more and some of these protected spots might only be five or six feet deep but these shallow spots can and will hold a lot of walleyes.
A general rule of thumb is that the fishing typically gets better in these locations during stable weather. As long as the water temperature continues to rise, these spots get more consistent to a point. Also early in the year, afternoons and early evenings are sometimes better as

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.873657
Retrieved Text: As the conditions build for the leading multihulls pushing hard upwind on route to the Ascensions, so does the tension – and the potential to damage the boat.
As the conditions build for the leading multihulls pushing hard upwind on route to the Ascensions, so does the tension – and the potential to damage the boat. Meanwhile the top tri’s ETA at the mark is during tonight. The leading monohulls are stuck in the Doldrums. Ecover continues to eat into Sill’s lead but Casto-Darty-BUT are hot on their heels just two miles behind.
Kingfisher-Foncia (Gautier/MacArthur) continues to match Groupama (Cammas/S. Ravussin) move for move in the tacking battle, and is controlling their rival by placing themselves between them and the mark to the Southeast. Their speeds in these conditions are still remarkable – 17 knots average in the last 6 hours, and they expect to round the mark during the night.
A dispirited Michel Desjoyeaux revealed Belgacom’s ‘break at the seams’. “We were on starboard in 18 knots of wind under main & staysail banging into the waves, and had just decided to launch an attack on the leaders,” he explained. “Suddenly all the main sheet travellers slid right along the stern track and snapped. We spent two hours fixing up a jury rig and we can’t go shopping for the spare parts!” A serious handicap, unable to play the mainsail in the building breeze, and have slowed to 12 knots.
The other astonishing news of the day comes from Fujifilm (L. Peyron/Le Mignon). They stuck to the normally slower

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.488543
Retrieved Text: I only listed trips with spots still available. We limit our trips to 15 people on Rockfishing, 12 for Salmon and Halibut, and 10 for Tuna.
8 Responses to "Trip Schedule for 7/24- 8/7"
What is the schedule for 8/9? (We are hoping for rockfish.) Thanks!
hi there! On the 9th it looks like we have 2 spots left on a rockfishing trip. We also have an afternoon rockfishing trip with more spots available tomorrow the 8th in the afternoon. Sorry for the delay in getting back to you!
Our next salmon trip is on Friday the 12th and it is a half day (about 6 hours).
The weather has been great lately without too much wind to create the chop, but any time it’s really hot in the Willamette Valley we get more wind here, so if that forecast it looking in the 90s or higher we usually expect some more choppy seas. Tuna is doing great right now and bottom fishing is pretty steady, but still a little slower than usual.
when u do your 12 tuna trips do u do from dock to dock or start the time when u get out thar an how long does it take to get out to the tuna spots?
Dock to dock. Usually takes about 1 hour per 20 miles we go out and we go as far as 60 miles in a 12 hour trip. So if you were going maximum distance you’d have 6 hours of travel time and 6 hours of fishing time. Currently we’re going about 35-40 miles.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.486097
Retrieved Text: As we all know wind speed is a big concern for kayakers. What's the limit for a comfortable day on the water. Is it 5 mph, 10 mph, 15mph? Let me know your opinions based on location such as a bay, bayou, off shore. I'd even be interested in specific locations such as Matagorda, High Island, Port O'Connor, Christmas bay, etc.
Looks like this weekend will be around 10mph along the coast.
The best way to answer this question is to pick your area where wind will be a smaller factor... Get out of the wind and to fishing if at all possible. Good luck.
rabot wrote: As we all know wind speed is a big concern for kayakers. What's the limit for a comfortable day on the water. Is it 5 mph, 10 mph, 15mph? Let me know your opinions based on location such as a bay, bayou, off shore. I'd even be interested in specific locations such as Matagorda, High Island, Port O'Connor, Christmas bay, etc.
I don't mind some wind. I think it gives cover to the fish and helps them hunt baitfish. As long as you have a yak that is good in the wind and waves don't be afraid to get out in it. Sometimes, fish are on the windward shore I think the marsh is harder in the wind sometimes. It is hard to judge your cast is a gusty wind when you have a marsh drain that is 15 feet wide. In a bay, you can just chunk it with the wind. This

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.47972
Retrieved Text: The phone, the inbox, have all been pretty busy lately with Foil tips and questions.
So to help us all learn quicker, here are the most common questions and more importantly answers from the last month.
I can get it up but I can’t keep it up!
I’ve ended up going a few people a call back on this to find out a bit more about their setup and what they are trying. Most of it has been setup issues rather than technical prowess.
Most likely this is the setup of the board and the foil don’t match too well. The Foil is ‘back footed’ whereas you have the board setup with your weight further forwards. Move the mast foot back and if possible the footstraps back. This will get weight more over the foil and help sustain lift. If you feel like your back leg is burning to keep it up, you almost definitely need to move things back.
This has been a really common call, email. Most people have successfully had their first flights but are now struggling to sustain flight and feel a little up and down. This has come down to a couple of things. Lets first look at setup.
Once you’re past your first flight, you are trying to encourage yourself to be more upright on the board. A higher boom will really help this. If you’re struggling to sustain flight move your boom up. The harness lines will highly likely need to go shorter to keep you more upright. Switch to adjustables but depending on board

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.45159
Retrieved Text: QuickStart tennis balls are perfect for kids learning tennis. The two-color construction helps with learning and practicing spin, and the balls move more slowly than regular tennis balls so they're easier for children to play with.
We have three types of QuickStart Quick Kids tennis balls that move at different speeds. The 36 ball moves 75% slower than a standard tennis ball, the 60 ball moves 50% slower than a standard tennis ball, and the 78 ball moves 25% slower than a standard tennis ball. As kids get more practice at tennis, you can move them up to faster balls.
All our QuickStart tennis balls are perfect for 10-and-under tennis. If you have any questions, you're welcome to contact us at Tennis Court Supply for more information. Don't forget to check out the rest of our catalog for the other kids' tennis supplies you need.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.436405
Retrieved Text: A veteran pro uses ROG balls with players of all ages to keep them active, in the game and improving.
I’ve heard this frequently from adults I teach, ever since red, orange and green balls (ROG) were heavily promoted for Youth Tennis. The different color balls provide a more positive overall experience for players of all skill levels. With lower pressures, they move a bit slower and bounce a bit lower than traditional yellow tennis balls.
Red (Stage 1) balls are slightly larger and 50 percent slower than yellow balls, and are great for beginners of all ages. I use them as a short-court warm up, to challenge players’ footwork and racquet control and help develop consistency.
Orange (Stage 2) balls are regulation size, but weigh slightly less and travel 25 percent slower. I use these with a 60-foot court and for rallying while playing “Triples” in our Cardio Tennis and other programs. In addition, we allow two bounces.
Green (Stage 3) balls are regulation size and weight, but travel 10 percent slower. We use these on a full-size court with adult beginners, players coming back to tennis, and even with some intermediate hitters. They allow players to enjoy getting and keeping more balls in play.
For the first five minutes of our clinic, six players lined up side by side on the service line, at which point I fed them red balls from my service T. They hit back to me so I could hit the ball to the next person in line and keep the rally going. Then for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.435085
Retrieved Text: Death stared us in the face, Alex said.
I didn’t think we would make it. The snow kept getting deeper and deeper and the wind kept getting stronger and stronger. Suddenly it occurred to me, we were in a storm.
I love hiking and try to take two trips a year to the Carpathian mountain range. For me it is a time of meditation when I can ponder the deep issues of life. I climb with my back pack five to six hours a day. The physical challenges help me to focus on serious inner dialogue. This is my idea of an ideal vacation.
This trip was very special for me and my friends who accompanied me. We decided to cross the mountain range in three days. We had done it in the past and we considered ourselves experienced hikers.
The first day was hard as usual but was rewarded with a nice location to overnight. When we got up in the morning the weather had changed. It had started to snow. But that didn’t scare us. On the place of our second overnight location, we met a group of hikers from Poland who told us that they had encountered a big storm on their way down the mountain. That didn’t scare us either. We had only eight kilometers to cover and an additional attitude of 600 meters.
When we started in the morning, we soon realized that the weather had dramatically changed. The snow in some places was so deep that we sank into the snow up to our hips.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.36445
Retrieved Text: headed out this morning for first light with declan and paul out of dunmore.the weather was not as good as i thought it would be with a wind againest tide chop and even tho sunny was quite cool.
fishing in general was good we started out off a reef off slade getting loads of poor cod ,ballan and cuckoo wrasse,pollock,pout fish were of very small size,drift was s**t never seen it so bad covered if even 100 yards in 45 mins. moved to a deeper water spot and drift was still slow but started getting a few codling and ling small all under the pound loads more cuckoos and a few big pout and an octopus.as wind was picking and ffish size small decided to move in shore in hope of a plaice or a few dabs,tide was to strong we anchored up and uptided for last two hours before we headed in at 12.fishing was very good with tons of whiten a few codling a dab and a flounder .declan has a few pics will post later.
Seems to plenty of small stuff around, with the odd big lurker being caught, had a trip[ off the saltees, on friday and had some decent fishing with some nice codling and pollock, and the usual wrasses, but nothing to special. prehaps the macks have all gone now as they were here during the winter!!
think so they prob wont turn up again till oct ,even tho heard there was a few caught off the rocks the weekend.could of been a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.314726
Retrieved Text: So what is the weather doing where you live?
Anyway, it's hella cold where I live right now. We at hitting a low of -30 degrees celsius. It's bonkers. It's so cold out. I want to go ice skating but it's so hard when the north wind penetrates through all layers of my clothing.
The weather here is warm, humid, and so far, overcast. The combination is covering the neighborhood in mist this morning. It's kinda pretty.
And the rain is now gone...again. But now it's so cold, it cuts right to the bone...no matter how many layers I wear. At least it is sunny right now.
It's trying hard to be a blizzard. **looks out window** Okay, the snow's still thick, but it's moving a lot slower. So half heartedly trying to be a blizzard.
It was a warm, sunny day with a little bit of a playful breeze.
Unfortunately it didn't melt the ice patches frequenting parking lots or my driveway at all, so I've still got to penguin shuffle- but I hope the nicer weather keeps up throughout the weekend.
I've got a late family Christmas coming up- as long as the roads are alright I don't care what happens.
Bo is still melting. There is a HUGE difference between country heat and city heat that is for sure. I'd much rather be chilling on the porch at my cousin's place (or even my uncle's place) and enjoying the amazing breeze.
Snowfall and lots of wind.
Cold, but at least it was dry today. We've been getting so much rain lately that I

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.237892
Retrieved Text: ﻿﻿﻿ There is a new explanation for this kind of landform on Earth and Mars.
Dune is a wind-blown sandy landform widely distributed in desert areas on the earth, and it is a wind-blown landform formed by wind erosion, transportation and accumulation of sandy land. A large number of dunes of different shapes have also been found on Mars and Titan.
< p> dome dune is a kind of dune with special shape. They are round in shape, and their plane shapes are similar to circles or ellipses. They are like steamed buns of large and small, lack of fallen sand slopes and irregular spatial distribution of individuals. Such dunes are common on Mars and Titan.
< p> dome dunes occur in the environment of relatively less abundant sand sources and complex wind conditions. Affected by the complexity of wind conditions, dome dunes can evolve from crescent dunes (dunes similar to crescents in shape) (Fig. 2).
Figure 2: Dune morphological characteristics under different wind conditions in numerical simulation. A. Solitary crescent-shaped and dome-shaped dunes. B. Crescent-shaped and dome-shaped dunes developed on non-erodible beds. C. The complexity of wind conditions is expressed by standard deviation of sediment transport rate. From the picture above, we can see that the dome dunes evolved from the crescent dunes. When the more complicated wind blows in all directions, the crescent moon is gradually "filled up" and piled higher and higher, and becomes a steamed dome dune. The direction and intensity of wind will affect the formation process of these steamed buns. In addition, compared with

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.232973
Retrieved Text: I’ve probably asked a thousand anglers what they struggle with most. Almost all of them have asked me back “how do I control my boat in the wind?” Boat control is one of the most critical concepts for any angler to master.
A stiff breeze can be tough, but active fish often concentrate on the windy side of a lake or reservoir where the food chain goes wild and walleyes can use their keen sight and lateral lines to their advantage. The wind breaks up light penetration as well.
We’ve all seen it. Wind blows, hammer fish, wind stops, and so does the bite. The key is to learn boat control techniques that make the wind your friend.
A strong wind makes controlling boat speed difficult. Walleyes can be selective and finicky. Like all predators, they’d rather their food come to them, as they instinctively reserve energy for growing and reproducing. They tend to avoid chasing lures or bait. As a result, more walleyes are typically caught when the boat is moving slower than 1.5 mph.
Sometimes, wind moves a boat faster than you want it to go. It’s a good thing there are tools you can use to slow down!
In a slight breeze, turn the bow of the boat into the wind in order to work the contours of structures. When buying a boat, equip it with the most-powerful trolling motor and the longest shaft you can afford. MinnKota’s Terrova trolling motor is a great aid for most walleye anglers. The I-pilot feature allows you to set the direction

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.21086
Retrieved Text: In December 2014, the West African StovePlus team visited a Shea butter production area in Dioïla, a women’s cooperative in the South of Bamako.
“From December, the trees bear flowers and fruit. In June, we begin to collect the fruit until September.
“You shouldn’t pick up ripe fruit on trees, but wait until they fall on the ground.
“It increases our production because we can save time. The three stone fire is slower and even more when the wind picks up for example, the fire is less efficient and nearly dies out. But with the new device, you just have to put the nuts in the pot, and you can begin to work without worrying about the fire.
“It’s faster and more than before. With the 3 stone fire, the cleaning lasts ten days for one tonne but with the improved cookstove, it lasts only 2 days, and that’s it! That permits us to reduce our expenses on firewood.
“It has changed a lot, and women don’t get tired like before. For sure, women before this were getting tired quickly because of the very hard work.
From West Africa to South Asia, meet people, all involved in the cookstove sector.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.20917
Retrieved Text: The top three teams on Leg 6 from Brazil to the USA are today engaged in a nip and tuck scramble as Ken Read’s PUMA Ocean Racing powered by BERG continue to lead from Chris Nicholson’s CAMPER with Emirates Team New Zealand and Iker Martínez´s Team Telefónica in third.
With just over 3,000 nautical miles still to go, PUMA managed to pull out a lead of slightly over 13 nm by the 0700 UTC position report this morning, but the margin between second and third remained miniscule, with overall race leaders Telefónica edging past CAMPER to establish an advantage of just one and a half nautical miles.
At 1300 UTC PUMA had a 9.28 nm lead, and CAMPER had returned to second place, half a nautical mile ahead of Telefónica in third.
Ian Walker’s Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing were in fourth, 46 nm off the lead, but still capable of pouncing on any mistakes by the leading trio. Back in fifth, Franck Cammas’ Groupama sailing team are struggling to make major inroads into their 116 nm deficit.
This morning the leading three boats made a synchronised move towards Brazil, gybing to the west to pick up an advantageous current and hook into a wind bend around the coast. PUMA navigator Tom Addis said the top three boats had been sailing in pleasant down wind conditions and concentrating on taking full advantage of wind shifts to achieve optimal angles.
Addis said the PUMA crew had welcomed having CAMPER and Telefónica as stalking horses, but were keen to stretch their lead before crossing

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.185709
Retrieved Text: Well after a wonderful sunset we were also treated to a wonderful sunrise.
With the hills becoming golden.
A short 250m ride from â€œBlind Billyâ€™sâ€ saw us at the official start of the rail trail. I made sure everyone knew I was an Aussie by strapping my thongs to the back on my panniers. Hyde Township is a leisurely 29km.
Before long we run into New Zealandâ€™s famous sheep on the track. With my 'Cow Whisperer' reputation, I was required by Dilys to take the lead and clear the track of fluffy things.
...but not before I took some pictures of them....Isnâ€™t he (she?) cute?
After clearing the track, Rick and Dilys take a carefree ride along the cleared track.
In fact, once the sheep were up on the hill there was no sign of fear... Or is that smile through gritted teeth as Dilys wonders what those sheep behind her are doing?
Note the smile on Dilysâ€™ face here. This one is genuine.She is still happy here, but before long she will be heard to say "It's the first day and I'm not having fun!" (and I think that was her putting it nicely).
Morning tea at the halfway point, but somewhere along the way the distance appears to have increased by a km. As we move around NZ, it became apparent that Kiwis appear to have a problem with distance mathematics.....I feel that I should point out here that my bike is nicely resting against the sign.
Unfortunately, while reading another sign, the wind picked up. My bike went "crash" first as the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.143932
Retrieved Text: Credit Karma leverages data for over 60 million members to deliver a personalized user experience. When you visit our site or use our mobile apps, we crunch your credit report and other factors in real time to understand how we can help you improve your credit score, refinance your credit card, or otherwise make financial progress.
To do this, we rely largely on Scala and Akka to do the heavy lifting: Scala gives us type safety and the blazing performance of the JVM (to name a few strengths), and Akka abstracts away the complexity of multi threaded, distributed systems.
Powerful tools, however, demand some mastery on how to use them. As Zack Loebel-Begelman highlights in his blog post, Solving for High Throughput with Akka Streams, it’s important to identify the problem you need to solve when starting with Scala and Akka. It definitely will dictate the success of your project.
This is the story of what happens when you get that wrong.
Sometime back in 2015, we needed to move data from a third party analytics provider that helped us gauge how members interacted with our product features. Scala and Akka were gaining traction internally as engineers gravitated away from dynamic types and the lack of first class concurrency in PHP, so we began to build out an Akka Actor System that could help us parallelize the work of importing data into our pipeline.
Just getting started with Scala and Akka, we didn’t immediately see the problem with this approach.
3) Then finally send that data to a group of Spray/HTTP actors

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.007723
Retrieved Text: Experienced Movers & Packers...local & long distance moves (Gulf Breeze).
Before you commit to a mover please check us out, don't take the risk of your movers not showing up having the right equipment or transportation, or not respecting your belongings! Make sure you get references that you can actually check on locally, we can back our work with several local reviews. We understand hard times and being tight for money.We have 35 years of professional and safe moving experience.
Nothing beats a professional touch at an affordable price. We choose to stay a small company so our customers receive the attention and professionalism they deserve. Our goal is to make your move as stress free, safe and within your budget as possible!
* Small Businesses, houses, apt., condos and storage unit moves.
*We provide all the professional equipment to move your belongings safely.
* We handle Emergency moves or when the mover you hired didn't show up!
*State to state, across country and local moves.
* Complete moving and packing, includes disassemble and reassemble furniture.
* If you just want your truck loaded and/or unloaded for you.
*Free on site estimates with no hidden cost and no obligation.
* Pickup & Delivery; Deliver any purchase you have bought but need help getting in home instead of paying a unreasonable delivery fee.
**If you are military please let us know, we have special discounts for those who protect and keep our freedom for us!
Please call in advance to get the lowest price out there!
please keep in mind that text and emails may result in slower response time.
*

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.98206
Retrieved Text: The new vessel is here and what a beast! It is everything that I was hoping for and more. Top end is lightning fast; she cruises at an easy 40 knots and burns 1.1 mpg, which is what I used to burn on my other boat with a slower cruise and a smaller boat. There is a tremendous increase in cockpit space and the overall length of the boat is much bigger. It has a bigger console, bigger T-Top and just plain old feels a lot bigger. SeaVee did a great job with her. The electronics from Simrad are awesome and the stereo system from JL Audio is amazing. It�s been windy all week, but we have been fishing every day and what a better way to break her in. The triple 350 Verados move her through the biggest of waves without any issues. Truly a very impressive machine.
To make matters even better she is catching fish right of the bat. The wind has been out of the east at a good clip and that has pushed a lot of mahis onto the edge. That combined with the fact that there has been a ton of bait in 40 to 80 feet of water and the mahi fishing has been very good. Most of the fish are in with the bait so we have been looking in the shallower water and finding the mahis pushing up bait. Once we spot a shower we can quickly cast live baits and hook up with some very decent size

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.885603
Retrieved Text: As always, kite position is critical and will vary depending on what kind of air you want to do; you might aim for a long, flat air or a high, vertical air. The conditions will really affect where your kite should be; on light days, if your kite is low it won’t provide much lift and will instead drag you sideways rather than providing height so you’ll need to keep your kite a little higher to get that lift.
The unstrapped back-roll is a great starting point if you’re new to aerials as they’ll help you practice control through the air and develop your ability to land moves.
CONDITIONS: back-rolls are easiest in side-shore or side-onshore wind as you can head directly at the chop or wave and get a really good launching pad. But you don’t need a wave to practice on, just a decent bit of wind chop.
- Wind speed of between 10-25knts. Over 25 is usually more unpredictable and unsuitable for unhooking. Plus, the windier it becomes the smaller kite you’ll be riding which typically means it will turn and respond faster leaving less room for error. Larger kites have a slower response time and give you a little leeway, which is helpful when you’re starting out unhooked.
- Wind direction: unhooking is easiest in side-onshore all the way around to side-shore conditions. Side-off or offshore is still possible although much harder.
- Downwinders are great for starting out with unhooking as there’s no pressure to stay upwind or frustration when you mess up a wave.
For me,

================



