======= Instance Index 122 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A group of people are in a house. a man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is holding cored soap in his hand as he washes with a bottle.

Ending 2: is mopping the floor with a mop.

Ending 3: is shown wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.

Ending 4: uses a paintball gun on his child.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.592176
Retrieved Text: #52704883 - Red lanterns, oriental charm, the Spring Festival atmosphere.
#35618548 - Silhouette of a man Happy successful raising arms to the sky..
#93113276 - Backlighting portrait of a joyful mother raising her baby outdoors..
#108745447 - Backlighting portrait of a joyful mother raising her baby outdoors..
#37541508 - Group of cheerleaders performing outdoors - Concept of cheerleading..
#108747918 - Back view of young backlit man looking into the distance on illuminated..
#38536931 - Working man walking near airplane wing at the terminal gate of..
#73301104 - Group of urban friends walking in city skate park with backlighting..
#76682984 - People silhouettes putting puzzle pieces together on city background..
#77013901 - People silhouettes putting puzzle pieces together on abstract..
#104666805 - Stylish light gray kitchen interior with modern cabinets with..
#108748125 - Back view of young backlit man looking into the distance on illuminated..
#86815910 - Best friends taking selfie outdoors with backlighting - Happy..
#86815909 - Best friends taking selfie outdoors with backlighting - Happy..
#117963685 - Back view backlighting silhouette of a man alone on a swing looking..
#86815911 - Best friends taking selfie outdoors with backlighting - Happy..
#118172724 - Back view backlighting silhouette of a man sitting on swing alone..
#96363446 - Happy best friends taking selfie outdoors with backlighting -..
#91187299 - Group of urban friends gang walking in city skate park with backlighting..
#86815897 - Best friends taking selfie outdoors with backlighting - Happy..
#86815896 - Best friends taking selfie outdoors with backlighting - Happy..
#86815894 - Best friends taking selfie outdoors with backlighting - Happy..
#113628232 - Happy best friends taking selfie outdoors with desaturated backlighting..
#76682722 - Back view of thoughtful

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.455862
Retrieved Text: The Blue Man Theater is located inside Luxor Hotel and Casino at the Las Vegas Strip. The Blue Man Group performed at the Luxor between 2000-2005, before shifting to the Venetian Las Vegas. It returned to Luxor Hotel in November 2015.
The Luxor Hotel opened on October 15, 1993. It is the ninth-largest hotel in the world, and is best known for the Luxor Sky Beam - strongest beam of light in the world. Its 30-storey pyramid is a landmark on the south-end of the Strip, and is comparable in size with the Red Pyramid in Egypt.
Book Blue Man Group tickets and save $8 on your first booking. Use promo code 'GOVEGAS'!
Given that the Poncho Section (Category B) is the most expensive, if your budget is lesser, fret not. The Blue Man theatre has been designed in such a way that there is not one bad seat in the house.
Category A is the largest seating category in the theatre, with over 400 seats. Seats are available in Sections 102, 103, 202, and 203.
The Poncho category (Category B) is perhaps the most sought-after seat category at the Blue Man Group show. With just 48 seats up for grabs, those sitting in these seats will be provided with a poncho, as they may get splashed with paint. The Poncho category is only present in Sections 102 and 103.
Category C seats 222 people across all 6 sections in the house.
Category D seats 123 people across sections 102, 103, 201, and 204. Within sections 201 and 204, the seats are the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.213526
Retrieved Text: Syrian government forces have been accused of killing civilians to remove the rebels by going house to house. According to the League of Nations, President Bashar al-Assad’s army killed at least 82 people at 4 areas of east Aleppo. The dead included 11 women and 13 children.
A leader of a rebel group said to the news agency that rebels and ordinary people has signed an agreement with the Syria government to leave east of Aleppo within a few hours, in mediation with Russia and Turkey.
A video on Twitter showed that a burning woman screams, body of a young man rub with blood lying near her.
A report said since the start of the civil war in Syria in March 2011, three and a half million people have lost their lives. Ninety thousand of them are civilians.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.194328
Retrieved Text: It is the screened story of a girl who is forced by cruelty to desert her husband, and who later marries a wealthy man, believing her husband to be dead. The man she first married steals into her house, and is shot by a fellow-crook.
A group of people all looking for their perfect match.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.160688
Retrieved Text: When a group of strangers end up living under the same roof, they come with their own personal baggage. Wu Xiao Li is a mother figure who rents out rooms in her house to a group of young people. Ji Yan Xi faces tremendous pressure from his family but tries his best to go after his dreams. Xiang Yi Yang is a likable, easy-going young man despite all the hardships he hasfaced. Wen Xin and Xiang Yi Rou are both trying to grasp the things they want most out of life. Can the group of housemates support one another through life’s many challenges and learn the true meaning of a family?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.126007
Retrieved Text: Image of a group of soldiers looking down at a dirty and wounded man lying on the ground with his hands bound behind his back.
Image of a dirty and wounded man lying on the ground with his hands bound behind his back. There are many soldiers standing around him, but most are looking in other directions.
Image of a dirty and wounded man sitting on the ground with his hands bound behind his back. The legs of several uniformed people are standing around him.
Image of several soldiers with guns and ammunition. Two of the soldiers are sitting down together and there is a man in civilian clothes behind them.
Image of a group of soldiers in front of a house. Most of them are looking out of frame. There is a large, long-barrelled gun on a tripod at their feet and a man in civilian clothes in the background.
Image of a dirty, wounded man lying it the street.
Image of a tank with soldiers sitting atop it, with locals walking by behind it. The tank has a white decal of a [lion?] on it.
Image of a soldier on a field telephone.
Image of a small crowd of locals watching large military vehicles drive past.
Image of smiling soldiers sitting at an artillery station.
Image of a person sitting in the flatbed of a vehicle in protective gear and glasses. They are smiling and holding a rifle.
Image of a tank on the side of a suburban street. There is a decal of a white elephant on the tank and a soldier standing in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.066263
Retrieved Text: NEWPORT NEWS, Va. - The Newport News Police Department is investigating a shooting that happened in the 300 block of 55th Street Saturday.
The call came out at 2:08 p.m. Once officers arrived on scene they found a man suffering from a gunshot wound. Medics pronounced the man dead on scene.
Police later identified the victim as 30-year-old Quintez Moore.
Officials also confirmed that a woman who lived inside the home was detained at the scene.
Reports say at least one person was inside the home at the time of the shooting and that detectives are knocking on neighbors' doors, trying to piece together what may have happened.
Police say the house where the shooting happened is a group house where multiple people rent out rooms.
Authorities also said that for the many people living in the area, they do not believe anyone else is in danger.
Detectives are currently investigating the circumstances of this shooting. The investigation remains ongoing.
On March 9, 2019 at 2:04 PM, Newport News Police were dispatched to the 300 block of 55th Street in reference to a shooting. Upon arrival, officers located an adult male victim suffering from a gunshot wound.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.043213
Retrieved Text: Beanpole is the god of pointless behavior. It is also a group of people that participates in the 4th of July Parade every year in Bloomington. They have been doing so since 1996 and are many a crowd favorite. They are basically an anti-status quo group that do unique things with their spot in the parade, while their leader Nathan Cambridge shouts through a megaphone that Beanpole is the god of pointless behavior, wishes people a happy 4th of July and says in America you have the freedom to do whatever you want. He also says many other things that are now lost in time. Some people think that they are stressing creativity and encouraging people to do more with their lives, showing that they are expressing their freedom to do such things. Other people think that they are making fun of people who sit and watch parades.
According to an interview with the HT, the group is not promoting anything really, just trying to do something different to stress that there are different things to do. Nathan said that since the group was created, people involved with it have taken the concept to other cities like Seattle and even other countries like China and Turkey.
Their floats are usually off the wall creative and sometimes have been fairly tall for a Bloomington parade.
2016 - High Priest riding a missile on a saddle.
2014 - Magic Portal with flying chairs & random wiring, potatoes from the Horseman, and Robo-Bob.
2013 - Rolling blue shape with live music, horse headed men,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.013681
Retrieved Text: Church of St. Adalbert in Kraków.
Kosiński sisters by the car on the road, portrait, rural landscape in the background.
Group of cavalrymen and civilians.
Portrait of a military man.
‘Marshal Józef Piłsudski’ Revue of the cavalry in Błonia Park. Marshal and generals.
Portrait of Apolonia Szczurek, nee Malke.
The graduates of the Faculty of Engineering of Roads and Bridges.
Portrait of Ferdynand Maria Visconte de Lesseps.
Posthumous portrait of the count Andrzej Potocki.
Collegium Novum of Jagiellonian University in Krakow.
Normandy (?), a pawilon – cafe on the beach.
Benedictine Abbey in Tyniec, Krakow.
Tatra Mountains, Morskie Oko lake.
Normandy (?), children on the beach.
Zakopane, highlanders in front of the church.
Plac Szczepański (Sczepański Sqaure) in Krakow.
Spring park, the statue of Holy Mary.
Wiktoria Zubrzycki and two men – priest Alojzy Tajduś on the left?
Family portrait with the gate of the house in the background .
Mountain in Island Beskids (Łysa Góra?).
The villa of the director of the refinery in Sowliny.
Manor house in the winter.
Four people on snowy slope.
January and Maria Zubrzycki skiing.
Portrait of Zubrzycki sisters with mother and few people in the orchard.
Equestrian portrait of Maria Zubrzycka.
Equestrian portrait of Wiktoria Zubrzycka.
Polish Army soldiers, installation of the bridge.
London, the Parliament, Chamber of House of Commons.
Portrait of two women and two men.
Building the tram line. Paving the rails.
Lessons in St Ursula’s Public School for Girls in Krakow.
Maria Paszkiewicz aiming a bow.
Portrait of a man and a woman.
Group portrait of women from the Teaching School for girls and students from the elementary school during classes.
Group portrait of Prussian soldiers.
Krakow, Church of St. Casimir the Prince on Reformacka street.
Group of people by the Tatra

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.999628
Retrieved Text: A TV crew down in Greenville, S.C. is documenting a case of extreme hoarding. Neighbors watched as crews worked in the house cleaning most of the stuff that made up the clutter there.
Residents say that the man is a vet who has been suffering from the disorder for several years now. He has so much stuff inside his house that everything is piled up to the ceiling. There’s just a narrow passage where a single person can pass through. They have also reported that there was an odor coming from the area of the house.
A local group obtained help for the man who was reported to be on the brink of losing his home. The television crew came in to document his case and to help him out as well.
Experts say that people who suffer from hoarding have a hard time letting go of material things no matter how useless they are. That is why getting help for them is very important. It would take a team and a lot of effort to cure that kind of disorder.
Shelby Coates has written about the story. You can click here to get the full article.
« Hoarding and House Fire: There’s Definitely a Connection!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.946257
Retrieved Text: We are a group of young enthusiasts aiming to become the ultimate answer for the perennial concern of every house hold, skilled and reliable man power on your fingertips. The sole aim of our initiative is to provide people, quality services. In this endeavor, we have connected with mindful of people to help us achieve our goal.
We are driven by the idea of serving customers, better and at the same time providing the service providers, an opportunity to have a secured tomorrow, there is no such thing Minor/major work. SHCS has trained and police verified staff operated by RATNAKAR ASSOCIATES.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.902893
Retrieved Text: 397 records – page 1 of 8.
Item is the unbound master copy of the "Burnaby Centennial Anthology / Stories of Early Burnaby" produced for the Burnaby Heritage Advisory Committee by: Harry Pride, Annie Boulanger, Marjorie Colclough, Barbara Froese and Les Lee Lowe (members of the History and Heritage Committee of Burnaby's 1992 Centennial Committee).
Photograph of Bob and Mary Anne O'Brien, parents of Harry O'Brien.
Photograph of Esther Giffen Wood, mother of Robert "Bob" Wood standing in a forested area.
Photograph of a yard and trees covered with snow. Houses are visible in the background.
Photograph of a woman and two children standing outside. They are members of the Jackson family.
Photograph of husband and wife, Harold and Florence Jackson.
Photograph of baby Vera Jackson, taken outdoors.
Photograph of the Phillips family, parents and two children, in a horse and buggy.
Photograph of an unidentified man and woman standing outside.
Photograph of Ethen Cornforth at eighty-six years old.
Photograph of Annie Clark and possibly one of her daughters, Mary or Bessie.
Photograph of a group of house builders outside a partially constructed home.
Photograph of two women in a garden with houses in the background.
Photograph of cousins John Wosnuk and Ernest Stephen standing in front of a pile of wood.
Photograph of Reliable House Movers jacking up a house.
Photograph of a group of nineteen young people sitting and standing together outside.
Photograph of a group of twenty-three young people sitting and standing together outside.
Photograph of wisteria growing over a garden gate.
Photograph of a 1935 Ford beside a snow bank.
Photograph of a water tower with graffiti on it.
Photograph of a sailing

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.859035
Retrieved Text: A TAMBORINE rattles and feet stomping on timber floorboards echoes down the dark garden path of this strange, old house.
Don’t bring anything, just yourself, were the instructions given by an intense man who stared deeply and refused to blink.
It’s a cold Friday night in the small town of Katoomba in the Blue Mountains. Up the road, about 500m, backpackers and weekenders scurry into bars and restaurants to escape the icy air. But a stroll down Baptist St along the train line, there’s no one else. That’s when the tambourine rattles.
An electric doorbell is stuck to the side of the old home’s thick front door. The hi-tech convenience goes against the simple notions of the group that resides here. It’s just one of many contradictions.
Yellow light floods the darkness as a young man pulls the door open and loud renaissance music pours out with it. The stomping amplifies.
In the living room, a circle of young people spins around fast. It’s a blur of young men with leather headbands, little kids with long hair and young women covered up in floor-length skirts and baggy white blouses with braids down their backs.
They hold hands and thump their feet on the worn-out floorboards. Older members, also clothed in plain, conservative outfits, sit on the edges of the room and watch.
This is Friday night Shabbat at Balmoral House, one of the Sydney bases of controversial international religious group the Twelve Tribes. Its members are fiercely loyal to the conservative and reclusive practices. But those who have left the group tell a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.748026
Retrieved Text: Come join us for an evening of sports and manly fellowship as the GNOM (God Nurturing Our Men) men’s group enjoys the NCAA finals! The event will be held at Dave Neithamer’s house (2607 E. Whippoorwill Hollow) starting at 6:30 PM. While we watch the game, we will also play pool and Foosball in the Man Cave. Pizza, pop, and snacks will be provided by the Connecting People to People (CP2P) work group - but feel free to bring your own refreshments as well. Please invite a friend or bring a fellow MPCer to the event. We look forward to starting up the GNOM group again and seeing you, even if you can’t stay for the entire game!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.659504
Retrieved Text: 3 found guilty of attack on black man in Mass.
BROCKTON, Mass. (AP) _ Three Marshfield residents have been convicted of assaulting and violating the civil rights of a black man who was beaten outside a house party more than three years ago.
A Superior Court jury on Monday returned the verdicts against 23-year-old Amanda Kelly, 21-year-old Christopher Bratlie and 25-year-old Kevin Shdeed.
A sentencing hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Prosecutors said the June 2008 attack was racially motivated. They said the victim, Tazaya Robinson of Boston, was beaten, kicked and stabbed while a group of people including the attackers shouted racial slurs.
Four other people pleaded guilty to charges in connection with the case.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.622774
Retrieved Text: A former care home in Northampton that closed in October has been given a new lease of life after a group of 20 ‘guardians’ moved in to help keep the property secure.
Hampton House, a former care home in Lumbertubs for disabled people, is being looked after by a group of people who are living in the premises to prevent it from becoming derelict.
The building, which is owned by Scope, is currently up for sale but a company called Ad Hoc have organised the guardians to live there until a buyer is found.
Sarah Reid, area manager of Ad Hoc Property Management Ltd, said the guardians were all working professionals aged 21 and above who were occupying individual rooms in the building.
Ms Reid said they all had to agree to fairly strict terms and conditions including no children, no pets and no parties but benefited from a cheap rent of just £275 a month.
She said: “Our standard guardian is a man in his 40s who has just come out of a marriage break-up and is looking for something cheap and cheerful or someone looking to save some money for a deposit on a house.
Peter Farga and Mark Albert, both aged 21, were the first people to move into Hampton House after it closed as a care home.
Mr Farga said he was really enjoying living in the building as the rent was cheap and the kitchen and bathroom facilities were very good.
He said: “We were looking online for flats and we saw this one was just round the corner.
Suki

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.591724
Retrieved Text: See the famous Blue Man Group & enjoy dinner at the Hard Rock Cafe® with this awesome value combo package!
Days at Universal Orlando Resort™ are filled with non-stop fun…. and your nights can be just as exciting!
With this exclusive Universal CityWalk™ Night Out package you can enjoy dinner at Orlando’s world-famous Hard Rock Cafe®, plus best available seats at Blue Man Group which will rock your world, blow your mind, and unleash your spirit.
Save money by booking these two can’t-miss Orlando experiences together!
You can visit the Hard Rock Cafe® either before or after the Blue Man Group show – it’s totally up to you!
Enjoy a 2-course meal with a side order of rock 'n roll history at the world’s biggest Hard Rock Cafe®!
Located in the trendy Universal CityWalk® entertainment complex, you can enjoy classic American cuisine surrounded by more pieces of rock 'n roll memorabilia than any other Hard Rock Cafe® in the world!
Non-stop music videos play throughout the restaurant, and the walls are adorned with amazing rock memorabilia, including rare artefacts from various artists.
Get ready for a show that will rock your world, blow your mind, and unleash your spirit. Blue Man Group at Universal Orlando Resort™ is an outrageous evening of entertainment you will never forget. Leave your expectations at the door and let three bald and blue men take you on a spectacular journey bursting with music, laughter and surprises. 35 million people of all ages, languages and cultures know what Blue Man Group is really about. Now it’s your turn.
DARE TO LIVE

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.58591
Retrieved Text: communities with heart and spirit!
Clara Wainwright’s Buddha’s Delight, a quilt over 7 feet by 6 feet, hangs in the Atrium of Youville House, a donation from the Art Connection. For years people have admired this work of art and commented on its beauty. Little did we know when we hung the piece, that Clara would be leading residents and staff in a quilting project intended to hang in the Memory Support Community planned for Youville Place in Lexington. The gift of love is in progress, building a special bond between participants and making Wednesday afternoons at Youville House particularly special.
At the first meeting, the group discussed Alzheimer’s Disease. Did anyone have the diagnosis? Who had experienced the disease through family and friends? Clara and her friend Kyra Montagu made lists. What objects might be meaningful to people with Alzheimer’s Disease? What could people continue to enjoy doing as their memories became more impaired? The process began with scissors and fabric. Clara patiently coaxed, cajoled and began the creative process.
The second session introduced working as a team to create a mandala; a geometric figure representing the universe in Hindu and Buddhist symbolism. Such a symbol in a dream, represents the dreamer's search for completeness. This exercise was repeated and the group continued to explore shapes, color, texture and the special process of working with each other. The result was a colorful mandala. In the center was a beautiful golden circle. Alzheimer’s patients have deep spiritual roots that remain with them to the very end. Stars, moon, light,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.578724
Retrieved Text: Looking for professional Man and Van in Pratt's Bottom BR6 ?
Call us now on 020 8746 4418 to book the best Man with a Van Service in Pratt's Bottom with Removal To.
They will give you as much information as you need before making your decision about which moving company to hire for your change of residence or office location. Whether you live in TN16 or DA14 we can speak to you today and guide you through the simple process of arranging your move with Removal To. It’s fast, efficient and very easy. Call us now for a free quote!
Moving checklists are used my many London moving companies because they are certified to help any people moving house in Pratt's Bottom.
It’s totally simple yet a genius way to improve your house moving experience, regardless of whether you live in DA1, SE6, or SE14. Just make sure to keep it with you right up until the man and van team have closed the door and said their last goodbye. If you need advice on writing one call us or check our website.
Best Price in Pratt's Bottom Guarantee.
Proceeding on with the subject of boxes and packing for when you are moving house in Pratt's Bottom, we need you to acknowledge how you will mark your boxes.
Our London movers cherish it when you make their employment simpler – that way we can furnish the best house removal for you in Westcombe Park and around.
You can purchase plain stickers from us in diverse sizes for distinctive storage units. Additionally we can

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.547125
Retrieved Text: In Fact, You ARE Going!
In an Asian village, a ritualistic healer stopped to listen to a man telling stories on a street corner. He listened to the story of a man called Jesus, who claimed to be God, healing the daughter of a man named Jairus.
A crowd of around 20 people had also gathered, some perched on nearby rooftops. The storyteller, Rajendra, belongs to the Awadhi people. Few Awadhis follow Jesus, but in this village that’s changing. Rajendra is a church-planting pastor with little formal training, passionate about sharing God’s story with his people. StoryRunners, a ministry of Cru, (in partnership with TellAsia Ministries)helped Rajendra learn 42 different short stories from the Bible. He learned how to ask questions about the stories, so listeners could understand who God is and what He’d done for them.
Rajendra returned to the same street corner for several weeks, telling Bible stories. A group of people formed, interested in exploring God. Hallie, a StoryRunners staff member, says, “A house church formed with one Christian and about 25 nonbelievers.” Rajendra has since seen 20 people choose to follow Christ.
We can’t help but think how just like Rajendra, who’s passionate to make Jesus known, are Cru missionaries you have sent. They are RIGHT NOW in parts of the world that you’ll likely never physically go to, but are reaching! In fact, you are going; mobilizing others to those lost places.
Andrew & Sarah who’re in Ecuador now, Evan & Lydia who’re risking safety in an East Asian closed country, or Andy in the spiritually

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.538132
Retrieved Text: Colas (IOM) Limited is part of the international Colas Group, the largest road construction and maintenance organisation in the world.
We are an ambitious, award-winning business, delivering sustainable solutions for the design, build and maintenance of the Island's transport infrastructure.
Colas Holdings (IOM) Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the French company Colas SA. As the local shareholder, we give a group structure to our Isle of Man companies. From our head office at Broom House, Foxdale Road, Malew, we provide general management, administration and engineering services to our trading companies. Advice on quality, health, safety and the environment is also provided through local personnel supported by specialist staff employed by Colas Ltd, a related UK company.
Colas IOM has been operating on the Isle of Man since 1974., providing road surface treatments, quarry products, bulk bitumen supply, building products and waste disposal services.
We are very clear about our Vision, Mission and Values. We're growing our operations through intelligent solutions, excellent service and inspired people. We're working responsibly to provide sustainable solutions for our customers and our communities. And we possess the qualities in our people - their talent, passion and vision - to deliver excellence in everything we do.
Our vision and mission reflect the responsible approach we take towards the environment, society and economy in which we work. Our values are behind everything we do and everything we stand for.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.529316
Retrieved Text: It may never be known who inflicted the fatal blows that killed Murupara teenager Kaine Lewis, but those who took part in a gang attack on him are all responsible for his death, a High Court jury has heard.
Five Murupara men associated with the Mongrel Mob - Neville Duff, 33, Joshua-Lesley Whitu, 18, David Te Wharerangi Rewi, 25, Jurome Takere Rutene and Hemi Winitana, both 19, are on trial at the High Court at Rotorua before Justice John Priestley and a jury charged with murdering the 17-year-old on October 3, 2009, and participating in an organised criminal group.
A sixth man, Norton Taoho, 19, pleaded guilty last month to the murder, and another man, Jarrod Tumoana Rewi, 19, pleaded guilty to participating in an organised criminal group and has been discharged on the murder charge.
Opening the case yesterday, Rotorua Crown Solicitor Fletcher Pilditch told the jury a gang fight broke out in Murupara's Tawa St between Mongrel Mob and Tribesmen associates early on October 3, 2009, following two earlier "skirmishes" between the gangs.
It may never be known who administered the fatal blows.
"All accused are charged with murder.
"They played a criminal part ... it was the action and consequence of the group behaviour in this case ... the death of Kaine Lewis was as a result of the conduct of the accused acting together," he said.
A group of people associated with the Tribesmen gang and dressed in yellow were at a party at one end of the street while another group associated with the Mongrel Mob and dressed

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.487122
Retrieved Text: Our Man and Van Borris will happily help you with all elements of removals as well as moving to make the day less difficult. We will carry your furnishings, load the van and transport your furnishings and other possessions to your brand-new house.
Our price pledge is simple. We are charging for hours and that’s it. No concealed or additional charges. Our man and van rates are extremely friendly and its tough to beat us on rate.
Friendly, local Man and Van services in Borris.
Safe transport of your furniture – extra care and protection.
Aid with taking apart and assembling your furnishings.
Assist with packing and unloading your possessions.
Our Man with a Van service use 5 different van sizes. Click on asked for Removals Van size to examine Prices and Dimensions. Select from 1, 2 or 3 Men to assist with all your loads. We provide also self-loading choice if you wish to save some loan when you load and discharge your goods.
By selecting our Man Van Borris service you can rest assured that your products are in safe hands. From the very start of each order, Borris Man and Van group will take care of your every requirement from packaging, filling your items on to the removals van, transferring to brand-new destination, unloading and unloading. Our Prices starting from € 50 p/h and we accept all major payment methods: PayPal, Credit Card, Debit Card.
Our Man Van Borris company provide a wide range of vans in sizes. It suggests that you can select a van that is just the ideal

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.469633
Retrieved Text: IN A desperate attempt to save his mate's life, and stop the scourge of ice on the Fraser Coast, a man has staged a peaceful protest out the front of an alleged methamphetamine dealer's house in Pialba.
On Monday afternoon Chad Delandre used a megaphone to publicly accuse a resident of selling his friend ice, drawing a crowd from surrounding streets.
Standing across the road from the accused dealer's home, Chad's message blared across the street.
"I know you sell ice to my mate," Chad said through his megaphone.
"Now everyone knows you are a drug dealer."
Pausing to catch his breath, those who came to support Chad clapped for him, while the man inside the house yelled obscenities and denied selling the drug.
The 26-year-old moved to Hervey Bay 13 years ago and said he could not stand by and watch the popular drug ice consume his community and his loved ones.
"About six months ago my mate's dad died, and in his depressed state he tried ice," Chad told the Chronicle.
"Now he's hooked and its turned his brain to mush, I've watched his whole life fall apart…it almost makes me cry.
"I don't want to see my friend die."
A small group of people who saw the post came to support Chad's cause.
One man, Noel Byers, said he had also seen the effects of ice on people close to him, and wanted the whole region to support Chad's cause.
"The whole town should be here," Noel said.
"I was expecting to have the whole street filled with people, but I guess a lot of people

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.461195
Retrieved Text: Home > DREAMS THAT HAVE COME TRUE > Waffle House shooting in Nashville, Tennessee, these dreams from the 20th of April maybe related.
Ok so all these DD's seem to be related, a man and a woman who are members of a hate group in Nashville TN are about to do their 20th shooting but this time something goes wrong and the 2005 Ford Mustang getaway car and driver will not be there suppose to be. The man will walk the aN& P discount tobacco and beer building (the real place) in Nashville. The FBI is aware of many of the hate crimes and but did not make the connection. The suspected gunman, Travis Reinking, was partially naked when the shooting occurred, wearing only a green jacket. After sitting in the parking lot for approximately four minutes, he came out of a pickup truck holding a rifle and fatally shot two people outside the Waffle House. He then went inside the restaurant and continued to fire, resulting in one more death at the scene; a fourth victim died at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center, with four others being treated for related injuries. One customer, who suffered a grazing wound, hid near the restaurant's bathrooms, rushed the shooter, and wrestled the rifle away. The gunman then fled on foot, leaving his rifle behind.
Album name: brian / Waffle House shooting in Nashville, Tennessee, these dreams from the 20th of April maybe related.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.395885
Retrieved Text: We offer affordable waste recycling group for and Property Management companies in and around Beauchamp Roding and Little Cambridge. People use us because we have no load amount restrictions. Services offered include '1/4 Tipper garden rubbish clearance' and 'same day house clearance company'. Read more on office clearance.
We know you are after a responsible local waste operator that can dispose of your rubbish material reponsibly? Rubbish Clearance Ltd can help. We are cheaper than skip hire and much more flexible..
Looking for a one off fee price for waste recycling group or green waste removal? Whether you are in a shop or office we can help all local residents in Beauchamp Roding. We are a established The house clearance company based in Essex. We do all the loading so you don't have to. Whatever amount of rubbish you have, our two man teams can safely collect and dispose of it. Stuff that we dispose of include loads of bricks, cupboards, computers and White Goods.
We collect, clear up and take away of all your broken tumble dryers, , chairs, cuttings, filing cabinets, paper and cardboard boxes or photocopiers with no bother hassle or headache from anywhere in Essex CM5.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.34353
Retrieved Text: Only one man stands between a powerful cabal planning an invisible coup of the U.S. government and their brutal goals-Dewey Andreas.
A group of some of the most powerful people in the government, the military, and the private sector, has begun a brutal plan to quietly take over the reins of the U.S. government. They've begun to remove the people who stand in their way-and replace them with their own sympathizers and puppets. They've already taken out the Speaker of the House-whose death was made to look like an accidental drowning-and the president and vice president are next. Once they have their own people in place, they plan to start a bloody, brutal war on an unimaginable scale.
BEN COES is the New York Times bestselling author of international espionage thrillers, including Eye for an Eye, Independence Day, and First Strike. Before writing his first novel, Power Down, he worked at the White House under two presidents and was a Fellow at the John F. Kennedy School of Government. He lives with his wife and four children in Wellesley, Massachusetts.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.298794
Retrieved Text: Some people simply don't like drones. They might feel that they're intruding on their privacy or that they're just a plain nuisance. But sometimes drones can be used for a good cause.
Guess that didn't really matter to one Suffolk County man.
Police say a 26 year-old man used a shotgun to shoot a drone out of the sky Sunday. Police now say he's facing third-degree criminal mischief charges. What's making this a big deal, according to the NY Post, is that this remote control quadcoptor was searching fo a lost dog in the area.
The Post says a group called the Missing Angels Long Island was using the drone to search for the lost pooch around the man's house in Saint James, NY. The drone was reportedly valued at around $1,000. Police say the missing pets group lost contact with the drone at around 4:45 p.m., and used the machine's GPS to track the downed copter near the man's home.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.281115
Retrieved Text: A MAN accused of murder appeared ‘an emotional wreck’ when he arrived back at a Marsden house the night Craig Hepburn was fatally stabbed, a witness told a court.
Anthony Driver was said to have turned up at a party minutes after Mr Hepburn was attacked and told people he had been unable to stop his co-accused, Luke Elliott.
The jury sitting at Leeds Crown Court yesterday heard evidence about the moments after Scottish piper Mr Hepburn was stabbed 11 timed in a frenzied attack in Marsden on the evening of July 6.
Elliott, 21, of Main Avenue Cowlersley and Driver, 36, of Grange Cottages, Marsden, are standing trial accused of murder and the attempted murder of a second man Conor Paton.
The witness, who cannot be named, said he was with Elliott who was drinking with a group of friends at a house in Mount Road then left at 11.45pm to go and meet Driver.
The court heard Elliott was later phoned by the witness and heard ‘something bad had happened’ and a group met the pair at the end of the street before all of them ran back to the house.
The witness said Elliott and Driver rushed into the house after them and Elliott said: “I’ve stabbed two people”.
He then went either to the bathroom or kitchen.
The court heard earlier in the trial how witness Bradley Pierce described seeing blood-soaked gloves being washed by Elliott and a ‘clunk’ like a knife being dropped in the kitchen sink.
The witness yesterday said he did not see a knife and said he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.27922
Retrieved Text: Fans of J. Mascis’ drumming prowess will find much to like in Sweet Apple, a quartet the Dinosaur Jr. frontman joined a few years back. While Mascis seems content to just man the skins in the group, songwriting is capably handled by members of Cobra Verde, Death Of Samantha, and Witch. The group’s latest record, The Golden Age Of Glitter, came out this spring and features guest contributions from both Mark Lanegan and Guided By Voices’ Robert Pollard, who pops up on both “Under The Liquor Sign” and “Reunion.” Below, The A.V. Club is premiering the Halloween-appropriate video for “Reunion” which was shot at spookily historic sites in both Salem and Amherst, Massachusetts, including the House Of Seven Gables and the cemetery where some people associated with the Salem Witch Trials are buried. Group member John Petkovic, who also shot and directed the clip, says the video’s shoot was a bit of a reunion for the long-distance group itself, considering its members are spread out all over the eastern United States.

================



======= Instance Index 1179 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: People are running on the street. a man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is wearing stilts.

Ending 2: takes a drink out of a water bottle.

Ending 3: jumps into a pile of fire.

Ending 4: takes a high jump in a bar competition.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.583572
Retrieved Text: Mass Pub Brawl Spills Onto One Of Melbourne's Busiest Roads | KIIS 1011 Melbourne.
Mass chaos erupted in Melbourne's Chapel Street on Saturday after a man wielding a cricket bat caused a commotion outside the Bridie O'Reilly Irish pub.
Footage by a stunned motorist captured guests jumping a barrier of the inner south-east pub, and saw more than 10 people involved.
Five men are seen attacking a man following a verbal row, prompting them to punch him multiple times in front of motorists and residents.
More than eight men are then seen spilling onto Chapel Street, hitting each other and running down the road. One young man was knocked to the ground and left injured just metres from moving vehicles.
Several young females were also involved in the brawl before it was broken up by other pedestrians.
Paramedics were called to the scene just after 5pm, treating a woman and man both aged in their 20s.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.160898
Retrieved Text: Police are hunting a man seen running from the scene of an assault in Friar Street.
A 25-year-old man was attacked at around 2am outside the Pitcher and Piano on Thursday, June 19. He fell to the ground and was knocked unconscious.
“A man was seen running away from the location of the incident in the direction of Duke Street.
The victim was taken to Royal Berkshire Hospital for treatment and discharged.
Anyone with any information should call 08458 505 505.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.141397
Retrieved Text: Witnesses have described in court hearing a loud bang and a balaclava-wearing man fleeing the scene after a man was shot in the back of the head with a shotgun.
Mark Walsh, 35, was shot at close range in an alleyway at the back of his home in Maudsley Street, Accrington shortly before 9pm on January 12, a trial has heard.
Kevin King, 30, Donovan Wallace, 26, and Jack Wilding, 20, deny conspiracy to commit murder.
Mr Wallace and Mr Wilding have both pleaded not guilty to attempted murder.
Peter Potts, a resident on Maudsley Street, told the hearing at Preston Crown Court that he was walking back home from a Spar shop when he heard a noise and ‘only a second or two later’ saw a man walk out of an alleyway wearing dark clothes and a balaclava.
He told the jury at Preston Crown Court: “It actually sounded like a cannon when it had gone off.
“It made me jump out of my skin. It actually made me jump.
“I carried on towards the alleyway when a figure came out wearing dark clothes and balaclavad up.
Mr Potts told the court that he then saw Mr Walsh ‘on the floor in the alleyway pushing himself up’ but ‘didn’t think he was hurt’ so carried on home.
He said a resident then asked if he ‘heard a bang’ and when he turned round the ‘shotgun man’ was gone.
A young woman who said she was also walking home down Dowry Street told the jury that she also saw a man running up the street wearing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.014599
Retrieved Text: The Met’s gang squad have released CCTV of the chilling moment a gunman gets out of a Jaguar and opens fire off Essex Road.
Police are appealing for anyone with information about the shooter, or the driver of the car, to get in touch.
No one was hit but two passers-by were injured during the shocking incident on the night of September 21. A 34-year-old woman was taken to hospital with a cut to her hand caused by shattered glass from a shop window and a man, 40, suffered minor injuries.
The car pulled into the Peabody Estate in Greenman Street before the passenger got out and fired several shots at another man in Greenman Street and then again in Essex Road. He then got back in the car, which sped off down Popham Street.
Jamie Goddard, a ticket officer, was standing outside Essex Road station when he heard multiple gun shots, a sound he recognised from his time in the army.
He told the Gazette at the time: “I heard five or six gunshots and there were about 15 people running down the road towards me. Running away from the bullets.
“He just stood in the middle of the road shot like six times so calmly,” they said.
Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting CAD 8010/20 Sept, or tweet @MetCC. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.006258
Retrieved Text: HENDERSON - An 18-year-old man has been hospitalized after being shot early Monday morning on Fagan Street.
Henderson police said that Henderson resident Arpaia Belle was transported to St. Vincent in Evansville for treatment.
The incident occurred around 2 a.m. Monday. HPD officers said they responded to the 300 block of Fagan Street after people reported that a man was knocking on doors telling people he'd been shot, according to a news release issued by Officer Jennifer Richmond, the police department's public information officer.
As officers began the investigation, a woman "came running down the street stating someone had been shot," a news release said. The victim, Belle, was located. He then allegedly told police that while he was walking down Fagan Street, he heard people arguing on Clay Street.
"Belle stated that he heard gunshots and then felt warm on his side," Richmond said. "Belle then realized that he had been shot so he ran to a house to get help. Belle was shot in his left pinkie finger and his right side below his armpit."
Richmond said that Henderson officers canvassed the area, but did not locate anyone. Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to call the Henderson Police Department at 270-831-1295 or Crime Stoppers at 270-831-1111.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.964264
Retrieved Text: A BRAZEN thief has stolen the contents of a till belonging to a Newry city centre charity shop.
The Good Space in Marcus Street, which is operated by the Space charity, was robbed on Wednesday.
It's the second time the charity's shops have been targeted recently. Their 'Love Your Space' shop in Monaghan Street was also robbed.
The Marcus Street shop, which also acts as a training for life centre, opened in March. It offers young people with additional needs a springboard to boost their confidence, self-esteem and employability prospects through their workshops and the production of their bespoke range of candles which are made by the young people themselves.
Outlining what happened, a post on their Facebook page said: “[On Wednesday] a young man entered our shop in Marcus Street - a local charity and workshop that exists to help young people with additional needs learn social and enterprise skills.
“This young man with lovely red hair distracted the staff member and returned to steal the contents of the till.
“The staff member gave chase but our red haired friend met up with another and together they ran off.
“We have been too busy to get the CCTV hooked up,too busy running summer schemes and too busy supporting local children, families and older people to prioritise CCTV - we know we should have done it but we didn’t - our priorities were else where!
The spokesperson outlined the details of the earlier incident in Monaghan Street, saying that a gentleman robbed the shop, “demanding stock from the window display whilst his mate ran

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.943748
Retrieved Text: Good afternoon and welcome to our live coverage of an "incident" in Bourke Street in Melbourne's CBD.
Police have arrested a man after responding to reports of a car fire. A significant amount of smoke can be seen in Melbourne's CBD.
"Police are currently at an incident on Bourke Street in the CBD," Victoria Police said in a statement.
"Police initially responded to a report of a car on fire near the corner of Swanston Street about 4:20pm (AEDT).
"A man was arrested at the scene and has been taken to hospital under police guard in a critical condition.
"Police are not looking for anyone further at this early stage.
"A small number of people are being treated for stab wounds."
One person has been taken to hospital with a neck injury in a suspected critical condition, one with a head injury and a third with unknown injuries.
A caller to ABC Radio Melbourne, Meegan, said she saw the incident from a tram.
She said she saw two policemen trying to subdue a man as a car burned.
"He seemed to be waving something, people around me screamed that he had a knife, but I couldn't see clearly from where I was," she said.
"And then I heard one loud bang. It sounded like a gunshot.
"And someone said they could see someone doing chest compressions on someone as an ambulance started coming up the street."
According to two men who were shopping in the area, they saw a man throw what they thought to be a bomb into his car.
It exploded and they heard a noise. And they

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.6349
Retrieved Text: PETERSBURG, Va. - Police in Petersburg, Virginia, are investigating an attempted robbery and shooting linked to a dating app.
Sources told WTVR that the victim thought he was meeting a woman. However, when he arrived to a dark, narrow Petersburg street Wednesday morning, someone was waiting to rob him.
"What happened at 5 o'clock this morning really scared me and got me still nervous," Jacinta Mitchell said from a Ferndale Avenue front porch.
The Mitchell family was awakened by someone banging on the front door just before 5 a.m.
"It was very, very, very, very shocking and scary," Mitchell said about the man yelling that he had been shot and calling out for help.
Mitchell called 911 and her daughter yelled out the locked front door that police and EMS were on the way.
"I didn't open up my door because I didn't know who it was or what was going on," Mitchell explained.
Sources told WTVR that the victim had been using a dating app and thought he was meeting a woman on Leavenworth Street.
However, he found someone that tried to rob him, sources said. The victim was shot in the buttocks and took off running, eventually turning on Ferndale and running about three blocks before stopping at Mitchell's house.
"No idea who he was," Mitchell said. "Never seen him a day in my life."
Similar circumstances happened in the same neighborhood on May 12, 2017.
In that instance, law enforcement warned the public that robbers were using dating websites and meet-up apps to target their victims.
What often starts with a voluptuous photograph of a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.62401
Retrieved Text: A 33-year-old man was shot dead in Stacey Crescent, Tafelsig, on Sunday March 31, at 10.50pm.
Police said he was allegedly shot in the stomach by three men who covered their faces and started shooting in the street. The motive is possibly gang-related.
A case of murder is being investigated and there have been no arrests.
Police recovered 33 cartridge cases and one projectile on the scene.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the investigating officer, Detective Constable Bevan Kapman, of the Mitchell’s Plain Serious and Violent Crimes Unit at 082 77 8076.
Meanwhile, Mitchell’s Plain police arrested a 30-year-old man after he was caught with 1 016 heroin straws and 20 packets of heroin on Thursday April 4, at 9.30pm.
Police spotted the man running when he saw the police vehicle in Pasteurhof, Woodlands.
A 17-year-old boy was arrested after police found 22 full mandrax tablets and six half mandrax tables in his possession when they searched him in Rigoletto Street, Eastridge, on Thursday April 4, at 4pm.
A 23-year-old man was arrested after he was searched by police in Simonsberg Street, Tafelsig, on Wednesday April 3, at 5pm, and found to be in possession of a .38 special revolver with ammunition.
Police found 474 units of heroin in an ice-cream bowl at a house in Seafire Street, Rocklands, on Wednesday April 3, at 3am, when they searched the premises for drugs. A 20-year-old man was arrested.
Captain Ian Williams said if anyone knows of people who suffer from a drug addiction they can contact the South African National Council on

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.496769
Retrieved Text: "Richmond is so culturally rich"
I met Julie earlier and was talking with her about art and Richmond and photographing people in the street, nice to chat to you, Julie. People are only strangers until you talk to them.
A short walk home punctuated with interesting people you've never met, the man from NZ who is living in Wales (I'm sorry, your name it escapes me!) running into Peter! Always good to see you, and chatting with you, Julie.
"People are only strangers until you talk to them" - Kate.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.429296
Retrieved Text: A grieving man is comforted after talking with investigators at the scene where a 32-year-old man was shot to death on the 500 block of West Cornwall Street in North Philadelphia Thursday night. Photographs for the GunCrisis Reporting Project by Joseph Kaczmarek.
Officials told 6ABC that the 32-year-old father was shot in the head at point-blank range while his young son and daughter watched.
Cops were called to Cornwall Street near Reese around 9:20 p.m. and found the victim lying on the sidewalk bleeding from a single gunshot wound to the head, according to philly.com. They found one .45-caliber shell casing at the scene, but said people in the area told cops they heard two shots.
Police have not made any arrests, according to NBC10. Investigators say witnesses reported seeing two men running from the scene.
Neighbors gather, at left, as investigators assemble at the crime scene on West Cornwall Street, below.
In a separate incident, a 17-year-old was shot in the leg on the 3200 block of B Street at about 10:15 p.m. Thursday night and reported in stable condition at St. Christopher’s Hospital for Children.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.382586
Retrieved Text: The robber, who had entered through a second-story sliding-glass door, fell in the snow as he ran out the front door, dropping a folding knife with a 4-inch blade, according to the report. He had not brandished the knife at any of the victims during the crime, police said.
With a description of the burglar, police and El Dorado County sheriff’s deputies set up a perimeter around the neighborhood. Officers saw a man in dark clothing running away from the victims’ residence, but, as it was still dark, he couldn’t be found immediately.
During the search, officers heard yelling from a nearby street and found someone who had been chasing a man who had just attempted to steal property from his parked vehicle.
Shortly afterward, an officer found and detained a man matching the intruder’s description on a nearby street. Victims of the residential burglary went to the street and identified the detained man as the burglar.
Vega, who lived a few blocks from the victims’ residence, was booked into the El Dorado County jail on suspicion of first-degree residential burglary, a felony.
Police believe there are people who were attempting to rob unlocked cars in the neighborhood at the same time as the residential burglary, according to the report. They are seeking the public’s assistance in locating the additional robbers and missing property.
Items believed to have been taken from parked cars were found in areas near the victims’ residence, but do not belong to them. Investigators are looking for a Mac laptop computer with several stickers on it and a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.37088
Retrieved Text: An entire song made with a few sounds from the Windows OS.
Most of the time when people draw on street signs its pointless vandalism and the streets look worse for it but here are some of the rare bits of vandalism that are neither pointless nor unwelcome. These are welcome on my street any day.
You might no know this but Siri, Apple's new voice artificial intelligence software that helps you find places & remember people's birthdays, is actually a pretty badass rapper, able to lay down rhymes better than the man himself. Biggie Smalls.
Do they realize how nasty this sounds?
A guy goes from total baldness to full-on golden Tarzan look in literally minutes, getting a reverse haircut and beard-cut. A magic pen draws on his facial hair in this awesome stop motion animation.
If you're running dry of interesting scientific facts to annoy people with when you're out having a drink, then check out the latest from AsapSCIENCE.
That monkey is smarter than you are.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.323643
Retrieved Text: A video shows the man being attacked and knocked to the ground by three people.
CHICAGO — A 67-year-old man was punched during an attempted robbery caught on video in Old Town.
The attack happened at 7:47 p.m. Jan. 25: The man was walking in the 400 block of West Eugenie Street when three boys or men in black jackets and black beanies walked up to him, police said.
One of the attackers punched the man in his arm and tried to take off his blue, fur-lined jacket while another attacker tried to take the man’s phone, police said.
The man said he was going to call the police and the attackers ran away, going south on Sedgwick, police said.
A video of the attack shows the man walking and talking on the phone when someone runs up to him from behind. The attacker and the man struggle as two other people walk up.
The man tries to run away but one of the attackers knocks him down into a recycling can. Two of the attackers approach the man, but he kicks and they can be seen running away.
The man refused medical attention, police said.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.317934
Retrieved Text: 11/30/2018 ADA COUNTY – Ada County Sheriff’s detectives are investigating a sexual assault after a woman was brutally attacked by a man early Friday morning in Southwest Ada County.
A little before 6:30 a.m., a woman running on West Brogan Street was attacked from behind by a man. Reports say the man grabbed her around the neck, as she immediately began kicking and fighting to get away from him. According to Ada County Sheriff’s detectives, the woman fell to the ground in the street where the man choked her until she lost consciousness.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.290861
Retrieved Text: Codiac RCMP: “Three men are in hospital and a fourth is being sought by police, after an altercation at a residence in Moncton, N.B.
On January 30, 2019, at about 10:15 p.m., members of the Codiac RCMP responded to a call from a residence on Whitney Avenue. When police arrived, they found three men in the vicinity of Whitney Avenue and Argyle Street who had been injured. A fourth man was seen running from the scene.
The three injured people were transported to hospital, where they remain for treatment.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.242044
Retrieved Text: At about 6:48 PM on Tuesday, June 18, 2013, Officers from district B-2 (Dorchester) responded to a call for a breaking and entering in progress in the area of 16 Lingard Street.
The caller stated that two black males wearing dark clothes exited the vacant building. Witnesses stated the two males were now at the side of the building. Upon arrival officers observed one black male wearing dark clothes running through backyards making his way toward Chamblet Street/Hartford Street. Several people stood outside their homes pointing the direction the male was traveling.
Officers observed a black male with no shirt and dark green sweatpants walking out of the backyard of 28 Hartford Street. Officers escorted the male, identified as the suspect to the street. The officers located the suspect’s black t-shirt and keys on the back porch of 28 Hartford Street.
Witnesses also identified the suspect as the man they saw running through the backyards towards Chamblet Street/Hartford Street. Officers placed the suspect under arrest and transported him to Area B-2 for booking.
Issac Gaskins, 27, of Dorchester, is charged with Breaking and Entering to a Building.
Officers responded to Half Moon Street where the suspect stated his car was parked and recovered the stolen copper.
The Boston Police Department is actively investigating facts and circumstances surrounding this incident. Anyone with information is asked to call District B-2 (Dorchester) detectives at 617-343-4275.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.14118
Retrieved Text: The cooking business is done in towns along the streets where people can buy eating stuff for dealer. There are various things that one should take into consideration before starting to sell the street food. Before starting the cooking business it is good to ensure that it a certified business since some people operate illegally and may have unethical cooking practices that are taken to be offensive.
It is advisable to analyse whether there is a ready market for these services before starting the cooking business. Mobile street food selling can be a service provided near markets and get more info where there are a lot of people who may lack good time for there meals and thus will be more willing to support you. The place to set up the businesses should also be examined since such businesses grow from the customer knowledge of your existence. Before starting a cooking business, it is advisable to plan properly on the kinds of food that you will prepare for sale to customers such as beverages, snacks and as well as commercial vacuum sealer bags.
There are various reasons as to why mobile street food selling is important to the people who carry this activity and following are key reasons as to why a business man may enjoy running such businesses unlike some more. Mobile street food business does not require a lot of capital to be run or manage since one has to buy simple items such as the cooking apparatus. The activities of the street food business are

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.119568
Retrieved Text: Busy woman shopping walking dog. Busy woman carrying gift bags and walking with dog.
Busy woman carrying gift bags and walking with dog.
Set of people. Walking girl and young woman with buggy, old man, running boy with dog, teenager on skate. Characters in various lifestyles. Vector flat illustration isolated on white background.
Skier with equipment. Office worker sitting at the computer. Man walking with dog. Woman with shopping bag.
City public park concept vector illustration. Icecream salesman selling ice cream cones, kids playing ball, woman walking dog, street sweeper with broom. Flat style design.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.11602
Retrieved Text: A WOMAN has been sexually assaulted as she walked along Dunwoody Way in Crewe.
Police say the incident happened around 9pm on Wednesday by the entrance of a building site between the Morrisons supermarket roundabout and the road’s junction with West Street.
The 26-year-old was approached by a man who sexually assaulted her before running off in the direction of Morrisons.
He is described as being white, slim, 6ft tall with short dark hair and wearing a light coloured top and jeans.
Officers are carrying out enquiries in the area and are asking women to be vigilant and for people to report any suspicious activity.
Police are asking anyone in the area who may have seen a woman walking along Richard Moon Street, past Morrisons on the left and on to Dunwoody Way to call 0845 458 0000, quoting incident number 1004 on February 18, 2009.
Detective Sergeant Stuart York is in charge of the case.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.044167
Retrieved Text: The Rev. Gerard Furlan was collecting the donation box from the Our Lady of Fatima Shrine when he was approached by a man asking to talk. Instead of talking, the unidentified man ripped the donation box from the elderly priest's hands and ran from the Summer Street shrine to a waiting van.
The Rev. Gerard Furlan was collecting the donation box from the Our Lady of Fatima Shrine when he was approached by a man asking to talk.
Instead of talking, the unidentified man ripped the donation box from the elderly priest's hands and ran from the Summer Street shrine to a waiting van.
"I tried chasing him, but I couldn't catch him. I was a lot older than he was,'' said Furlan, who is 76. He described the man as about 30.
Now it's the police who are looking for the man who stole the donation box, as well as his accomplices who waited in the van.
Police were called Sunday at 5:58 p.m., about 15 minutes after the robbery.
"He forcibly removed the box from the father's hands and ran away,'' Sgt. Glenn Dalrymple said.
The man jumped into a running van, which was driven by a woman, and had another man in the front seat.
The thief dropped several bills as he ran to van, the sergeant said.
Right before the robbery, a woman who was picnicking on the grounds of the shrine had left food on top of her car. When she turned back, the food was gone and people suspected the people in the van.
Dalrymple said the robbery of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.973711
Retrieved Text: A man walks slowly along the sports field. He is wearing a blue and red shirt. He is carrying a white ball in his hand. He stops, turns then begins to run as fast as he can. He is running towards three pieces of wood. They are set close together, sticking up from the ground to form a target. In front of the target, another man waits. He is holding a wooden bat. This man positions his bat, ready to strike the ball. He concentrates on the man running towards him.
Suddenly, the man with the ball stops running. He turns his arm over in a circle and throws the ball as hard as he can. The ball flies through the air at speed. The man with the bat tries to hit it. But it is too fast for him. The ball strikes the middle piece of wood of the target, behind the batsman's legs. And it falls to the ground. He is out!
The man in the blue and red shirt runs towards other members of his team. They jump up and down to celebrate. They have just won the cricket game! The players turn to shake the hands of the opposite team. On the back of their red and blue shirts is the name of their country: Afghanistan.
In April 2009, the Afghanistan cricket team played in a competition in South Africa. The team's aim was to be one of the four most successful teams in the competition. This would win them the right to play in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.95303
Retrieved Text: It happened to her during a jog on her college campus just after noon local time.
The van's driver had both his hands outstretched, holding a phone sideways, pointed directly at her as he took photos.
Meg Gibson stared the man down and his van sped off the Ohio State University grounds, tires squealing.
"At first I didn't know what to do," the 29-year-old says. "But I thought about Mollie Tibbetts."
On 21 August, 600 miles away, a young man had led police to the body of Mollie Tibbetts, 20, lying in a corn field, days after she too set off on a run.
Later, he would tell police that he "got mad" when she threatened to call 911 for following her, but he "blocked" out what happened between talking to her and finding her dead in the trunk of his car.
"When I saw two female students, I asked to use their phone," Ms Gibson says. "They told me they also had their pictures taken by the same middle-aged men in the van."
When she called the local police department, she says she was told: "What do you want me to do? There's nothing to report."
But when campus police arrived, she says, an officer told her : "You did the right thing."
In the wake of Mollie Tibbetts' death, women across the US have been honouring her with the #MilesforMollie movement – running to show that despite such a horrific loss, the running community will persevere.
This summer's tragedy echoes that of August 2016, when the murders of three female joggers spanned just nine

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.905884
Retrieved Text: SEATTLE — Seattle police are investigating a hit and run crash that happened in the Roosevelt neighbor just after noon Tuesday.
Witnesses say a driver was speeding through the intersection of Northeast 65th Street and 12th Avenue Northeast when he struck an SUV.
Witnesses say the man then got out, grabbed his backpack and ran away.
“A guy in a red shirt ran down the street and then the guy that got hit jumped out and started running down the street after him. He was yelling, ‘Stop that guy, stop that guy,’” witness Matt Bonney said.
Fortunately, witnesses say, two men, bystanders, saw what was happening.
They tackled the guy and held him down on the sidewalk until police arrived.
Roosevelt is a close-knit neighborhood where people watch out for one another.
Matt Bonney is opening a new business at the intersection where the crash happened.
He chose the location, in part, because people don’t just stand by, they get involved.
“I was surprised by the sheer number of people that came out. It was one thing to see the guys tackle that guy but I mean everyone came out from everywhere to see what was going on,” Bonney said.
He’s banged up but will be OK.
The driver who tried to run away was arrested and could face multiple charges.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.89014
Retrieved Text: Good People Doing Good Things | Run Inspired.
I want to take a moment this morning to share a little positivity.
While running down Hillsborough Street this morning, a group of people were crowded around a man lying on the ground in front of NC State’s bellower. My initial thought was they were checking out the fresh mulch, which was obvious by the heavy smell of wood chips. As I got closer, I realized I was very wrong.
There were no less than 10 people around this man, trying to help him. My question then became do I stop and make 11? Or do I keep going because what more can I really do to help? It doesn’t matter. You stop.
Eleven sweaty people crowded around Pablo, who wasn’t communicating. (I’m still not sure how they learned his name was Pablo other than perhaps it was on his shirt.) He was just lying on the ground, not saying anything and barely moving. Nobody had a phone and the only mode of communication was Pablo’s walkie talkie. One man picked it up and started communicating with either Pablo’s supervisor or other coworkers. Another man flagged down the next car that passed by to use his cellphone and call 911. I did not stay beyond this because there really wasn’t anything I could do. But I did run back by on my way home. What did I see? In addition to the EMS, there stood all 10 runners still waiting there by Pablo’s side. People are good.
I share this for two reasons.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.871378
Retrieved Text: For almost a decade, people have been lamenting the death of the action hero. Some blame it on superheroes and others blame it on the questionable overuse of the PG-13 rating. There are even some who think that the demand for YA adaptations is forcing the “traditional” action hero to acknowledge his time has passed. Regardless, I’m here to remind you that the action hero hasn’t vacated, no. Uncharacteristically, he went and got a makeover.
Errol Flynn, Bruce Lee, and Robert Downey, Jr. What do they all have in common? They are all action heroes. In this post-Schwarzenegger world, it is easy to forget that action heroes have long been available in all shapes and sizes. They can be cowboys (John Wayne), cops (Steve McQueen), or superheroes (Scarlett Johannson). It would seem that the only true requirement to being an action star is the ability to make the audience trust that the hero won’t break a sweat when his/her back is up against a wall. When they fail at that, then we have a problem.
It just so happens that I have twenty, steadily working action heroes (and villains) below. Each have made their presence known in various hard-hitting genres over the last 5 years (our cut-off for the modern era). And all of them totally saved the day.
Are you going to tell these folks that they aren’t Action A Go Go Approved?
Street cred: The Resident Evil franchise, The Three Musketeers, .45, Ultraviolet.
Street cred: Clash of the Titans, Wrath of the Titans, Avatar, Terminator: Salvation, Man on a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.806507
Retrieved Text: Man running in the middle of the street. Background shot. Slow motion. Abstract concept of individual success and fame.
Woman running in a city. Slow motion shot.
Sportsman running in the middle of the street. Background shot. Slow motion. Back distant view between tram tracks.
Cheerful teenager couple with paper bags running down the street in winter. Christmas shopping concept. Slow motion.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.800804
Retrieved Text: MADISON, Wis. (WMTV) --- Police Chief Mike Koval confirmed one person was seriously hurt with life threatening injuries and rushed into surgery while another was released from the hospital Sunday morning after a shooting on the 500 block of South Park Street.
In a press conference Sunday, Chief Koval referred to the increase in incidents of gun violence as the most turbulent times in Madison he's experienced in his 33 years on the police force.
Police were called to the parking lot outside La Hacienda Restaurant just after 3 a.m. for multiple reports of shots fired and people running from the area.
When police arrived, they found a 26-year-old man in the parking lot with gunshot wounds. He was taken to the hospital, treated for his injuries, and later released.
Another man, also 26-years-old, showed up at a local hospital with serious gunshot wounds.
Police say they found over a dozen bullet casings in the restaurant's parking lot and on Drake Street, which is adjacent to the lot. They are not sure exactly where each victim was shot.
At this time, police say it is too early to determine whether or not this incident is related to recent shootings in the Madison area.
Police are still investigating, and asking anyone with information to contact Madison Police or Madison Area Crime Stoppers at 608-266-6014.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.74154
Retrieved Text: My younger brother was in London when the Martians fell at Woking. He was a medical student, working for an examination, and he heard nothing of the arrival until Saturday morning. The morning papers on Saturday contained, in addition to a great deal of information about the planet Mars, one very short report.
Even the afternoon papers had nothing to tell apart from the movement of soldiers around the common, and the burning of the woods between Woking and Weybridge. Nothing more of the fighting was known that night, the night of my drive to Leatherhead and back.
My brother was not worried about us, as he knew from the description in the papers chat the cylinder was three kilometres from my house. That night he made up his mind to visit me, in order to see the Things before they were killed. He sent a telegram, which never reached me.
On the Saturday evening, at Waterloo station, he learned that an accident prevented trains from reaching Woking. He could not discover what kind of accident it was. In fact, the people in charge of the railway did not clearly know at that time. There was very little excitement at the station. Few people connected the problem with the Martians.
I have read, in another description of these events, that on Sunday morning ‘all London was panicked by the news from Woking.’ In fact, this is simply not true. Plenty of Londoners did not hear of the Martians until Monday morning. Some did, but they needed time to realize what

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.731522
Retrieved Text: Home › Headlines › We Don't Need Protests. We Need Action.
If you were walking down the street and saw a woman being assaulted, possibly raped, would you intervene in an attempt to protect her? Or you would just watch, snap some photos, and tell everyone about the horrible atrocities which happen. It seems as if society is moving more in the direction of the latter. The problem is we have become so comfortable with protesting that we forgot the goal of protesting is to encourage action.
Lets take a look at this video (NSFW – language). You may have already seen it before. It is a man in a wheelchair being thrown to the ground and suffering bloody injuries to his head.
Context is irrelevant; there is a man, clearly not a physical threat, who was torn from his wheelchair and subjected to severe abuse, which is not acceptable. What’s worse is the people around him sat and watched without budging to offer him any protection. Sure there is the risk of jail, however, you know you did the right thing… rather than allowing an innocent man to be abused by the power-glutted thugs.
I was in downtown Vancouver for the riots, providing first aid to those who needed it (on either side, though since the police were trying to arrest me, they didn’t take my help). While I was pouring water into the eyes of some poor man, who had the unfortunate experience of running into a stream of pepper spray not intended for him, I saw a

================



======= Instance Index 2862 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The men on the field grab their tools. we... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: see the game begin.

Ending 2: see men in a field cutting tall grass as other watch.

Ending 3: see the puck fall to the ground.

Ending 4: see the man throw a javelin.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.948864
Retrieved Text: whitney Casey, Relationship Expert for. . The longer you stay on the job in any capacity whatsoever, the better. Seek out and join outdoor activities groups. Men are more likely to introduce someone theyre interested in to their friends within the first month of dating than women are, regardless of their age group (nearly 50 of men.
Here are my top five rules for senior singles to meet other senior singles. With more than 105 million singles in the United States, or one-third of the population, the singles scene remains a competitive playing field. Invite someone you like in the class to grab a cup of coffee or sit together at lunch. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. However, younger singles are most likely to ignore your calls and send you straight to voicemail. Whether its line, salsa, square, swing, ballroom or folk dancing, its easy to socialize when you get out on the dance floor. Find a style that appeals to you, and give dancing a whirl! Creators of this website and service providers do not take any responsibility for your choice continuing the use of the website. Invite someone you like in the class to grab a cup of coffee or sit together at lunch. This san antonio hookup reddit unprecedented research has found that, while some traditional dating dos and donts still exist, the playing field has definitely changed. Often the mindset of seniors is they need to meet large groups of singles during their college years and in their 30s.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.91952
Retrieved Text: Men are strong, work alone, get the job done and never show weakness. Works great in a Rambo movie but not so much in real life. I find that men spend a lot of time and emotional energy trying to be validated by others. Men can't share their need for validation, that'd make them look weak, so they grab risk free validation or something to numb the ache inside.
Maybe you can't remember the last time you were happy, life's lost its joy and you're along for the ride. A lot of men assume, "being angry and distant is just who I am." That statement is a dirty lie, I help men experience the truth.
Anxious and compulsive thoughts don't have to be your normal. I will help you experience peace and a new calm. You can take back your life, have clarity of thought and stop riding the "what if" thought train that you've been on.
I work exclusively with men, treating a wide range of men's issues. My goal is to give you tools that meet your specific needs. I get great satisfaction from helping men become empowered in areas they used to struggle.
I work with men to understand themselves, gain tools, be authentic and face life's challenges. Contact me to learn more.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.829395
Retrieved Text: I didn't realize until earlier this evening that there have been several gestures of man that is known to psychically protect him. We all have energy fields. Energy fields do not really correlate to the amount of rest / sleep that we get, but in the strength and stability of our aura. This is why we sometimes wake up feeling tired and exhausted; or drained after a day's work or maybe just after talking to somebody.
Energy fields need protection as well, just as much as we protect our physical body through clothing. With experience and recent awareness, I have found that the following acts can and would be able to protect your energy field.
Crossing of legs. Women can conserve their energy infront or amongst other people when they cross legs. No wonder that most do, especially when they are focused into something. Men also do this, especially when they want to concentrate. Preventing the loss from your energy field could make you attune more to what you're currently doing.
Crossing of arms. Though they say its quite rude to do this, especially during interviews, notice that most people usually cross their arms before a sarcastic or bold statement. This actually prepares them for the impact that the other person would make on their energy fields. Its like closing up immediately right before they make an attack.
Interlacing of fingers. This is the best way you can prevent loss of energy field while you're in an interview or a formal talk. When you do this, make sure that the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.48578
Retrieved Text: Top 25 Tfcu Home Branch – Welcome to our Tfcu Home Branch! Grab the newest free Tfcu Home Branch HD images that had been uploaded by Ramon Carleton in the Tfcu Home Branch. A great deal of men and women say they are utterly desperate to find various search outcome on a web site.
Some of them see the exact same photographs as they type subject class in the search field and their time turn out to be a waste. If you are among them, then you are on the roll to browse all of the niche classes on our website. We give you the biggest images collection that is divided into numerous categories and keyword varieties.
The Tfcu Home Branch is among the most seek out items on our internet site. Therefore we deliver to you the latest photos that related to your suggestions. On top of that, we frequently use specific tools to find out the visitor trend which includes Google Trends, Google Console or even Google Keywords. Every instrument will execute the visitor information that comes with numerous keywords and phrases so we can give the most current image that fits your condition.
As the outcome, our collections have a huge chance to be useful for you, particularly for the one looking for the niche category. Apart from that, we usually extract the material contents from credible sources that not only followed by well-liked subjects but also some photos substitute that may possibly give you another idea. Some theme classes may possibly be varied from your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.275331
Retrieved Text: When The Men With Tools was founded, it’s goal wasn’t to cash in on trends in the market or turn around fast profits. It wasn’t to fill a niche or make some easy money. The company’s goal was to continue a tradition from it’s founder that stretched back three generations and fulfilled a lifelong dream.
The Men With Tools is a full-service window and door installation company that is family-owned and operated. The company offers high-quality windows and doors installed by experienced technicians, and boasts an unrivaled lifetime labor warranty that no other contractor can match.
Since being founded, The Men With Tools have installed over 10,000 doors and windows throughout its coverage area, a number that grows each day. It’s a legacy of success that began decades prior.
It’s founder, John Kolbaska got his professional start in the industry in 1995, though in truth he started even earlier. Kolbaska comes from three generations of local craftsmen. His grandfather was a local carpenter. So was his father. By the age of 13, he worked summers alongside his father, helping out with whatever he could. He made $30 a day, but for Kolbaska the pocket money wasn’t the draw. It was the work.
That’s a tradition he hopes to continue. Kolbaska aims to leave behind a strong legacy for his children. His son and two daughters are for the moment too young to be involved in the business, but when the time comes, he hopes he’ll have built something for them that will last.
It’s fitting, then, that a company founded on

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.201277
Retrieved Text: Warmup: Run around the field, 10 IC Good Mornings, Windmills, Cotton Pickers, Merkins, and 15 IC Arm circles to include flapjack.
Salmon Ladder up: increments of 2 Diamond Merkins per level, all flat travel done with walking lunges; pickup 6 once done.
Salmon Ladder down: Starting at 16, down by 2 on each level: Sumo Squats; all flat travel, reverse lunges; pickup 6.
Head to track. YHC started with the idea 5-10-15-20 repititions of Jillian Michaels at each corner, but after corner 2, switched to 5-10-10-5.
One more time with Carolina Dry Docks, but we stuck with the count 5-10-15-20.
Headed back to the field to do Abs in the reverse order of the corners we did at the beginning: 20 LBCs, 10 World War IIIs, 20 American Hammers, and YHC forgot what the fourth corner was.
Spotlight loves running backwards, so we ran the corners backwards at the end as well.
On the second round of AMRAP burpees, Salsa found it appropriate to pace the speed… which allowed YHC to keep up.
Spam did not let me run slow on the laps around the track. Grrrr. Love you man.
Brady helped count cadence during warmup.
Glad to have you back Worthington!!! Thanks for the good words from the Star Course. Encouraging.
I always get better hanging out with Goats and Hurley. Great attitude and hard workers! Get at it men.
Great location Hollywood. Thanks for being an awesome Site Q. I’m working on some men to help build it up…the long, slow EH.
YHC provided WoW: attention management. Don’t let electronics grab your attention. Set time aside to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.161095
Retrieved Text: A subsidiary of CONO Integrated Service Limited. We are the software testing company with deep Software experience in Software Testing Life-cycle in functional and Non- functional Testing. We test, the testers.
Through manual testing we ensure that the Application Under Test (AUT) is error free and it is working in conformance to the specified functional requirements. Our test cases designed during the testing phase have 100% test coverage, ensuring that reported defects are fixed by developers and re-testing has been performed by testers on the fixed defects.
Automated testing is used for regression - to provide some level of assurance that previously working software has not been broken by new changes, regardless of whether the automation is in the form of unit tests or GUI end-to-end automation.
The success of applications’ relies heavily on issues as risk compounds with external reuse due to the mission critical aspect of the corresponding business transactions. A down time can cost significant losses in revenue as well put the company’s reputation in jeopardy. This is where performance testing of the application becomes very critical.
has been closely monitored and promoted by monetary authorities in all countries.
Quality should be ensured from API’s performance perspective. Information related to API request, response time of server & resource utilization of server for a given number of virtue.
Think of Docker Container as your pre-configured, ready to use, super-fast, clone-able application runtime environment. Docker is really powerful, especially for testing and providing the platform for collaboration between developers and testers real-time by Sharing, Replication and Compartmentalization. We pride ourselves with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.836773
Retrieved Text: Nursing in the U.S. is historically a female-dominated field. While a growing number of men have been making the decision to become a nurse, a slight stigma about men in nursing still, unfortunately, persists.
At Ameritech, we believe that nursing is a field open to all and that more men should feel encouraged to join the profession. Here are five reasons why deciding to become a nurse is a great move for guys.
1. Nursing is an in-demand career.
Nursing is a growing industry. According to the most recent forecasts from the Bureau of Labor Statistics nursing is set to grow by 16 percent between 2014 and 2024. Job prospects and outlook for pay are both promising.
According to the BLS, the national median wages for RNs is $67,490 annually, with many nurses making more than that. Men who become RNs can rest assured that they’re joining a dynamic profession on the upswing. Nursing isn’t settling; it’s striving.
2. Men have always been nurses.
You might think that men in nursing is a new trend, but there’s a rich world history of men as nurses.
In ancient Rome, front-line caregivers known as “nosocomi” were often male. In more recent history, male battlefield nurses in the American Civil War outnumbered female ones. The founder of the International Red Cross and Nobel laureate, Jean Henry Dunant, worked as a nurse in his early life, though many online biographies of Dunant characterize his nursing as “aide work” or “medical assistance.” But, the fact remains that there’s a long history of men providing care that we now

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.810354
Retrieved Text: CF Pro Tools Library Now!
20 of the most popular ClickFunnels add-ons!
** plus all the new free add-ons added regularly!
YES! I Want Free Access Now!
"If You Are Using ClickFunnels, Then You Absolutely Need To Use CF Pro Tools."
"Before we started using CF Pro Tools our average order value was just $15. After adding several of Jaime’s scripts we increased our AOV to an incredible $55! If you are using ClickFunnels then you absolutely need to use CF Pro Tools."
CF Best Seller Highlight - adds a "highlight" box around whichever product you choose on your order form to label it as "Best Seller" or "Best Value".
CF State Selector - turns your State/Province field on your order form into a dropdown field of the US States. Perfect for physical product fulfillment where data entry is a problem.
CF FB Total Track - fires the Facebook Purchase standard event on your order confirmation page with the actual order total value calculated based on what was purchased throughout the entire funnel. Great tool for improving FB's optimization for conversions.
CF International Shipping - this is the add-on that Russell Brunson and Dean Graziosi are using on their killer free+shipping book funnels to help cover the extra cost of shipping their books internationally. You can charge more for shipping for non-domestic orders.
CF Promo Code Pro - this is the supercharged version of the one and only promo code script for ClickFunnels. This new one works with multiple products, multiple codes, track the code to the contact, multiple discount levels, and a super slick interface.
CF

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.62418
Retrieved Text: Specialized kits for specialized tasks. In addition to universal cleaning kits, Browning has excellent kids specifically for your rifle, shotgun, or pistol. These kits are self-contained with task-specific tools for cleaning specific types of firearms. Avoid disorganization and searching through a larger set of tools - get separate kits that you can easily grab for use at your workbench or pack away for use at hunting camp or in the field.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.49815
Retrieved Text: One of my friends found an interesting solution by capturing the enemy's refinery with the harvester inside. He then used the tough harvester to grab the detonator without being easily destroyed.
After a few initial failures, have figured out how to win it. Of these missions, mission 6 has been the hardest so far (I finished it with just one remaining unit who almost died because I had to force him across the Tiberium field to reach the helicopter).
It took several tries, but I managed to cross the bridge and arrive at the northeast corner of the map with most of my units (leaving the Engineers back in the southeast corner).
I now took this surviving group and walked them along the ridge at the top of the map to the northwest corner, and then south. I then opened fire on the GDI buildings with the Bazooka men. This cause the AI to send its men out of the base and up along the way I came in. As his men came in, I ran my tanks up and down squishing them. This was far more effective than trying to take them out with gun and tank fire.
Eventually you'll bleed off most of his men and you can move your group back around to the base entrance. Use the tanks to take out the towers (and place a man where they used to stand or the AI will usually replace them). You'll now have to clean up any residual units in the base and can also bring up

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.469477
Retrieved Text: Detectives investigating a shocking daylight raid on a Clifton jewellery store have renewed their hunt almost a year after the crime.
Officers involved in the case appeared on the BBC&apos;s Crimewatch Roadshow programme on Tuesday, June 12, to ask the public for help in catching the four men who fled the scene on motorbikes.
The smash-and-grab raid happened at around 1pm on Monday, June 26, last year when four men on two motorcycles used axes and sledgehammers to smash the windows before making away with the loot.
Jewellery worth hundreds of thousands of pounds was stolen during the armed robbery at Grey-Harris and Co jewellers in Princess Victoria Street.
Designer at the store Sophie Bentley, who has worked there for 10 years said: "I&apos;ve never personally experienced anything like that before. It was a bit shocking and you do think about it. I suppose you&apos;re more wary of people.
"It&apos;s not a nice thing to go through."
Officers appeared on the BBC crime show on Tuesday and revealed that a year on, the four men have still not been caught after the got away with £400,000 worth of jewellery.
The show included a reconstruction of the incident as well as actual footage taken by members of the public on the scene.
Detectives urged the public to come forward with information so these robbers can be bought to justice.
The officer in charge of the case, Detective Inspector Tom Herbert said on the show: "There are four offenders, they appeared very well prepared and they came with weapons and tools.
"They approached the area on high-powered motorbikes,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.444098
Retrieved Text: When it comes to other sciences, women don’t have a strong showing either. A report from the L’Oreal Foundation in 2014 analyzed data from fourteen countries and determined that women are three times less likely than men to become scientists; just 32 percent of science degrees are attained by woman, dropping to 30 percent for masters and to 25 percent for doctorates. Yet the private sector benefits from new female college graduates in the lower levels of corporate hierarchy who begin their careers in a scientific field. And the motivation of those young women may be unique. According to Harvard Business Review’s Athena Factor survey, nearly ninety percent of women in science love their work. Two thirds of these women chose their fields because they wanted to contribute to society’s well-being. I recently listened to a panel of thirty- three female college-level students present the reasons why they chose a particular field of study, and more than ninety percent of them used phrases such as give back, take care of, and improve lives. Again, the nurturing trait of females shows up as an influencer in choosing a field.
What is incredibly ironic about not having women in these fields is that technology is on the forefront of EVERYTHING! All that is new in the world is based on our ability to develop new processes and tools to do things humans cannot. Technology is used to research, to learn, to design, to build, to manufacture, to distribute, to cure, and to communicate, and to do it all faster

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.42802
Retrieved Text: customer service, creating value for our clients, and caring for our people, our community and the environment.
Want to Apply for a Job with Securiguard?
Whether you’re looking to start a new career in security services or you’re a seasoned security professional, we invite you to explore a future with Securiguard. Our men and women in the field are the true ambassadors of our company who demonstrate our values: Respect, Empathy, Accountability, Courtesy and Honesty. We equip them with the tools and technology they need to do their best work, and inspire them with coaching and support from our proven leadership team.
At Securiguard, our vision is to make our customers feel safe. We focus on providing value to each client by asking meaningful questions and listening carefully, developing a long-term relationship and then delivering on what we say we’re going to do. It’s how we make a difference: the Securiguard Way.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.327633
Retrieved Text: Online local business directories have significant value and they dominate local search results. Because search engines like Bing and Google now return a user’s search results with local listings (based on the location of the searcher). Search engines rank the businesses they know more about in their top listings. Because their aim is to deliver a good user experience, and to do that, their bots are constantly crawling for new sources of business information on the Web to verify your data. Search engines grab data from local business listings from Yellow Pages, Yelp, Foursquare, Facebook, 411, and EZlocal.
Local business listings enables you to be in the same level playing field as your big business competitors. This is why business especially big businesses invest heavily on online marketing and have an active social media presence. There are many services and tools in the market that can help you manage your business listings for your business online. The most important questions before you dive in is that you need to think about is what is your strategy? Who do I want to reach? What are the top online directories that I need to list my business on? Your strategy may end up being not having a an active social presence at all, but not listing your business online will hurt you.
Managing your business listings online also falls into the reputation management field. Negative reviews about your business on the internet will hurt you on the local listing directories and in the social media networks. It will drive away

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.30529
Retrieved Text: Philip Gerard’s new book is The Art of Creative Research: A Field Guide for Writers (University of Chicago Press, 2017). He teaches in the Department of Creative Writing at the University of North Carolina Wilmington and is the author of four novels, six other books of nonfiction, numerous essays, short stories, public radio commentaries, and documentary television scripts.
Recently I spent the better part of two weekends hanging out with a fellow named Dennis Harper whose lifelong avocation has been history—specifically, walking the ground of the battlefield at Wyse Fork and collecting artifacts. Wyse Fork, near Kinston, North Carolina, was the site of a fierce battle very late in the Civil War. Confederates there fought to keep the US Army forces from New Bern from joining up with Gen. William T. Sherman’s sixty-thousand-man juggernaut sweeping north from South Carolina.
Just as at Gettysburg, the last day of battle finished with a brave but doomed uphill frontal assault by Confederates on massed Union troops dug in behind a wall, this one made of pine logs and earth—with appalling casualties. Twenty-one cannons poured canister shot—giant shotgun shells full of shrapnel—on them at point-blank range, killing or wounding more than a third.
Harper, who leads guided tours dressed in the authentic uniform of a Confederate colonel, literally grew up on the battlefield. As a boy he began finding some of the more than ten thousand artifacts he would eventually collect and catalogue, many on display at the local visitors’ center: musket balls, belt buckles, buttons, coffee cups, rifles, bayonets, gold fountain pen

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.281702
Retrieved Text: CBMA builds nurturing, resourceful communities that improve life outcomes for Black men and boys.
We work with grassroots leaders and organizations to build measurable programs that give Black males the tools, resources, and support they need to excel in high school and beyond. City by city, we support ambitious individuals, invest in ground-breaking ideas, and tell important stories, inspiring stories.
We are no longer waiting for the change we’re seeking.
We are defining and building the future we want for ourselves today, where our brothers and sons are seen for the limitless assets they are. We are building a beloved community, where everyone comes together in solidarity to give Black men and boys and their families a fair and fighting chance to achieve excellence, thrive, and contribute to the wealth of our nation.
Your contribution will help CBMA amplify and catalyze Black Male Achievement around the country.
Provides CBMA the opportunity to continue field-building for Black Male Achievement.
Helps transform narratives and how Black males are portrayed in the media.
Supports leadership development and coaching sessions for CBMA Fellows.
Contributes towards professional development on culturally-relevant pedagogy for educators, school districts and institutions.
Supports transformational leadership training for Black Male Achievement leaders nationwide.
Helps provide health and healing experiential learning opportunities for young leaders.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.230864
Retrieved Text: Here’s something I’ve been hearing for a few years now… “The playing field has leveled due to social media marketing; I have more access to my customers.” Let’s break that down and find out if it’s true.
Customers Aren’t Transactions. They’re People.
Smaller brands getting tech savvy.
And why shouldn’t they be? Marketing technology — from email to mobile to social — allows smaller brands to go up against the big boys without breaking the bank. It may not level the playing field (let’s face it, the big boys can spend more on these same tools and strategies) but it sure does make it quicker and easier to grab a foothold with your audience. And why shouldn’t they be?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.219011
Retrieved Text: Well, well, well. That was an interesting and exciting draft. We landed both a burner at WR and a future QB – both in the first round! And over 80 people showed up to watch and have a good time.
The Bills traded up and sent their second round pick, fifth round pick, and next year’s number one pick to Dallas to grab Losman.
I’m not one to critique a draft without seeing they men on the field… That just makes me itch more in anticipation for the upcoming training camp and season!
Drew Bledsoe demonstrated his commitment to the team by restructuring his contract. He took a pay cut so the Bills can make more roster moves and to eliminate any distractions during the season. He also expressed his willingness to serve as mentor to Losman. I think Bledsoe will get back to early 2002 form. I think the offensive minded coaches, and the addition of a deep threat, will make us forget about last season’s woes.
Anyone else curious to see McGahee in action? There hasn’t been too much noise about him. I like Henry and all, but I want to see Willis in action too!
Previous PostDraft Party Pictures from April 24, 2004Next PostBuffalo Philharmonic in NYC!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.18167
Retrieved Text: We are a 501(c)3 non-profit located at the beautiful Tuscan-themed Sunset View Farm in Andover Twp, New Jersey, offering a Community Supported Garden which includes an Accessible Garden, Onsite Learning Center and unique educational programs. Located on 20 acres of Sussex County farmland, Sunset Vista is known for its breathtaking views of nature, beautiful gardens, and self-contained nature classroom. We support and endorse organic practices.
OUR MISSION: Sunset Vista provides small scale organic agriculture and self-sufficiency instruction to individuals and groups to deepen their understanding of food, its source and its relationship to health, while preserving the environment, to inspire others to recreate those principles in their own homes and community environments.
We now serve over 1000 children per year through field trips to our Nature Explore Outdoor Classroom. One of our field trips consisted of over 300 inner city school children in one day!
We were fortunate this year to have an Eagle Scout enhance our Wooded Nature ID Trail. He improved the trails and the signs. Three young men from the area improved the sitting area in the wooded trail, where the children gather to discuss what they have seen and learned.
This year we are adding a gardening area for adults and children with limited mobility. They will have the opportunity to use adaptive tools to garden in raised beds that accommodate wheelchairs.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.157875
Retrieved Text: Edited pictures are now very popular in media to grab attention.
Thanks to Photoshop and other photo editing tools, I can now get rid of all the irritating elements from my pictures before making them public. Researching the world of photo editing, however, I discovered that photo editing has been an important part of graphic art even before the very first version of Photoshop was created.
As early as 1800, artists have been making drawings and paintings that showcased their imaginations the unusual, including the drawing of a man juggling with his head. These unnatural drawings certainly played a major role leading up to the development of photo editing tools. The difference between then and now is certainly not in the quality of the product, but the means to achieving the goal.
Back in the day, photo editing was strictly reserved for artists; that story has changed. Anyone with access to photo editing tools can become a professional, either by simply viewing tutorials available online or taking online courses. The imagination of our earlier artists is baffling, because of the lack of tools available to them and the amount they did with what they had. Editing then consisted of using shades to add depth to their work; since picture editing has become so popular that it is now a part of social media, we have stopped appreciating how far we have come in this art.
Shortly after the first photo editing software was developed, dozens of others followed. Some offer basic color filter options while others feature more advanced tools.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.063946
Retrieved Text: BHSeos Forum is a fresh, new forum community where other fellow blackhat marketers can integrate their ideas with new custom programs built exclusively for the members. This is is a community where you can learn the newest methods and techniques to get ahead in affiliate marketing, local SEO consultant businesses, or promoting your own businesses. We focus on new and exciting custom tools built exclusively for our members – but that’s not all.. You can talk and discuss various ways of competing in tough markets online, or how to use complex tools effectively… BHSeos.com focuses on the technical aspects of SEO. We have discussions on advanced marketing strategies, and using blackhat scripts to manipulate search engine results, to outrank your competition, to get your sites indexed, to get high page rank links pointing to your sites. Struggling to properly use Xrumer, Scrapebox, Senuke, Sick Submitter, Serpassist? Having problems getting your comment spam to stick? We have specific methods, tricks, and tutorials involving the most complex programs in our industry.
We build our own custom tools and offer to our members exclusively. We have a proxy scraper, a referrer spammer, keyword generator, competition analysis, serp scraper, facebook friend adder, and a NEW exclusive backlinking tool that harvests AND spams various frameworks (currently: Laconica/StatusNet, EasyPhpGuestbook and DrbGuestbook, but many more are coming!) which are plugins so the tool will get new plugins all the time, plus you can even create your own plugins.. And that’s just after a week of launching. MANY more tools are on their way. We

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.038677
Retrieved Text: We are heavily involved with nonprofits, grass roots and community-based organizations that continue to shine a spotlight on the innovations and innovators that are advancing evidence-based models that lead to measurable, tangible results for our most vulnerable youth.
We tell stories, share results, and provide tools and resources to help communities understand discrepancies, benchmark results, and track progress.
We are the catalyst for promoting, elevating and praising organizations for doing great work in the field of black male achievement.
We connect those that need additional information for programs and services to the areas for long term support.
Based on the National MBK Alliance model, we have also implemented the six milestones while tailoring them to fit the needs of our community based on direct meetings and gatherings that have been influential in our process.
To ensure that all our young men have the opportunities they need to reach their full potential, MBK Durham is grounded in the idea that we must adopt approaches that empower all our children with the tools to succeed as they move through key life stages. Research and experience have identified key milestones on the path to adulthood that are especially predictive of later success, and where interventions can have the greatest impact. At each of these markers, we see some children start to fall behind. Although the factors that influence success at each stage are complex and interdependent, by focusing on these milestones, doing what works and removing or avoiding roadblocks that hinder progress, we can provide young people the opportunity and the tools to get

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.014153
Retrieved Text: codes, sales, deals, as well as the most useful promotion information. It has the most active integrated supply chain of products in the world. 100 Success GET deal 299 Used Today 45 OFF deal 45 off with ITead Bluetooth Zigbee Items Sale: Up to 45 Off 100 Success GET deal 169 Used Today 11 OFF deal Get up to 11 off Grab this deal and get 11 Off Sonoff. Upcoming Holiday Sale Back shari berries coupon free shipping to School. 100 Success GET deal 233 Used Today 15 OFF deal 15 off with ITead itead has more in store for you this season.
Get Deal.60 for USB Female Type-B Port 4-Pin Right Angle PCB DIP Jack Socket Grab the fantastic itead offer before it&apos;s gone. It never hurts to try a few promo codes. Customer satisfaction cannot be compromised by us as their team is always ready to serve you. Get Deal Arduino Starter Kits Items As Low.90 Discounts will apply automatically on the landing page of itead.
Get Deal, arduino Items Sale: Up to 86 Off. As you can see, this field is good for promotional codes, gift cards, and discount cards and. Look for the blue "site-wide" label for site-wide promo codes. Prototyping, tools Equipment, electronic Components, wireless. Get Deal DHL Express Shipping for.84 Be budget coupon code presents at home savvy and use the great deal we offer for. Get Coupon, itead Discount Code and Coupon July 2018. 100 Success GET code 84 Used Today 1 OFF deal 1 off to your 1st order Raspberry

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.001669
Retrieved Text: This week, we’re joined by a special guest: freelance war correspondent Kenneth Rosen. Ken is working on a series of stories for WIRED about the reconstruction efforts in Syria. The first of Ken’s stories, “The Body Pullers of Syria,” was published on WIRED earlier this week. We talk to Ken about how he does his job, the tools he uses to report the stories of the men and women rebuilding the war-torn cities, and the methods he uses to stay safe in the field.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.986433
Retrieved Text: You and your child will marvel at these beautiful illustrations of common wildflowers and garden flowers of North America that we all should be able to identify. They are the kind of learning tools for teaching and reviewing that you want to look at over and over! The set includes 74 (5½" x 8½") full-color cards.
The 4 concept cards identify the parts of a flower and monocots, dicots, and composites. The flower parts card identifies each part and its function on one side of the card; the other side is unlabeled for review. The monocots, dicots, and composites cards list the characteristics and representative flowers (including the flower flashcard number) on one side of the card. The opposite side illustrates the characteristics. Teach your child God’s marvelous design for flowers!
The 70 identification cards feature a full-color picture of the flower on one side of the card. The opposite side gives the flower’s name, an illustration that includes the scientific name, and helpful information for identifying the flower along with interesting facts. Open your child’s eyes to the natural beauty that surrounds us.
The accompanying 16-page booklet includes teaching instructions and helpful listings, such as categorizing the flowers by flower families or by their flowering seasons. You can quickly grab just the cards you need for flowers that may be blooming when you go on a field study.
Use the cards to improve your child’s observation skills and give him a deeper appreciation of God’s care and design in His creation. Display these colorful cards on bulletin boards or

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.934217
Retrieved Text: » Do single men really not go?
Do single men really not go?
A recent blog on the Crossworld website prompts me to comment on the issue of there being so few single men on the mission field.
It is of course not a new phenomenon in missions but its significance, as the author points out, is that it becomes hard to mentor men for maturity. It can also lead to a church full of faithful women, which does not seem attractive to male unbelievers because it does not model an image of strong masculinity despite its focus on a male saviour. So let’s consider some potential causes.
1) Statistics: There are generally fewer men in the church, so fewer are available to go, whether single or married. In many UK churches the single women outnumber single men 4:1, so there are bound to be fewer single men going. Those single men who do go to the mission field are outnumbered even more, frequently by 8 or 9 to 1. This increases opportunities for them to marry, so many do not stay single very long. Thus the problem is perpetuated.
2) Ministry fulfilment: do men have more opportunities for ministry on the home side? Although the percentage is steadily increasing, women still only make up about 1/3 of Anglican clergy in the UK. In October 2015 Christianity Today reported that around 10% of US churches have women in the sole or senior leadership role (though twice that percentage attend seminary). Some traditions do not have any formal role for women in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.927036
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Ditch the Label, the international anti-bullying organization. We believe in a world that is fair, equal and free from all types of bullying. Are you with us?
Whether you're being bullied or got something else on your mind, we're here.
Get advice and support from our trained mentors and other people like you now.
Grab some of our official merchandise and we'll use the profits to combat bullying.
Each week, thousands of young people aged 12-25 benefit from our digital online support programs through our website and partnerships with online games and social networks. We operate the largest bullying support community in the world and have thousands of support guides and resources freely available.
We regularly produce groundbreaking research to help us better understand the dynamics, root causes and nature of bullying, to help us innovate in finding the solutions. Our studies range from surveys of over 10,000 young people to the analysis of 19-million online conversations. Download our reports here.
Our vision is of a world that is truly fair, equal and free from all types of bullying. We collaborate with key stakeholders and partners to launch global campaigns to challenge how society thinks and behaves. Our campaigns have gone on to reach over 160 million people, generating real and measurable social change. View our recent campaigns.
Our community is made up of people who understand how damaging bullying can affect one’s life, many of them have been there themselves. If you have something to ask, post it here. Or reply to a question with what you know. Together we

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.849913
Retrieved Text: Do you feel lost as a man?
· Do you feel alone in your problems?
· Are you unsure about what it means to be a man?
· Are you struggling with being too rigid or passive as a man?
· Do you fear going for what you want in life?
If you are a man living in today’s society, it can be very confusing as to what it means to embody mature masculinity. Due to the lack of strong role models, men often feel adrift as to how to lead their lives from a place of power, caring and sure direction. Author Robert Bly and other thought leaders in men's psychology have shed tremendous light on the struggles men face in modern society and how to overcome them. I have studied intensively with groups of men involved in this work, including Bly himself, on what the challenges are to our lives as men and how to face them with courage and responsibility.
I fell numb as man. Why is that?
I have a hard time asserting myself as a man. Why is that?
Some men have recognized the problems inherent in the old model of masculinity and gone in the complete opposite direction. These men are what Robert Bly, author of the seminal book on men’s work—Iron John, calls, “soft men.” Soft men have taken the pursuit of their feminine side to an extreme. These men are often sensitive to others, attuned to the needs of those around them, empathetic, and overly giving. However these “soft men” often lack vitality, vigorousness, intensity, and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.832945
Retrieved Text: Summer Clearance Sale 2018 by Junaid Jamshed and Alkaram: A Chance to grab upto 50% Discount on entire stock.
Junaid Jamshed and Alkaram Bring Summer Clearance Sale 2018 With Upto 50% Discount. Summer Clearance Sale 2018 by Junaid Jamshed and Alkaram: A Chance to grab upto 50% Discount on entire stock. There is a good news once again for lovers of the Junaid Jamshed and Alkaram clothing brands. Junaid Jamshed J. is come up with the summer sale 2018 and started offering up to 50% discount on the entire stock.
Junaid Jamshed summer clearance sale 2018 is here with upto 50% off on all stock including women wear, men wear, kid’s wear, clothing, accessories, fragrances, makeup items and also on footwear for both men and women.
Women can get from 15% to 20% discount on the unstitched J. women wear collection.
On the other hand the discount for men wear dress and accessories starts from 15% and goes up to 50%.
You can grab the 15% discount on J. fragrances and 25% discount on J. cosmetics.
There is upto 50% discount on J. footwear for both men and women.
Junaid Jamshed summer clearance sale 2018 is now live at the J. online store and outlets from 11th October to 28th October 2018.
Customers can get the free delivery of their order on above Rs. 1500 purchase.
Alkaram is also offering the summer clearance sale 2018 on entire stock with up to 50% discount. So don’t miss out the chance and grab the Alkaram summer clearance sale 2018 to get the 50% discount on your favorite

================



======= Instance Index 658 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The scene is the earth and space. there... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is a green vehicle that says go green on it.

Ending 2: are balloons attached to poles.

Ending 3: are many plant life ending lungs needed to breathe, like a of green reeds.

Ending 4: are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.514675
Retrieved Text: This fatality fire burned over a range of hills to the NW of San Jacinto in California. Linescans flown while it was traversing that range clearly show lee-slope fire channelling affecting the fires spread.
Google Earth view to NNE towards origin of fire. Note the marked step in the flank in the lee of the spurline running towards the lower right.
Google Earth view of the first scene with two linescans superimposed to highlight the lateral spread of the fire where it is affected by channelling. Note in the lower left quadrant of the scene there are two distinct flaming zones, but that the second is displaced to the SE, while the fire winds are blowing to the SW.
Google Earth view to WSW showing deep flaming occuring in a lee-slope fire channelling driven breakaway. The first scene is visible in the far distance.
This material is derived from FireMapper multiband linescans flown by Space Instruments Inc for USDA Forest Service, Pacific Southwest Research Station. See their Esperanza Fire web page.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.040894
Retrieved Text: What if "The Village" were real?
Now that Trek has turned 40; will it finally move out of it's parent's basement?
What did Trekkies do before Star Trek?
Whew! I'm glad .... is not real!
To the Earth the huge comet moves!
Sounds of the Space Age!!!
What is this short story?
Is there a prejudice or stigma against Star Trek?
Saberhagen's C+ Cannon, So What is The Impact Energy?
Question for fiction writer's: How does one make realistic sounding dialogue?
Should there be a limit to how much classic tv episodes are re-touched?
Space 1999 - What about Earth?
Will there ever be a unified Earth government?
Has a sequel for The Shining ever been considered?
Star Hunter - was anyone a fan?
A scene from "Red Mars"
Dr. Phil Plait - Superhero?
Alien warnings from a credible source!
C2C ought to be interesting tonight.
Was cancelling Enterprise a mistake?
Vivendi wants to remake John Carpenter's "The Thing"
Did anyone actually like 'Andromeda'?
New Spielberg project - "Interstellar"
Any EVE Online players around here?
What if another reality began to assimilate ours?
BSG: Who do you think the final 5 Cylons might be?
Sky TV's version of "The Hogfather"
Neat little feature in a video game console.
Books on doing real Astronomy.
What DVDs do you own but have never watched?
How about Worst space movie?
did they get this right on SG1?
The way they reported "The Comet"
Sunshine - Now THIS movie will have bad physics!
Opinions on Star Wars Book recommendation.
What if the Soviets had got there first?
I have read in newspaper :china fuse its old satelite!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.918522
Retrieved Text: Here’s the latest progress.I was bit stuck with that corridor animation scene, so I took off a bit, and started to model outside view of the space station. I also wrote small back story that may appear in animation as narration.
It was 217 years later of Hermann Weyls wormhole theory when humankind finally achieved first practical wormhole travel engine. Only a two years ago United Nations of America had founded space program to engineer a space station able to travel by bridges of space-time, so called wormholes.
During these years whole earth concentrated it’s economy and resources to build these two sister ships, United Nations Space Station Umbra and Antumbra. They were meant to start the next level of space age, interstellar human inhabitation.
First of stations, Umbra, was launched on Thursday, 28th of August 2138. It had crew of 42 person. As it’s quantum drive started to gather critical mass, Umbra disappeared, and was not heard ever after. Umbras sister, Antumbra, was never launched.
Broken space station can be seen in front of nebula. It’s quantum drive ring has been broken, and station spins slowly without seeming life. Camera then cut’s inside the dead station.
This gave me better idea where to go with animation. Now I had milieu where to put this station and also got name for it. Henceforth this station shall be named UNSS Umbra. Please say if this sounds silly or too cliché, while I can still change details. I can’t make myself to stop putting small easter eggs and notations of other sci-fi movies

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.858425
Retrieved Text: Yes when I saw Trafalaxy I thought exactly the same.
And a few days later, when reading all CR@W rules properly, I realized that already many maps were common to CR@W and StarWars Contest (mostly because they both have a space thema!).
Trafalaxy has been done ESPECIALLY for CR@W. I'm fine with it.
Is there some way to check on my teammates' game now that I am "dead" and playing in spirit (Obi Wan) only? At least to get the game number?
bobbythomson wrote: Is there some way to check on my teammates' game now that I am "dead" and playing in spirit (Obi Wan) only? At least to get the game number?
Game numbers are not in my google sheet indeed.
But there is only one game so throught the game finder it shouldn't be too hard.
You can type one of their name + triple + active and I'm sure you don't have many answers. Once it'll be created of course.
Thanks - this is a very helpful answer.
nikola_milicki wrote: I might have a team, be back soon to confirm.
SCENE 1 is now over!
The Death Star team has defeated the Kabos on Earth.
With this new Kabos technology, Stephen Hawkings-Einstein, a brilliant theoretical physicist from Earth, has invented a time warp cloning machine he calls the "Temporal Doppleganger" to aid the Federation's victory.
The Death Star team entered this "Temporal Doppleganger". In the next scene two versions of the winning team will play - one that plays as normal and the second (the Doppleganger) which warps forward in time to play the finale of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.760574
Retrieved Text: Lightyear.fm is an amazing demonstration of the speed that radio waves travel in space. By taking you on a virtual journey into space Lightyear.fm also shows you how far your favorite songs have traveled out into the Universe.
Once you lift-off and begin your spaceflight away from Earth your wireless radio receiver begins to pick up the latest music being broadcast from your home planet The only problem is that the further you travel from Earth the older the music you have to listen to. Unfortunately those radio waves take a little time to reach you - so the further you travel from Earth the older the tunes.
The application was created with WebGL and is inspired by the opening scene in the movie Contact.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.750387
Retrieved Text: A gigantic space explosion sends two strange meteors crashing to Earth. The call goes out and Mega Man speeds to the site. There he sees his arch-rival, Dr. Wiley, fleeing the scene, clutching one of the mysterious metallic meteors. Now Mega Man must uncover the secret of the second meteor in a race to stay one step ahead of Dr. Wiley and his new deadly breed of super-powered robots.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.643671
Retrieved Text: #46633445 - Isolated industrial PLC modules place on process control diagram..
#69632121 - Astronaut in space over the planet Earth.
#63879548 - Photovoltaics solar panels module in shopping trolley cart isolated..
#65815900 - photovoltaics solar panels and wind turbines generating electricity..
#34363620 - Space Shuttle Orbiting Earth. Realistic 3D Scene.
#76362208 - Student girl in electronics laboratory, experiment with microcontroller..
#79420619 - Earth and Spacecraft.
#84183329 - solar cells and wind turbines generating electricity in power..
#77506869 - Modern computer memory modules with black radiator isolated on..
#106192880 - Photovoltaic system with solar modules and bright sun against..
#55591611 - Prototype Solderless electrical Breadboard with Jumper cable,..

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.204363
Retrieved Text: This piece, called Hypostasis, is part of Geddes’s cosmonaut series and was featured in the Juxtapoz anniversary show at the Jonathan Levine Gallery in NY. Geddes’s paintings are created with meticulous detail – the product of precise observation and exceptional brushwork – and often take months to complete. I think the most fascinating artistic elements of this piece are Geddes’s treatment of composition, tone, and color.
The only subjects are a single cosmonaut and two pigeons, all in the center of an otherwise empty space. The painting is a moody red, a color that creates an atmosphere that is sensual and passionate, but also serious and enigmatic. Geddes stated in an interview that through his works, he wants to “spark questions, rather than answer them.” Despite his photorealistic depiction of the subjects, this scene is evidently surreal, happening in some otherworldly place where pigeons can survive in outer space. There are little narrative elements or background features present, yet the subjects of Hypostasis are juxtaposed enough to suggest that a narrative is necessary.
Through this, Geddes invites the curiosity of viewers. The cosmonaut seems lost in the undefined space surrounding him, wearing a helmet that conceals his identity and expression. Who is he, why is he here, and what is his relation to the pigeons? Geddes also sparks questions of time and space – does this scene depict one single, fragile moment in time, or does it suggest infinity and boundlessness? And is the cosmonaut suspended in space or falling through it? What do you think about this

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.178333
Retrieved Text: At present the overall situation of the earth is that every beings of us, including those extra- terrestrial beings of us, when conducted specific observations, felt a kind of strong energy circulating impulsively in the whole space. This kind of impulsive circulation is not common in low level group, at least I have never ever seen according to some of my past work experience. This kind of impact and backflow of energies, or what we called the rolling circulation, was intensified so magnificent in the moment in this space, like myriad terrifying waves, swept and surrounded the dark energies of this space, about to annihilate them.
So, what we can feel now is that the numerical value of energies in the earth has already changed radically. What we felt before was that the earth and beings as a vessel, when the energy of this space changed radically, it’s like water waves, or ripple on the lake oscillating out, was spread out constantly. But now because of this spirit of the brave departed, these indomitable souls and the beings suffering in the miserable dilemma waking up collectively, their will to fight burst out strongly and formed a kind of strong impactive resonance energy, started pouring into this space strongly, and pass to other spaces comprehensively. So when I observed this amazing situation on the earth, also collected the feedback and resonance from other spaces.
A lot of planets, the situation same as the earth, or better, they fed back proactive and give the reports of this situation. They found

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.15916
Retrieved Text: Scientists throughout the years have studied outer space immensely and still have many unanswered questions. They study the stars, moon, galaxies, black holes, and whatever else is found in the quiet, dark realm of space. As Christians, we look at the night sky and observe the moon and stars and think of how awesome a God we have. We see that there is no way that a big bang could have created such a scene, but only an Almighty God could have. Outer space is not really thought about very much by a person, but once one does think about it, his mind cannot comprehend the vastness of it. The region of space is truly an amazing part of God’s perfect creation.
Space is such a huge part of God’s creation, but it doesn’t get much recognition. When one talks about creation, how often do we think about the mountains, trees, flowers, and animals? One does not think much about outer space, even though it is so large. Just for a quick example of how big space is, the sun can fit 1,300,000 planet earths inside of it (Cool Cosmos). This is only the size of the sun!
There are also stars in outer space besides the sun called megastars. The closest megastar to Earth is called Pollux, which is 8.8 times larger than our sun. Next in line is Arcturus, which is 25.7 times the size of the sun. Another one of the known megastars is Antares. Antares is 883 times bigger than the sun! And the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.151188
Retrieved Text: the miracle of ordered space and light.
earth underfoot, the sky above.
and children come and shelter in its shade.
to celebrate the move love’s logic made.
sky underfoot, the earth above.
its roots in-earthed, its branches reaching out.
Imagine life as it is meant to be!
Make people whole, bring peace on earth about!
this is the only earth we know.
The scene is set, above, below, this is the only earth we know.
• RK: This is a particular favourite of mine – a piece I sometimes play and sing to myself in the studio late at night. I have used it as a solo, as a unison choir anthem, and as a congregational hymn with a song leader. On most occasions, when presenting it publicly, I play an improvised piano verse between the sung verses 3 & 4.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.141773
Retrieved Text: Is it a coincidence that the EdTechLN will be hosting a Tweetup about creating space in Extension on the unofficial Star Wars day #Maythe4th [be with you] May 4, 2017? What on Earth will we be talking about?
What do you think? Is creating personal, professional, and collective spaces in Extension critical to our work? Let’s explore how Extension professionals are finding the time and space to nurture these personal, professional, and collective spaces.
Join the #EdTechLN and #NetLit moderators, Steve Judd, Bob Bertsch, and Karen Jeannette on #Maythe4th, 2017 @ 2 pm ET. Come ready to share your inklings and Earth-shattering ideas about how we create these spaces in our Extension work.
P.S. Don’t be shy about wearing your favorite Star Wars shirt or sharing your favorite Star Wars scene to set the stage for a earth shattering discussion!
This 60 minute event took place 2:00 PM, May 4, 2017 EDT.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.138979
Retrieved Text: The film isn't your garden variety biopic that tells its story from his birth.
First Man is about Neil Armstrong, the first man on the moon, the man famous for the words: "One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind." The film isn't your garden variety biopic that tells its story from his birth. It focuses only on the period from when Armstrong joins the space programme to when he landed on the moon. It isn't a thump-your-chest patriotic ode to that marvellous feat. It's less about celebrating that small step and more about all the steps that went before it: like the cost of that achievement, for instance. There was the financial cost, yes, and the film touches on debates over that, with both politicians and the public questioning if it is worth all the tax money (the use of Gil Scott-Heron's poem, Whitey on the Moon, is inspired as it also addresses the racial inequality in the space race). But what director Damien Chazelle is more concerned about is the human cost; the many human lives lost along the way -- one scene about this is gut-wrenching.
And then, there's the cost to relationships. First Man, interestingly enough, is as much about Neil Armstrong's wife, Janet (playing brilliantly by Claire Foy), as it is about the famous astronaut. It’s as much about the strain upon their marriage and family. A tragedy early in the film shakes their relationship and after Neil joins the space programme, he withdraws further and further into himself, leaving Janet

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.090979
Retrieved Text: A group of Fellowship members went to see Thor movie today and had a blast. If you haven’t seen the it, you may want to look at this list for items that appear in the movie Thor. Most of these I caught on my own, some I didn’t. May be worth seeing the movie again to catch them all of them. So in order of the movie….
In the armory, you’ll see a big eye. The thought was it was the Eye of Agamotto – a reference to Dr. Strange. However, Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige says it’s the Wizard’s Eye, reference to a Tales of Asgard backup story around issue #129. (BTW – you can’t miss it). Also in the armory, I did not see it, but supposedly the Infinity Gauntlet is there, and another item is a piece of Vibranium. The Infinity Gauntlet is reference to the event involving the villain Thanos gathering the Infinity Gems (Soul, Time, Space, Mind, Reality, and Power) to gain omnipotence over the entire universe. Vibranium is a Black Panther reference – the metal only found in his kingdom of Wakanda which has the ability to absorb sound.
After Thor arriving on Earth and forced to wear Earth clothing, he is given clothes belonging to Jane Foster‘s (Natalie Portman) ex-boyfriend, Dr. Donald Blake. In the comics, Odin banished Thor to Earth to learn humility, and made a mortal guise for him in the form of a crippled doctor – Donald Blake.
In the scene where the hammer Mjolnir is discovered by a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.07681
Retrieved Text: Many steps, but really not so difficult to do. We'll start, as with every Three.js project, with the basics, and add the Three.js initialization code.
The following code is the basic code you need to get started.
In this small piece of code we create a Three.js scene, a camera and append it to a specific element in the html page. I use JQuery to determine when the document is ready. Once the HTML page is completely loaded I read in the data to plot and add the various elements of this graphic. We start of easy, by creating the 3D globe of the earth (the addEarth and addCloud functions).
We start of with a very basic earth. This earth is rendered as perfect sphere (which the earth in reality isn't), where we add a texture that is a satellite map of the earth. I converted the map to grey scale to make it less prominent in the finalized scene. Good starting material for maps of the earth can be found from nasa here: http://visibleearth.nasa.gov/view_cat.php?categoryID=1484 .The basic earth map doesn't contain clouds, we can easily add them by creating a somwhat bigger sphere with a cloud texture.
I've used the clouds texture from the Three.js examples, but you can also find different other textures online. Now all we need to do is add some lights and we've got our basic globe setup.
This adds a basic directional light (at the same position as our camera). I've used a blue-ish color here. If we render this scene we get the following: an

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.056892
Retrieved Text: Www.digitalplayspace.com - Are There Any Real Pictures Of Earth From Space. Relevant to Are There Any Real Pictures Of Earth From Space, 3D Cartoon animation has appear up as certainly one of by far the most endorsed technologies in today's laptop or computer age. This is the sort of graphic imaging that has taken more than second or scale product puppets too as drawings which ended up typically referred to as stop motion animation. More than the many years, there's been an at any time escalating demand for cartoon videos at the same time as being the utilization of 3D cartoon animation inside the media for endorsement of brand name names that has initiated improved and more subtle imaging software's available in the market.
An animation is defined like an visual shift in a spectacle related to time. The visual shift in the scene is not just related to the change in the positioning of the object, but additionally with its own shape, color, transparency, structure and texture. An important thing about animation is that it usually signifies the hand drawn or artificially drawn sequence of images, which contrasts to the pictures where performers performances with real-world scenes have been listed. That is relevant to Are There Any Real Pictures Of Earth From Space.
This post talks in regards to the variance of cartoon and anime, and the definition of each and every in different types. Anime, mainly from Japan, exhibits alone to become lots further and very well thought-out in plot and character enhancement than those of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.826097
Retrieved Text: Director Ridley Scott, returns to the genre he helped define. With PROMETHEUS, he creates a groundbreaking mythology, in which a team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth, leading them on a thrilling journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There, they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race.
MPC VFX Supervisors Richard Stammers and Charley Henley and VFX Producer Marianne Speight led the team, delivering 420 shots in native stereo. Stammers served as the production’s Overall VFX Supervisor, with Charley Henley leading the team at MPC who served as lead VFX vendor.MPC’s main areas of work included creating the alien planet LV-223, space environments, the human crew and alien space-crafts, an explosive crash scene sequence, plus bringing to life the alien ‘Hammerpede’.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.699345
Retrieved Text: As already hinted at in the last post I decided to change the visual style of PjW towards a different look, which gives the player the feeling of actually having the earth between his fingers, rather than just feeling like floating around it in space. So the last days I spent on changing the visuals of the main 3D view (where you’ll spent most of your time) like I did with the nation selection screen.
If you take a look at the screenshot on the left you’ll quickly notice that it has changed drastically from the earlier versions and I myself feel this looks and feels much better than the old version. First there is the sky background, which is different depending on the nation you choose (that’s one part of the uniqueness of the different nations, the player should always directly see what nation he choosed, so besides the different backgrounds I’ll als add minor differences to the UI depending on the selected nation). Second is the rippling (and moving) reflection on the ground which adds some dynamics to the scene itself. And lastly the earth is now using an advanced shader for rendering it’s surface. The shader itself was done by 3DLabs for one of the Workspaces in Rendermonkey (but can be freely used as long as it’s mentioned) and uses a base-texture, a night-light map and a cloud cover. It’s got a moving night-day border, so while playing you’ll see the how that border slowly moves across the globe (another one for making the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.69007
Retrieved Text: There are plenty of updates supposedly in the works at Walt Disney World, but as we get closer to the 50th Anniversary in 2021, we’re getting a better idea of the possible post-anniversary plans slated for the Vacation Kingdom.
With Animal Kingdom’s massive addition now in the rear-view mirror and the plans at Hollywood Studios quickly taking form, the focus is now shifting to the long-term redo heading to Epcot.
Two of the most significant projects, the new Ratatouille family ride and the thrilling Guardians of the Galaxy indoor roller coasters, are well underway and both are likely to open within the next 24 months. Beyond those two additions, few details of Epcot’s grand redo are known. However, new rumors point to a major overhaul of the park’s flagship attraction, Spaceship Earth.
Opening with the park in 1982, Spaceship Earth has had two major updates over the years, the last in 2007. That was thanks to a sponsorship by Siemens, which was announced two years earlier in 2005. Now more than a decade since its last update, the history of communication narrative found in the ride is missing a key chapter on smart devices.
If current rumors are correct, Spaceship Earth will close for more than two years to undergo a major overhaul in which every scene is overhauled.
When it opened in 1982, Spaceship Earth stood out as an ambitious project in a theme park filled with them. Ray Bradbury, who was a close friend to Walt Disney and familiar with Disney Imagineering, oversaw the storyline found within the time

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.660717
Retrieved Text: Earth Reveal provides an immersive audio-visual experience.
Users are encouraged to move across the night sky to reveal the earth below. This encourages the user to become an active participant, moving across the projection to explore the scene.
The sound of the stars twinkling, matched with the realistic graphics are sure to fire the participant’s imaginations. This provides teachers with a great opportunity to enthuse children about the wonders of space and enables them to ask questions that will lead topic exploration.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.631798
Retrieved Text: YapzOr is a support player for Team Secret. He is praised to be one of the most impactful 4 position players in the scene with a high kill participation early on. On heroes such as Rubick, Earthshaker, Earth Spirit or recently Clockwerk, YapzOr has made a name for himself as a strong ganker and space creator.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.626749
Retrieved Text: Survival is for the fittest, is Earth fit to Survive? ~ Portraits of yesterday!!
Survival is for the fittest, is Earth fit to Survive?
I have always believed that whatever needs to be extinct has to go extinct. Survival of which is going to be a pain for itself or the people helping it to survive. But when it comes to the survival of Mother Earth there is a second or third thought regarding my belief. Can we let anything to go extinct if we love it? Probably not. So when environmentalist are trying hard to protect an animal or bird species to prevent it from disappearing completely from the face of earth, there is a lot of love and empathy and affection behind their action.
Now, 'go green' is a slogan heard in every continent. Recently, I happened to watch a travel programme on TV. It showed massive parts of glaciers of Antarctica melting and falling down several times a day, baring the mountains of its ice clothing!! That was a scary scene. This is the ultimate result and proof of global warming now. The ice melts and the water level increase. And places which are close to sea level are under the threat of being submerged in water in near future!!. One by one will the continents disappear and will there be a massive extinction of all the species on earth?? Is there a need for a 'Noah's Arc' to be send to space to preserve all the species?
One step at a time, what can an individual

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.56968
Retrieved Text: A video released on YouTube claims to have rumbled how astronauts aboard the ISS trick us into thinking they are floating in zero gravity by hanging from wires, and in a mock-up ISS in a plane.
It also claims that the space walks are filmed inside a swimming pool.
The crazy conspiracy theory is part of a growing claim that humans have yet to master space travel, and all footage, including the moon landings were hoaxed.
He said: “Inside (the ISS) there are a couple of zero gravity tricks that they use to fake it.
“The first is they have a complete mock-up built inside an airplane.
“The airplane does a bunch of rise and falls it does an upside parabolic trajectory and that simulates zero gravity.
“The other main way they simulate the zero gravity is with suspension in front of a blue screen and they use that trick for extended periods of time, for longer than 45 seconds segments, but they can’t move around as much, they can’t do the acrobatic flips and rolls in the extended mode.
“So, there is full motion, where they can fully move around, and that is faked in plane, and then there is suspended or extended mode, where they are suspended by wires in front of a blue screen.
He then claims to have rumbled retired astronaut Chris Hadfield, 58, who was the first Canadian to walk in space and was previously a commander of the ISS, inadvertently showing the clips of his wires on camera.
He said: “In this scene Chris Hadfield bends down in order

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.500412
Retrieved Text: British company AMC joins Deep Space Industries and Planetary Resources in their attempt to create an asteroid mining economy. The first launch is scheduled for 2020.
Ceres is suspected to contain water-ice on the surface that was separated from it’s heavier inner core a long time ago, along with other lighter elements. Offering a potential reservoir of life supporting resources and fuel for hydrolysis. Most recently there’s been talk of the dwarf planet having more organic material than previously thought.
Europa and Enceladus are two natural satellites of particular interest among the space community due to their sub-glacial oceans and entrenched hydrothermal vents which can possibly support life with the necessary heat for proliferation. We’ve found microbiological organisms flourishing amongst hydro thermal vents here on Earth so why not Europa or Enceladus?
The Asteroid Mining Corporation will start by targeting asteroids between the orbits of Venus and Mars with a similiar trajectory to Earth. Scientists believe there are thousands of these near earth objects. some of them are easier to get to then the moon making that a reasonable first step in establishing economic-industrial operations in outer space.
Their company plans to use as many materials as they can find. Those most evident based on infrared spectrography include Platinum group and Ferrous metals, Rare Earth minerals as well as Carbon and volatile compounds such as water.
AMC wants to secure 2.3 million in crowdfunding for their first objective. Launching “APS-1” a 6U spectroscope based space telescope in to orbit. The first of it’s kind in the UK and a proper demonstration

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.453947
Retrieved Text: This phenomenon, in the various shapes which it assumed, indicated no external change, but so sudden and important a change in the spectator of the familiar scene, that the intervening space of a single day had operated on his consciousness like the lapse of years.
The mother&apos;s impassioned state had been the medium through which were transmitted to the unborn infant the rays of its moral life; and, however white and clear originally, they had taken the deep stains of crimson and gold, the fiery lustre, the black shadow, and the untempered light of the intervening substance.
Cabbages grew in plain sight; and a pumpkin-vine, rooted at some distance, had run across the intervening space, and deposited one of its gigantic products directly beneath the hall window, as if to warn the Governor that this great lump of vegetable gold was as rich an ornament as New England earth would offer him.
There are no more uses of "intervene" in The Scarlet Letter.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.451263
Retrieved Text: provide virtual camera work for the outer space shots of the story’s orbiting torus.
Shooting from Animatrik’s Vancouver studio, Neill Blomkamp wanted the camera to feel like it was being operated by a real human being. Animatrik played back the spaceship animation in the digital realm, and then operated a virtual camera on the studio stage, filming the scene just as one would a normal scene.
The result was a dramatic and authentic-feeling sequence, shot handheld despite taking place far from the atmosphere of Earth.
Digi-doubles were also created for some background characters, and one scene in which Matt Damon’s character rips the head from a robot. Performance capture was used to give these elements a physical and tangible feel.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.449509
Retrieved Text: Today, NASA’s New Horizons spacecraft will finally let us see what the surface of Pluto looks like up close. And thanks to a new interactive website called Lightyear.fm, we already know what Plutonians are listening to: either “Trap Queen” by Fetty Wap or "Sugar" by Maroon 5.
The caveat, to that, of course, is it's what they're listening to if they can pull in radio broadcasts from Earth. Lightyear.fm essentially takes the opening scene of the 1997 film Contact and makes it a functional interactive experience. Once you load up the site, your eyeballs are treated to a flight through space while your ears learn how long it would take radio broadcasts from Earth to make that same journey.
It may sound complicated, but calculating the reach of radio waves over time and space is really straightforward. Radio waves travel at the speed of light, so if you were one light year away from Earth—that’s 5.9 trillion miles—you’d hear broadcasts from a year ago. And it may have taken New Horizons nearly a decade to get close to Pluto, but the dwarf planet is a mere five light-hours or so from Earth. Every known planet or former planet in our solar system would still be hearing contemporary jams broadcast in the last few hours.
Three of the members (writer Chris Baker, developer Mike Lacher, and designer Brian Moore) of Lightyear.fm’s team have worked together before on independent creative projects. Lacher built the audio system for the site, Moore designed the site interface, and Baker made sure the tunes were

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.437449
Retrieved Text: Inspired by the Brera district harbor, Milan’s art scene, Creativemary designers have created the Brera Table Lamp that is an eclectic mix between tradition and sophistication.
This modern table lamp is part of the Cosmo Collection.
Brera district harbor is Milan’s art scene, the bohemian at earth, is a perfect destination for its bustling nightlife, and for those wanting to be inspired by Italian history and creativity. Brera modern lamp is a contemporary lighting piece which the inspiration is an eclectic mix between tradition and sophistication. The Brera table lamp shows, forward a wood body and a fiberglass shade that is coated in gold leaf and lacquered, the artisanal technique. This modern light fixture is a minimalist yet elegant choice for your contemporary living space.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.432459
Retrieved Text: Some of Rockman’s greatest allies and enemies have come from alien origins. The outer space theme really picked up in Rockman 3 and the Rockman World series, with Dr. Wily regularly creating space bases or utilizing extraterrestrial technology to create his robots. To meet these challenges, Rockman often relies on the vehicle-morphing powers of his robo-dog, Rush.
With Rush Space mode, Rockman makes the space lanes safe once more. In this scene from Rockman World 5, Rock and Rush dodge asteroids as they escape the exploding Wily Star.
208. At last the battlefield has expanded to outer space!!
Rockman World 5 was all about space, and introduced two extremely dangerous robots to Rockman’s rogues gallery: Earth (also known as Terra), and Sungod (aka Sunstar).
Earth is a powerful warrior and leader of the Space Rulers (Stardroids), while Sungod is the ultimate weapon of a lost ancient civilization. Rockman had to face off with both of these robots to save the Earth (planet) from widespread destruction. These guys were also a main focus of Hitoshi Ariga’s most recent Rockman mangas, Rockman Gigamix 2 and 3.
173. Rockman’s gravest threat!? The strongest enemies unveiled!!
But that’s just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to space. Other powerful threats, like the mysterious robotic ninja Shadowman, the life-threatening Evil Energy, and the cruel interstellar super-computer Ra Moon all hailed from somewhere in the cosmos. But so does Duo, one of Rockman’s most powerful allies! And on mobile phones, Rockman suits up to rescue endangered astronauts in the appropriately titled Rockman Space Rescue (which you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.322754
Retrieved Text: We're gearing up for the final stretch! We have some super-exciting surprises up our sleeves that you'll see over the next few days. We've already started making changes to the page to accommodate for this.
In the meantime, take a peek at the next video update.
This video shows off some of the ways that I want to experiment with transitioning from level to level in Four Sided Fantasy. What you see in the video are in-game transitions from scene to scene - there isn't any video editing done here.
I've often wondered why games don't use film-like transitions, and I have yet to find a good answer, so it's an area I want to explore in the game. I think it has a lot of potential to add to the atmosphere and mood!
Habitat is a neat looking game, and the developers are based in Seattle! They recently reached their goal, but I wanted to give them a shout-out since they still have some time to reach stretch goals.
The game tasks you with building bases in space that are made up of scraps from the earth. Shipping containers to jumbo jets - you name it. I'm a huge fan of this type of game. Player expression has a lot of potential in games, and it's even more exciting when it involves giant space ships crashing into each other. You can find their Kickstarter page here.
Nate Schmold, Jessica Leung, and 4 more people like this update.

================



======= Instance Index 1155 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We approach a man on a sidewalk. we... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: see some components on the outside of a building with the title of a player.

Ending 2: then see the man at a ski lift a little boy.

Ending 3: see a man playing the accordion on the sidewalk as people walk past.

Ending 4: reengage in a game of arm wrestling.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.729261
Retrieved Text: Could public libraries be custodians of smart city data?
The approach has been put forward as a solution to the ongoing debate about data governance at Toronto’s Waterfront Quayside project.
A new report from the Toronto Region Board of Trade recommends that policymakers assign oversight and development of smart city data policy to the Toronto Public Library.
The Board’s BiblioTech report comes in response to the debate over data management at the Toronto Waterfront Quayside project. The area is being developed by Sidewalk Labs, the smart city division of Google-owner Alphabet.
The Library has been suggested, the Board of Trade says, because “it is a longstanding public institution with broad respect in the technology community for its balanced approach to data policy and information management”.
The report also recommends the City of Toronto should explore ways that could enable citizens to share the financial benefits of intellectual property that is commercialised at Quayside and other public realm IoT smart city projects.
The Board’s President & CEO, Jan De Silva, noted that most Board of Trade members “strongly support” Sidewalk Labs and Waterfront Toronto’s efforts to develop the Waterfront project, despite the ongoing debate about governance and other milestones in the Quayside plan.
"Sidewalk’s Quayside pilot has the potential to be a marquee project for the City of Toronto’s tech community."
De Silva said: “Sidewalk’s Quayside pilot has the potential to be a marquee project for the City of Toronto’s tech community. But for Toronto to be a relevant global city in the new economy and for tech companies to commercialise their innovations at home

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.727247
Retrieved Text: Am I alive? Dead? Dying? I’m not sure.
I can smell thick, fetid air.
I feel insects crawling on my skin, beneath my clothes, all over me. Tickling me with their tiny legs. Then biting and stinging.
But I can’t open my eyes. Can’t stand or sit up. Can’t move at all. Can’t talk. Can’t plead or scream or even whisper.
And through it all, my mind won’t stop thinking and remembering.
Old man Stegmann saw us coming. Saw Tommy and me. Coming to rob him, to rob Steg’s Corner Deli. His neighborhood shithole. Old man Stegmann let us get close, then shot Tommy in the face. I dropped my gun and a cop rushed into the deli yelling, “Police! Police!” Old man Stegmann shot the cop dead too. And now, alone with my mind in Stegmann’s basement, I think maybe Tommy and the cop were the lucky ones.
And then he shot at me, again and again. I heard the bullets zip past and watched them rip open the wall. I stumbled down the stairs to the basement, swallowed by the blackest darkness I ever knew. Heard low buzzing and slithering sounds and soft crunching every time I took a step. Then tickling and biting and stinging on my legs. Then numb dizziness and bottomless darkness and the cold concrete floor against my face.
Back when Tommy and me were little kids, old man Stegmann terrified us. Fat and mean. Ugly as poison. Dirty and sweaty. We never went inside his deli, of course. Partly because we never had any money. Partly

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.658726
Retrieved Text: The Sidewalk chalk does a lot of work all on its own. Last weekend, for example, this one very large strong man on the sidewalk was looking at the scriptures and his head was drooping down. Obviously, something was stirring within him as he was walking past the scriptures. He sat down and I approached him and asked him what was going on.
He was very heavy over his family situation. I ministered to him for about 20 to 30 minutes right there by the sidewalk chalk. It was a matter of listening to God, repenting, and putting feet to faith.
Two ladies came up to us that we had never met before. They said they led two other people to the Lord that were contemplating the sidewalk chalk scriptures.
Other people come up to us and say that when they read the Scriptures it is a word in season for them. Something they needed to hear at that moment.
Often times, people will come up to us to talk about what we are doing. We begin to engage with them about the gospel, the kingdom of heaven, and their personal relationship with Jesus Christ. My goal is to activate Kingdom Seekers and get them closer to Jesus then they were before they met me.
The awesome thing about the sidewalk chalk Ministry is that we don't even have to be there for it to change lives.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.936201
Retrieved Text: Man taken to local hospital, Alamo Colleges officers say.
Alamo Colleges Police twice stopped a man Friday afternoon as he wandered along West Dewey Place between Belknap Place and San Pedro Avenue.
The man initially was stopped around noon in front of the Methodist Student Center at Belknap and Dewey for playing in rain puddles in the street, said a passer-by at the scene who asked not to be identified.
After police arrived, the man walked to the sidewalk along Dewey Place and lay down, pulling up his shirt.
Alamo Colleges patrol officer Luis Martinez was on the scene and released the man with a warning, telling him he could not play in the middle of traffic or go into any of the nearby buildings.
After Martinez warned the man, the man saluted the officer and walked down West Dewey Place singing in Spanish.
Martinez stopped him again around 1:30 p.m. in front of the San Pedro Branch Library. The man again lay down on the sidewalk as EMTs and Alamo Colleges Police Cpl. Adrianna De Hoyos arrived to help Martinez calm the man down.
Martinez said the man was not drunk, but was ranting and raving about individuals of other races.
De Hoyos said the man was taken to a nearby hospital to be detained for the San Antonio Police Department.
“We couldn’t just leave him out there,” De Hoyos said.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.731035
Retrieved Text: Every month I am hosting a community event in the Baltimore area. Last month, we made a human rainbow, and this weekend, I brought a bunch of sidewalk chalk to make the ground more colorful and positive! I called it a Sidewalk Chalk Flash Mob, and even though many of the people who said they were going to come didn’t, I had a lot of walk-by participation!
Thank you to everyone who came out and drew with chalk on the ground. I’m going to share some photos from the art that was made, ranging from the ice cream cone fad among the children, and the simple “thanks” of a man who couldn’t kneel down to participate.
If you’re ever looking for me at one of these events, just find the balloons. If you’re lucky, I’ll give you one at the end!
Around 12:30, everything had died down and I was getting ready to pack up. A security van rolled up and a guy came out and asked if we were here for the ceremony. “What ceremony?”, I asked, to be informed that the governor was going to be giving a speech underneath the flagpole in a few hours. Under the flagpole? You mean where we covered the ground in sidewalk chalk? Oh.
Stay connected with me on Facebook for upcoming events!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.458118
Retrieved Text: The last time I was in Paris five years ago, people were still allowed to smoke in bars and restaurants here. That made for quite an experience (and a lot of clothes-washing to get the smell out) for all of us.
But this time, quelle difference. And it’s added even more flavour to the Paris nightlife because now, small herds of people gather on the sidewalks and streets outside every bar and restaurant that doesn’t have outdoor tables so they can smoke. You can look down any street and see where the bar is and how popular it is by how dense the roadway cluster is. We passed by one, the Brasserie La Perle on Rue Vielle du Temple, last night that must have had 60 people partying on the sidewalks on two sides.
This being France and civilised, people are allowed to take their drinks out on the sidewalk. (Don’t think they’ll be trying this on Granville anytime soon.) The cars parked partially on the sidewalk make for handy drinks tables and so it all works out. Bar owners must be ecstatic, because it seems to, in some cases, double their capacity.
The end result is to give the streets even more of a festival-like air than they already had. So when the naked man, wearing only shoes and a hat, walked by last night as we were having a drink at a sidewalk table amongst the smokers, he prompted a round of thunderous applause from the sidewalk crowds.
The next passersby to come through — four men in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.380026
Retrieved Text: Currently existing navigation and guidance systems do not properly address special guidance aides, such as the widely used white cane. Therefore, we propose a novel shoreline location system that detects and tracks possible shorelines from a user's perspective in an urban scenario. Our approach uses three dimensional scene information acquired from a stereo camera and can potentially inform a user of available shorelines as well as obstacles that are blocking an otherwise clear shoreline path, and thus help in shorelining. We evaluate two different algorithmic approaches on two different datasets, showing promising results. We aim to improve a user's scene understanding by providing relevant scene information and to help in the creation of a mental map of nearby guidance tasks. This can be especially helpful in reaching the next available shoreline in yet unknown locations, e.g., at an intersection or a drive-way. Also, knowledge of available shorelines can be integrated into routing and guidance systems and vice versa.
Blind and partially sighted people have encountered numerous devices to improve their mobility and orientation, yet most still rely on traditional techniques, such as the white cane or a guide dog. In this paper, we consider improving the actual orientation process through the creation of routes that are better suited towards specific needs. More precisely, this work focuses on routing for blind and partially sighted people on a shoreline like level of detail, modeled after real world white cane usage. Our system is able to create such fine-grained routes through the extraction of routing features from openly available geolocation

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.235115
Retrieved Text: KANSAS CITY, MO. -- In the area of 107th and Bristol Terrace there are still signs of the accident that sent a six-year-old boy to the hospital last Monday.
"That could have been my child," said a man who didn't want to be identified. He heard the car strike the boy and stepped outside.
"He was gasping for air, taking deep breaths, breathing hard like he was going into an asthma attack and there was another lady over here. She pulled his head back and was holding his head off to the sideways and held this part so he wouldn't down on his tongue," he said.
Paramedics took the boy to the hospital in critical condition. One of his relatives told 41 Action News Monday the boy remains in the ICU at Children's Mercy.
"At least put a stop sign here or something this is the second bad accident that we've had over here in this area," the resident said.
In March, a man died after his motorcycle crashed into a car just a block west where the little boy was hit.
People who live in the area say drivers are constantly going above the posted speed limit.
"I won't even let my kids out because there are no sidewalks," the man said.
We did spot several people walking in the street because of a lack of sidewalks.
We reached out to the city Monday.
A public works spokesperson said there is a multi-phase project underway to add sidewalks along 107th Street from Blue Ridge Blvd. to James A. Reed Road using Public Improvements Advisory Committee

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.190722
Retrieved Text: “Anniversary” is a word we usually associate with happy events that we like to remember: birthdays, weddings, the first job. March 30, however, marks an anniversary I would just as soon forget, but cannot.
It was on that day 10 years ago that a deranged young man standing among reporters and photographers shot a policeman, a Secret Service agent, my press secretary and me on a Washington sidewalk [above].

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.136295
Retrieved Text: And now, a playlet in which the dialogue is composed entirely of 2011 movie titles.
WOMAN: I am number four.
MAN: [gesturing to his car] Monte Carlo. Real steel!
WOMAN: One day. The future. Another earth.
MAN: Don’t be afraid of the dark!
WOMAN: [considering] The dilemma: Contagion? Unknown.
MAN: Just go with it!
MAN: 30 minutes or less.
WOMAN: [sighing reluctantly] Take me home tonight.
MAN: In time. [seeing pedestrians in the crosswalk] Madea’s big happy family!
WOMAN: Drive angry! Like crazy!
WOMAN: [seeing an acquaintance on the sidewalk] Martha Marcy May Marlene!
MAN: The girl with the dragon tattoo? Young adult? Zookeeper? I don’t know how she does it!
WOMAN: We bought a zoo.
MAN: Dream house! [he sees a silhouette in the window] The help?
WOMAN: We need to talk about Kevin.
ALIEN VOICE 1: Attack the block!
ALIEN VOICE 2: Mars needs moms!
WOMAN: I saw the devil! Extremely loud and incredibly close!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.001513
Retrieved Text: Linda Valdez: A recent encounter with a Black man changed my view of the movement.
As a White woman, I was skeptical about the Black Lives Matter movement. After all, what’s so bad about saying “all lives matter”?
I get it now. I saw why Black lives need to matter on a quiet street in downtown Tucson.
Two men were walking toward me, one White, one Black. They weren’t together. The White guy was about 20 feet closer. Nobody else was in sight, so I sized them up and ranked them on my personal safety meter.
The White guy was middle-aged and a little disheveled. His blue jeans looked greasy and his shirt was badly wrinkled. He looked aimless. I put him at a five on the safety meter; a 10 means cross the street.
I avoided eye contact as we passed and veered a little to the right because he was walking in the middle of the sidewalk.
The Black guy was about 25 and clean-cut. His clothes were stylish and he walked with purpose. I put him at a two on the safety meter; a one is a woman with a toddler.
I felt safer while I passed the slightly shady White guy because this young Black man was close by. So his reaction to me was surprising.
As he approached, this nice-looking young man moved to the far edge of the sidewalk and avoided eye contact. He seemed to try to make himself look smaller.
That’s when it hit me. That's when Black Lives Matter made sense.
These men reflected the lessons our

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.916279
Retrieved Text: COLUMBIA - Columbia Access Television (CAT) will remain fully funded under the city's 2014 budget, thanks to surplus money.
Monday night, the Columbia City Council gave unanimous approval to a few ordinances that make up that budget, including a $200,000 allocation for CAT.
The public access station will get $100,000 immediately, with an additional $100,000 in matched funds. For every $1 raised by CAT, the city will pay them $2, up to $100,000.
That money was a portion of the $1.9 million surplus from the city's 2012 budget that was originally set aside for a sidewalk project that would have been chosen by residents though an online poll.
Max Lewis, a man who is completely paralyzed from the chest down, said the city should have allocated some of that money to sidewalk repair.
"You're going to find problems on almost any sidewalk in Columbia," Lewis said. "As you get further and further away from Broadway, the sidewalks get really bad."
Lewis said there are times when he is forced to ride his wheelchair in the streets because there's no sidewalk.
"It's not out of desire, it's out of necessity that I'm in the street. I just cannot traverse over those sidewalks. My wheelchair will either wreck or it'll get stuck," he said. "It's not fair to me, or to cars on the road."
Mayor Bob McDavid proposed a motion to put some of the surplus money toward sidewalk funding, but council members shut down his motion.
Columbia was in a five-year contract with CAT that ends on Sept. 30. The city's original contract between CAT

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.88891
Retrieved Text: One of the simplest ways to improve the curb appeal and aesthetics of your home’s exterior is by beautifying your sidewalk. Before your guests and welcome visitors set foot inside your home, they are treated to a view of your world via the path leading to your door. You want to make sure the walkway the leads to your door is neat, tidy and free from damage that could result in a slip and fall injury. That’s not just being a welcoming host, that’s what makes you a responsible homeowner.
A clean sidewalk isn’t the only example of the pride you take in your home. A stain-free and neat driveway, porch and exterior is also a sign that you value your home. Landscaping and a well-kept lawn are necessary to add to your curb appeal as well. However, keeping you sidewalks and concrete areas clean is a sure sign you take care of your home, inside and out.
When you need sidewalk cleaning in Charlotte, NC, don’t rely on DIY products from your local big box store. They’re harsh and can cause costly damage to your concrete. Many are highly toxic, which could also cause irreparable damage to your landscaping, as well as pets, children, and yourself.
Learn more about our concrete cleaning services in Charlotte and surrounding areas!
Most homeowners don’t notice the black and grey spots that begin to discolor the sidewalk outside of their home until it becomes a real mess. Frequently, algae, and mildew have already done some damage to the concrete before you take notice.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.823921
Retrieved Text: All this snow in Chicago is not slowing us down one bit! This week we were spiritually re-energized and felt more motivated, partially because my companion and I were both waking up exactly on time every day and working out hard each morning. On Wednesday as we were trudging through deep snow on the sidewalk after another big snow storm, I felt prompted that we needed to stop right where we were and wait on the sidewalk in the cold wind. So we stopped and my new junior companion asked me what I was doing.
I just looked at him and said we need to stop here, but I don’t know why. He thought I was crazy and after standing there in the snow for about 30 seconds, we saw a Ford Focus driving slowly up the icy road. I just knew we had to talk to the person, whoever it was, driving that car. I felt an impression that he would be very interested in our message. So I told my companion that I am going to act like I’m reading something in my notebook and you go talk to him when he stops. I explained to him that if I keep my back turned, it won’t look like we are standing here stalking him or intentionally waiting here for him to pull up.
The man just stopped cold in his tracks and looked at us like a deer caught in the headlights. Finally he said, “Yes!” He quickly turned and walked over to where we were

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.819668
Retrieved Text: Contact Michael Sloan about Sidewalk poetry, Shanghai..
I saw this man writing Chinese poetry on a sidewalk in People's Park on a sunny day in early April. The man was writing with water, so his characters began to evaporate within moments. By the time he had finished writing, the beginning of his poem had almost completely disappeared.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.674877
Retrieved Text: The patterns and ideas shown here are part of the answer, yet architecture and urban design is simply one tool. The good news is that design that promotes community is not a task for rocket scientists.
There are many details to observe in cities and in these pictures, but the reader might focus on and consider, above all, the placement of the buildings in relation to the sidewalk.
Simple as it may be, this relationship of the building to the sidewalk is one of the key architectural decisions in city planning for cohesive neighborhoods. This relationship is significant in residential areas but is of supreme importance in commercial areas. Indeed, it is the position of the building with respect to the sidewalk that makes a city.
The good news is that the relationship is a very simple one: place the building at the sidewalk. That's it. Don't make it complicated.
If you question this, consider the places that most people like to go on vacation: New York, Paris, London, Aspen, Carmel, Nantucket, Park City, Friday Harbor, and even Disneyland! Every last one of them is built so that the building comes right up to the sidewalk.
Historically, this is quite understandable. With only human and animal power to move goods, and with market forces in charge, it made sense to bring the building as close to the right-of-way as possible. In fact, often the building would cantilever out over the street in the effort to maximize profit, creating, ironically for modern preservationists, the most charming streets.
People who make ersatz cities also

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.618427
Retrieved Text: Little did we know Sidewalks were so fascinating!
Eric DuVall explained his 45 year fascination with the sidewalks of Ocean Beach and Point Loma. This is a path upon which entire streets appear and disappear, and where the passage of time and the physical history of our community are literally written in concrete. No, really! Would anyone have thought that something so ubiquitous and ordinary, something so obviously hard, if not always cold, as common sidewalks, could be even remotely interesting? Or that the very sidewalk beneath your feet might be steeped in mystery and controversy? Well it sure is.
Eric’s occasional Facebook Feature, Sidewalk Sunday, proved – against all odds – to be popular. And our presentation on the 50th Anniversary of the Ocean Beach Pier showed the world that people will turn out to hear a man talk about concrete. In this case our presenter was not an expert on the subject, but merely an observer. An observer of something that doesn’t move, something that is the same this morning as it was thirty, fifty, or even one hundred years ago. Or is it?
Thanks Eric for a interesting and entertaining program.
I will be unable to attend tomorrows Ocean Beach Historical Society presentation but find this topic fascinating. Does Eric have information for the public to view and read? The oldest sidewalk square I’ve found was 1913 on Bacon but there’s a lot more to discover. This is one meeting I’ll really miss!
Hi Jacque, thanks for you interest. Most of my sidewalk material has been on the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.614704
Retrieved Text: The Powell Family: Day 199- Why?
Occasionally my encounters will beg more questions than answers. Such as today, why was there a man sitting with his legs crossed rocking back and forth on the sidewalk of a fast food restaurant? Why was he outside in the heat? Was he trying to smoke the cigarette butts from the nearby ash tray? Is he homeless? Why did he quickly stand up when I tried to approach him? Why is he walking away?
Me: Sir, how are you?
Man: Fine (Lengthening his stride).
Me: Hold on a second! I have something for you.
He paused for a brief moment as I handed him a tract, but quickly returned to his stride. What happened? Once he saw that I was no longer pursuing him, he sat on the corner of a busy intersection. More questions began to flood my mind that I was unable to answer. It seems like encounters like today bring me closer to the Lord. Life can be confusing, but the Lord is still in control. Sometimes it takes an awkward moment to remind me of that very important truth.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.605288
Retrieved Text: Despite antagonism between cyclists and scooter riders, the popularity of scooters could encourage the city to build more bike lanes.
E-scooters are growing in popularity in San Antonio, and some believe this new mode of transportation holds the key to improved bikes lanes in the city.
“We should follow him,” he says and then pedals off.
As the two men, who are riding in the street, approach the intersection with Houston Street, they shoot across two lanes of traffic onto the sidewalk and back onto the street.
“That’s a classic move,” says Gonzales, who works for San Antonio bike-share company Swell Cycle. “So they’ll go from the street to the sidewalk, to the street,” all to avoid the red light.
Gonzales said it’s fair to say many cyclists don’t like scooters that much.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.552683
Retrieved Text: Rapid City has just imposed a ban on texting while driving. This is probably a good thing, but for me it comes a little late. I have already been run over by someone who was texting.
The incident was clearly not my fault. I wasn’t doing anything life-threatening like running into traffic or crossing the street at a corner. I was right where a good law-abiding pedestrian ought to be: on the sidewalk.
Of course, so was the woman who ran over me. Did I mention that she wasn’t in a car at the time? She was walking.
I saw her coming a block away. She wasn’t a kid, but she was young; maybe in her 30’s. She was walking down the sidewalk toward me, along with a man about her age and a teenage girl. The three of them, of course, took up the whole sidewalk. Not a problem. I assumed they would do the polite pedestrian thing and drop into single file while we passed each other. As we drew closer, I did my part by moving to the right, so I was walking on the edge of my side of the sidewalk.
I could see that the woman was looking at her phone, but I assumed she was also paying some attention to her surroundings. Silly me.
Just as we were about to meet, the girl veered off to her right and headed across the street. The woman finally glanced up from her phone as she turned to say something to the girl.
And that’s when she hit me.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.494978
Retrieved Text: Senator Squadron and Borough President Stringer presented their nine point plan for traffic safety shortly after the tragedy that took two young lives in Chinatown last week.
CCRC applauds their emphasis on the City's need to do a better job of "working with Community Boards and other community organizations, drawing on the invaluable input that only neighborhood residents and businesses can provide. The City must respect and acknowledge community priorities such as the re-opening of Park Row, and work with local stakeholders, in order to build consensus behind comprehensive traffic management plans."
We also applaud their mention in the nine point plan to "keep the sidewalks clear of street furniture, garbage, and other obstacles that infringe on public safety."
This has proven to be much easier said than done in the last fifteen or so years.
The struggle has been well documented in keeping sidewalks clear of merchandise.
However we must caution about other recommendations to "reconfigure sidewalk space" and to "expand sidewalks". This cannot and should not be done until well after all the sidewalks have been completely cleared of illegally placed merchandise, and store facades are required to comply with the law. To start "reconfiguring" and "expanding" without first restoring existing sidewalk conditions is premature and irresponsible. Mott St. has already enjoyed more room on the sidewalk with the recent removal of parking meters.
It was suggested some five years ago that to make more room on sidewalks in Chinatown, all the City needs to do is "widen the sidewalk" that is, pour more concrete (thereby narrowing the roadway). It

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.487715
Retrieved Text: « Donate to AS&R, Help Albany and Get a Tax Deduction!
In 2010 Albany Strollers & Rollers completed a census of the worst sidewalk condition in each block in Albany. The census found 194 of Albany’s 600 blocks of sidewalk had significant damage (a vertical offset 1 inch or greater or a slope of 9% or greater) within the best two and a half foot width of sidewalk. This demonstrated that Albany’s current system of sidewalk repair was dysfunctional.
Like roads, sidewalks are public infrastructure on public land. However unlike roads, State law allows and Albany’s code requires adjacent property owners to identify needed repairs, contract for the repairs, secure a building permit for the repairs, manage the repairs, and pay for the repairs.
In some years, Albany has put up a bit of money to reimburse the adjacent property after the fact for half the cost of repair on a first come first serve basis. In the years this funding was available, it typically ran out within months, leaving no funding for the rest of the year. In recent years, there has been no such funding available.
Not surprisingly given the diversity of adjacent property owners, some were less able or willing to take on making these repairs, with the result that this public transportation system degraded to the lowest common denominator. In addition, the cost per repair of the current approach is much greater than would be an approach that aggregated multiple repairs into a single project.
With the census results in hand, AS&R set to work advocating for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.48502
Retrieved Text: A man with a lady in his pick-truck stopped at the gate to talk to Jennifer on his way in to Tiller's parking lot. His license plate is a personalized Kansas plate: "ROOFMAN".
At first he told Jennifer that he was coming in to do a roofing job, however, when they went into the parking lot, they were seen walking in together, and it was obvious that they were here for an abortion.
Later, they stopped on their way OUT of Tiller's parking lot, and the gentleman admitted that he had lied about coming in to do a roofing job. The gentleman explained that they already have two children, and really did not want a third child. However, he said, that they could not go through with an abortion, saying "We just cannot do it!"
This couple was influenced by sidewalk counselors, only enough to put off having the abortion for a few days. Unfortunately, this week they came in for the abortion and did not stop at the gate to talk to sidewalk counselors.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.455357
Retrieved Text: HUSTLE TV: In Conversation with John Varvatos from Sidewalk Hustle on Vimeo.
We’re pleased to present our latest HUSTLE TV feature, a conversation with legendary menswear designer and icon John Varvatos. A couple weeks back we had the pleasure of sitting down with Varvatos before the launch of his new shop in shop experience at Harry Rosen’s Bloor Street flagship in Toronto.
We touch on the evolution of the brand over the years, his recently launched record label, who the John Varvatos man is, and what inspires him from collection to collection.
Watch our feature above now.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.406542
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON (Sinclair Broadcast Group) -- A driver in San Francisco crashed into pedestrians injuring five people. The driver left the scene after the incident.
San Francisco Police Department says four of the individuals involved are in "life threatening condition."
A witness tells NBC Bay Area that a driver engaged in an argument with another man on the sidewalk. Other people attempted to intervene causing the driver to step out of his vehicle with an ax.
The individuals chased the man into his car before the man crashed into the pedestrians on the sidewalk.
#SFPD investigating hit and run incident at 24th & Illinois Streets. Please avoid the area until further notice.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.398289
Retrieved Text: Most Philadelphia streets were designed well before the automobile was even a thought and during a time when cities needed to be walkable. Walking was not only the norm, but the only way for many early Philadelphians to get around.
Despite Philadelphia’s planned walkability, the modern urban landscape poses challenges for pedestrians, and winter weather presents one of the most common ones. As we approach the height of winter with snow and other bad weather on the horizon, it’s a good idea to familiarize yourself with some best practices and to be aware of what your responsibilities are during winter weather.
According to the Philadelphia Streets Department, the city requires at least a 36 inch (3 feet) wide path to be cleared on the sidewalk that spans your property. Snow should be piled along the street side of the sidewalk, but do not throw the snow into the street. That path should be cleared within six hours of the end of a snowfall or freezing rain. This includes the part of the sidewalk that ramps down to street level known as a curb cut, and if your house is a corner property, you are responsible for the sidewalk along the side as well and any pedestrian ramps to cross the street. If your sidewalk is wider than the required 36 inches, don’t be afraid to shovel the entire area. The more area you clear, the more space there will be for people to safely travel past your home. Shoveling snow is good exercise, however be cautious if you

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.393658
Retrieved Text: "The Sidewalk Man" Pressure cleaning at a fair price. Honest & Reliable. We strive to provide 100% customer satisfaction. Looking for curb appeal to sell your home, hosting an event or party, need to adhere to HOA requirements, or just want to look good? Let us brighten your property today!
Power washed my patios, driveways, sidewalks and front walk.
These guys were great. They fit me into their schedule on short notice (within two days) and did a great job. They were on time, they were thorough, cleaned up after themselves, explained what their processes were, did a quality job and were fairly priced. Will definitely use them again.
Pool area, brick patio, front sidewalk, driveway, and walkway to front door.
Carl Sankel is the best! He does a thorough job with fantastic results. Have used him in the past and did not hesitate to use him again. He is professional, punctual, and takes great pride in his work. The results are beautiful. Look no further, this is the guy to do your pressure washing - with a fair price!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.308615
Retrieved Text: A Queens man went to sleep thinking he’d found the perfect parking space for his beloved 1991 Honda Civic, but got a rude awakening yesterday when he found it had been crushed by a toppling crane.
Singh, 38, was in bed when the cherry-picker crane fell across Hollis Avenue at 195th Street shortly before 9 a.m.
As it turned out, workers were using it to make roof repairs on the building where Singh lives.
There were no injuries, but plenty of upset motorists forced to detour around the wreckage, which blocked the two-way street from sidewalk to sidewalk.
Singh said his family had crammed into the car the day before for a Fourth of July trip to the beach.
“We had a wonderful time,” he said.
After he dropped off his relatives, Singh motored home, where he lucked into a parking space right across the street from his apartment building.
“I said, ‘What a perfect parking spot!’ ” Singh recalled.
He said the car was running fine until it was squashed like a bug.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.304022
Retrieved Text: A walkway next to a road that allows safe passage for pedestrians.
I was walking on the sidewalk one day when I noticed that it really has a lot of cracks. I was admiring the cracks in the sidewalk seeing different images in the shapes of the cracks. The smooth, gray concrete prompted me to lie down and feel the cool hard grayness on my skin. It was solid and comforting. I will forever remember this moment in time.
you’re a sidewalk. Yes you are, stop denying it. Why do you always deny how much of a sidewalk you are? There are so many people that are not sidewalks yet you, my friend, are most certainly the most sidewalk-like person I have ever met. You are made of concrete, you are grey, and people walk on you. This is what it is to be a sidewalk.
A place to walk on the side.
She hopped along, skipping over sidewalk cracks as if she were a child. The world was suddenly a joyous, wondrous place, and she could afford to be childlike. All at once, she no longer had to suffer that from her fear of being crushed by the obligations that usually ran her life.
so many people on the sidewalk walking talking laughing almost crying bursts of joy and angry intentions this sidewalk brings us all together and yet divides us. those who cross this way and those who cross that way but eventually we meet again on this sidewalk, this trail of broken dreams and spoiled children with their

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.303526
Retrieved Text: On our way to the grocery store a few weeks ago, we saw a rolled up diaper on the sidewalk about 2 blocks from home. I remember commenting at how raunchy it was for someone to have tossed a diaper there. I remember Hubber saying maybe it FELL out of someone's stroller as they were strolling along. I remember J saying maybe it BLEW out of someone's trash can. I DISTINCTLY remember all this happening A FEW WEEKS AGO.
Yesterday, on our way to the grocery store again, guess what we saw on the sidewalk about 2 blocks from home? Yep. There it was. In all is bloated glory. It had expanded to triple the size it was a few weeks ago because of all the rain we had gotten. But, there was no mistaking it - it was the SAME diaper. In the same spot. Now you're thinking we live in the ghetto and dirty diapers on the sidewalk are to be expected in the GHETTO. The thing is - we don't live in the damn ghetto. We live in a very upscale neighborhood. And the house that is directly connected to the diapered sidewalk is worth probably $900,000. So, you'd think that after a FEW WEEKS, the owners of said house would have disposed of the bloated diaper by now. You would think. But noooooo. There it fell and there it stayed.
Maybe the home owners thought the diaper owner would come back to claim his or her property? The thing is - there's a gutter

================



======= Instance Index 498 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is working outside in a field. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.

Ending 2: is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.

Ending 3: is using a scythe to rake the debris of garbage.

Ending 4: is using a large tool called a thresher.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.25313
Retrieved Text: Marty Stuart is country music's renaissance man. He has scored six top-ten hits, one platinum and five gold albums and four Grammy Awards. But his success proves the difficulty of gauging a career in charts alone. He has made lasting music as a front man and in collaboration with virtually every major roots music figure of his era, from Lester Flatt to Bob Dylan. He has evangelized for country music around the world, eulogized the departed legends of the field and identified and encouraged talents of the future. Stuart has produced records for some of the most distinguished artists working today and many famous names have chosen to record his songs. Stuart's energetic enthusiasm has gone outside music, yielding impressive work as a photographer, writer, collector and arts executive.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.843636
Retrieved Text: > > energy field.  "Do you yield?" he cries out.
> Dazed from the grenade blast, Carlos lets out a weak "I yield..."
> Bongo follows suit, aiming his weapon squarely at the taller man.
The tall man struggles back to his feet.
> Ted takes on the tall man. A tripping leg hook ought to buy some time.
The man tries feebly to move out of the way, but goes to the ground.
> a wall with all of his strength.
pouring from his nose and ears.
> the Coalition soldier standing near her.
> laser and be extremely careful with laser shots. She yells, "Is everybody alright."
> She hates fighting outside of body armor.
his medkit and begins working on him.
Lady Frost shakes her head.  "We must have woken up the entire town by now."
Suddenly sirens begin ringing in the distance.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.475065
Retrieved Text: The window of a building on Jay St. near Greenwich St. in Tribeca, where a window washer fell.
A window washer who was leaning out a fifth-floor apartment without a harness plunged to his death in Tribeca Tuesday afternoon in front of shocked onlookers, cops said.
The man, whose identity wasn’t immediately released, was leaning out of the Hanover River House to clean a window at 335 Greenwich St. when he fell about 1:09 p.m.
One witness said he was worried when he saw the man hanging out the window.
“He was sitting outside the window, he was holding the window with the left hand and he was cleaning the window with his right hand,” said Edin Arias, 39, a carpenter who was working on a building across the street.
He said he and his friend heard the man believed to be in his 30s fall.
“When I came down I opened the door to the van and I heard the noise and I just knew he fell down,” Arias said.
The man fell from the fifth-floor window to the ground below.
Arias, holding back tears, said the man was still conscious when he ran over.
“I told him, ‘If you hear me, you need to move your head, because you know Jesus, he wants to give you one more chance,’ and he moved his head,” he said. “I prayed for him,” he said.
Witnesses confirmed that the man worked for Aerial Window Cleaning, LLC. A message left at a phone number for the company was not immediately returned.
Another witness also saw the man working without

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.366604
Retrieved Text: Lockdown corners are needed to combat the high power passing offenses of the league.
Here are the top-rated cornerbacks in Madden NFL 17.
Norman is expected to be a lock down corner for the Redskins this season. He is best in zone with his 97 zone coverage rating, but has the ability to match up in man to man situations with 90 speed and 92 man coverage.
Harris Jr. is the closest thing to a lock down man to man coverage defender in Madden NFL 17. His 89 speed, 96 acceleration, and 94 man coverage ranks him tops in the league for man to man defenders.
No one would say Sherman lacks confidence and his ratings back that up in Madden NFL 17. Sherman will be best used in Zone with his 94 zone coverage rating.
Peterson is one of the games fastest defenders with 93 speed. Take advantage of his 92 man coverage rating and leave him in 1v1 situations. You can roll safety coverage towards other areas of the field and feel confident he will get the job done on the outside.
You don’t get the nickname Revis Island without having the ability to lock up opposing receivers on the outside. With 89 speed, 92 acceleration and 90 man coverage Revis still has the ability to play lockdown coverage on the outside.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.212885
Retrieved Text: Hanunoo Mangyans at a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
Hanunoo Mangyan women cross a shallow creek with their children at a Mangyan market in Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan pours himself a cup of Tuba, coconut wine, at a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
Elder Hanunoo Mangyan women at rest while attending a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyans browse DVD titles for sale at a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan browses DVD titles for sale at a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan boy attending a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan man with red-stained mouth, the telltale sign of chewing betel, or nga nga, in Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan man mixes the ingredients for betel chew, or nga nga, in Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan man placing fresh batch of betel chew, or nga nga, in his mouth in Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan man displays his betel chew, nga nga, before adding slaked lime, or calcium hydroxide, in Oriental Mindoro.
A Hanunoo Mangyan man drops a pinch of slaked lime, or calcium hydroxide, into his hand while preparing his betel chew, nga nga.
A Hanunoo Mangyan woman shops with her child at a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan woman and her child shops at a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
A Hanunoo Mangyan woman walks to a Mangyan market near Mansalay, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
Mangyan children wait for their family members at a Mangyan

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.076458
Retrieved Text: We were asked to serve a subpoena by a defense attorney on a witness. We arrived at the address and there was a man who fit the witness’s description working outside the home on a car. After denying that he was the witness, the adjuster was not satisfied he was being truthful.
A young boy was riding his bike around in the area. A subtle inquiry by the adjuster revealed that the boy was a neighbor of the man working outside on the car. Further inquiries revealed that the man was in fact the witness. The adjuster returned to the man with this information, upon which he confessed to being the witness and the subpoena was served. Churchill always gets the job done despite any barriers or problems along the way.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.040476
Retrieved Text: The Rams played much less man coverage in 2018 than we normally see out of a Wade Phillips defense. One reason for this was the early-season injury to cornerback Aqib Talib, which forced him to miss 8 games.
Even since his return, the Rams often have not had their corners follow receivers around the field in man coverage quite as often as we’d expect. They largely play man coverage by alignment. Talib mostly stays on the defensive left outside of the field, Marcus Peters stays to the outside right, and Nickell Robey-Coleman plays in the slot.
One of the benefits of this type of approach is that it doesn’t tip L.A.’s hand. When defenders follow receivers around the field pre-snap, it is often a telltale sign of man coverage. The Rams don’t always provide that indicator.
The Patriots like to use formations that force the defense to show if they are playing man or zone. They put tight ends and running backs on the perimeter and wide receivers inside. If the defense matches up with a linebacker or safety on the edge, it is likely man. If they keep their cornerbacks over the tight ends and backs on the edge and put their linebackers and safeties over wide receivers inside, it is likely some kind of zone. The Rams’ approach could be somewhat useful against these formations.
No matter what the defensive approach is, one thing is certain with the Patriots. They will still find ways to create and take advantage of mismatches by using these unconventional alignments.
If Rams defenders

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.030287
Retrieved Text: Las Vegas, NV (July 10, 2018) — Working in Las Vegas, independent production sound mixer Neil Curschman of NC-Sound has to be prepared for anything, from interviewing celebrities on the red carpet one day, to profiling a casino show performer the next day and then covering a major event at the convention center the day after that. Whatever the situation there is no margin for error, so Curschman relies on Lectrosonics Digital Hybrid Wireless® equipment to get the job done, including SMQV belt pack transmitters, bagged SR Series receivers and a pair of racked Venue2 receivers.
In contrast to the variety of work that he typically experiences, Curschman reports, eight months of the past year were occupied by seasons one and two of the Food Network’s Vegas Cakes reality show, for which he was the audio supervisor. The show centers on Freed’s Bakery, a Las Vegas institution for almost six decades, and showcases the extravagant custom cakes that the multi-generational family-owned business creates for high-profile clients such as Wayne and Kathleen Newton, Cirque du Soleil’s Ka, Blue Man Group and Donnie and Marie Osmond.
“The main location is the bakery. That’s when I use my Lectrosonics Venue2 receivers,” he says. “I set up antennas at different locations in the bakery to get RF coverage everywhere; mic-up six to eight people with Sanken COS11D lavs, put SMQV transmitters on everybody and let them run wild.” The receivers are racked with a Sound Devices 970 recorder, with all three units networked over Dante.
When Vegas Cakes participants move outside, to deliver

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.807188
Retrieved Text: surgical: relating to or requiring or amenable to treatment by surgery especially as opposed to medicine; "a surgical appendix"; "a surgical procedure"; "operative dentistry"
running(a): (of e.g. a machine) performing or capable of performing; "in running (or working) order"; "a functional set of brakes"
This article is about characters in the television series Firefly.
An older usage: concerned with mechanical or manual work.
An agent working in the field (outside of an office).
(Mil.) : A corporate term for one who performs covert operations, eg. a company man.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.750956
Retrieved Text: Two children, ages five and six, were electrocuted in Texas when a plugged-in hairdryer fell into the tub in which they were bathing.
A three-year-old Kansas girl was electrocuted when she touched a faulty countertop appliance and the water faucet.
A 52-year-old man was working outside when he went to switch on a lamp located on the wet ground. When he touched the case of the lamp he received a shock but was not electrocuted because the lamp was plugged into a GFCI protected receptacle. Within one second, the flow of electricity was halted and the man survived. The lamp was later tested and found to be faulty.
The National Electrical Code has been requiring GFCI protection for most outdoor receptacles since 1973, in bathrooms since 1975, in the garage since 1978, in the kitchen since 1987, and in crawl spaces/unfinished basements since 1990. A properly functioning GFCI device constantly monitors the electricity flowing in a circuit. If even a tiny amount of current escapes, the GFCI assumes you are at risk and it shuts off the circuit in a fraction of a second. It does all that for about ten dollars each. In the field, we often find GFCI devices that are improperly wired or failed. We recommend that you plug in a night-light and use the test and reset buttons provided to confirm operation of each GFCI device monthly. Approximately 200 electrocutions each year could be prevented by the installation of this ten dollar device. Tomorrow is too late.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.723202
Retrieved Text: OMAHA — A Fort Calhoun man is in the hospital after being shot in the lower leg while deer hunting.
The 45-year-old man was alert when members of the Fort Calhoun Volunteer Fire Department loaded him into an ambulance Monday.
Washington County Sheriff Mike Robinson said the hunter was walking through a field when he was shot outside Fort Calhoun.
Robinson estimates that the hunter was hit from "a quarter to a half mile away."
He says no citations have been issued. Deputies are investigating the incident.
The name of the man hasn't been released.
Powderhook is pivoting in a big way, but staying in the hunting and fishing business.
A 22-year-old Lincoln man accidentally shot himself Thursday night after finding a gun in an alley in northwest Lincoln, police said Friday.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.699192
Retrieved Text: Man suffers burns when field catches fire | LaMarca Law Group, P.C.
An elderly man working alone in his field has suffered burns on his arms, legs, and face after a fire broke out last Thursday. The 80 year-old farmer was in his tractor cutting cornstalks at the time.
A neighboring farmer saw smoke coming from the field and immediately phoned 911. He says he had a fire break out in his field that morning as well. The man was taken to the Humboldt County Memorial Hospital, and then flown by Mercy One helicopter to the University of Iowa’s burn unit.
The cause of the fire is still under investigation. More than eight fires were reported that day in Humboldt County and dozens more across northern Iowa after 50mph wind gusts swept through the region.
If you or someone you know has suffered severe burns in a fire, contact the Des Moines fire and explosion attorneys of LaMarca Law Group, P.C. today at (515) 225-2600.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.692595
Retrieved Text: Today, let’s go to the red zone and talk some Cover 2. Rams at Saints from the 2010 season. St. Louis has their Ace (212) personnel (2 WR, 2 TE, 1 RB) on the field vs. New Orleans’ base 4-3 defense.
Corners in a “soft squat” and the two deep safeties in a position to break downhill at an angle to make a play on the football. First let’s go to the video replay and then get into some detailed coaching points of Malcolm Jenkins’ “pick-six” vs. Sam Bradford on the double-move.
Red 2: In the red zone, Cover 2 (or Tampa 2) will change because of the limited space to work with. With the field reduced, CBs will play that “soft squat” I talked about above (play in an off position, no jam, sink vs. vertical release) with the safeties sitting on their landmarks (top of the numbers). Why? Because route schemes will develop quicker inside of the 20-yard line, and with the end line as an extra defender, the secondary can play more aggressive.
Route scheme: The Rams and Bradford are taking a shot at the end zone here. Both No.1s (X, U) will stutter at 5-6 yards (typical depth of a double-move) and convert their routes vertically up the field. Use 7-man protection (TE and RB stay in) and try to beat the deep half safety in Cover 2.
Safety technique: Already talked about the landmark in Cover 2, but we should also mention the Mike Backer. In Tampa 2, the Mike will drop vertically to create

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.527037
Retrieved Text: CHIANG RAI, THAILAND - FEBRUARY 27: unidentified old asian man put the leaves on the ground fir burning on February 27, 2017 in Chiang rai, Thailand.
hd00:18A middle aged or mature man splits logs for firewood.
hd00:13BALI, INDONESIA - JULY 2014: Local woman farmer walking on wet field. Wide shot of female person with dark tanned skin working barefoot on wet field.
hd00:25A logger is cutting down a spruce with a big chainsaw. He is cutting it all around and the tree will soon fall on the ground. Close-up shot.
hd00:12GOA, INDIA - 26 JANUARY 2015: Portrait of woman at the working site, with cars passing in background.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.436872
Retrieved Text: This is a fairly basic play we see all the time in Box Lacrosse, using the Pick & Roll elements that have made Canadian players so successful in American Field Lacrosse over the past few years.
Pass Down, Pick Down will work just as well for your outdoor team as it does for your indoor team. If you coach teams for both types of lacrosse, you only have one Offense to teach your players!
Related: Check out this same Offense for Field Lacrosse- 2-3-1 Pass Down, Pick Down here.
Canadian coaches and players are known for using "Righties" and "Lefties", instead of spending so much time training their players to use both sides equally. Think about the playing style of Mark Matthews, Lyle Thompson, etc.
We run this play most often on the right side of the goal (when looking out from the Goal or Goalie) so that most of the passes and shot opportunities are right-handed, working with most younger players’ dominant right-hand side.
Related: Check out our Wall Ball Workouts for help developing stick skills with dominant and non-dominant sides.
Figure 1.) Blue 1 Passes Down, then Picks Down to Blue 2 on the Wing. Blue 1 moves toward the middle of the field as if he is clearing through to the Crease. Blue 1 then comes back out to set a pick on Defender Red 2's back side, so the Defender doesn't see the Pick coming.
Teach your players to use SPACE on Offense! Don't bunch up and make it easy on the Defense. Stay spread out and force the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.413754
Retrieved Text: Krishnakumar passes by Appa Patil’s fields and seeing Madhav working in fields and lifting grain bags thinks he has seen him someone, looks like teacher who helped him and took took him to Dwarkamayi, but why will he work in fields. He walks away. Appa sees its afternoon and asks all workers to have lunch. Madhav continues lifting bags and tells Appa that he is not speedy as others, so he will have food later. Appa explains him that everyone work slowly on first day just like his students grasp his teaching slowly. Madhav agrees to have lunch.
Pari and her friends go to Dwarkamayi and ask Sai if they will not get education again without school and teacher. Sai says they can get education via their teacher even without school. They all 3 walk towards Appa’s field. Krishnakumar sees them and follows them. They stand seeing Madhav having food. Appa calls them. Madhav walks to them, and they request to teach them. He takes them aside and teaches them. Krishnakumar walks to Appa and asks if that man is teacher. Appa says yes, he is one of most helpful people in Shirdi and when he had mortgaged his land, Madhav had helped him get back his land, but yesterday British government official seized his school citing not following rules, so he is working in fields to support his family.
Krishnakanth meets Madhav and takes him and Appa to Sai and says he found most competent needy man in Madhav and will donate his land to him. Surprised

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.395624
Retrieved Text: Magical ponies create the first snowfall of winter On a cold, gray day, Old Man Winter leads his snow ponies outside. "Are you ready?" he asks. Yes! Faster and faster the ponies gallop. Everything they touch turns white with snow as they bring winter to the forest and field. At last the ponies tire, and Old Man Winter settles them down for the night in their cozy barn. Outside, the world is covered with a soft white blanket. Winter has come at last. Simple, poetic text and evocative illustrations capture the magic of winter's first snowfall.
When Old Man Winter lets his snow ponies out of the barn, they run into the world, and everything that they touch turns white.
ils:CARL0000515379|Book|Books|1st ed.|English|Henry Holt & Co.,|2001.|1 v. : col. ill. ; 26 cm.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.386923
Retrieved Text: While I walk in India, I realized that one merit of our society disappeared.
In the past, there was another school system at outside of school.
The numerous outside elements such as large family, esteemed elders, cousins, mother nature, and farming interacted with students and provided students with good education. Outside elements constitute warp and weft of traditional education. They played very important roles in educating the students. They were so-called hidden school system, which disappeared recently.
2. Intersection of Milak, the starting point.
3. This seems to be a common facility of the village. They were drawing an interesting wall painting.
4. I ordered a cup of chai while I take a break.
Chai is a kind of tea. They put Indian spices into milk. They filter it after boiling for a while. Then, delicious chai is made. All Indians are enjoying chai. It costs 7 rupee (120 won) a cup.
5. This benign-looking woman is selling chai.
8. I found a modern-looking restaurant.
9. Boys are collecting fire woods.
11. The chaff is property of farming house. They cover chaff with rice-straw to protect.
12. Trees are growing together in the wheat field.
This kind of mixture farming seems to be possible.
13. I ordered Dal curry which was made of bean, and roti bread which was made of flour.
In addition, I ordered fried rice for plentiful lunch.
14. This man stopped his car and awaited me for considerable time.
I explained New Silk Road in detail.
I took a picture with him.
15. I have my own recreation. When I pass by this kind of house, I stop. I glance

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.268085
Retrieved Text: It was a dark, icy day in December when I went to the riding center to shovel poop for a few hours. It was my second tour of poop duty and the task was simple, except for the slippery skim of ice across the pastures. Pull a sled, fill with poop, dump onto poop pile, repeat.
​"You can work with Ezekiel today," I was told. I followed the pointing finger to a field with a person in it who was working without stopping, puffing frosty breath into the still air. My thrift store snow pants whisked noisily as I made my way to the field, stealthily squeezing my puffy outfit between the barbed wires without getting snagged.
​"Hey! Ezekiel?" I shouted and my voice rang loud and clear. The person stopped scooping and looked up, showing red cheeks and a big smile, black toque on his head. We approached one another.
​The field was flat with clumps of small, bare, woody trees. Horses stood peacefully around us, their coats thick and warm, their hot breath visible. Every crunch of snow beneath our boots cracked the silence. The air smelled of snow and horses.
​"I'm working with you today!" We shook mittens. Ezekiel's blue eyes were kind and spirited. He bent immediately back to the task at hand. He was small but powerful. I watched his strong legs moving swiftly as we hauled the loaded sled to the dumping section. It didn't take long before the young man started talking.
​He told me he had been working for KTRA for six months.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.231668
Retrieved Text: An incident at Dallas Love Field Airport that led to a man being shot by the police outside the baggage claim area stemmed from a domestic disturbance between a woman and her children’s father, a police spokesman said.
Witnesses of the event say that the man was threatening the woman and her car with large rocks from the airport’s landscaping on Friday afternoon. As an officer intervened, the man rushed towards him with a rock, that’s when shots were fired.
The officer can be heard asking the man to, “stay down,” several times in a video shot by a witness.
The suspect, who has yet to be identified, was rushed to the hospital immediately. It is unknown how many shots he sustained but a police spokesman did confirm he was conscience when he was loaded into the ambulance.
The Dallas Police Association was able to confirm that the officer involved was not injured.
During the panic, travelers in the likes at the TSA security checkpoints ran through to the gates in an effort to take cover. Because security officials did not know who had been properly screened, they asked for all of the travelers at the gates to be re-screened.
An hour after the event, the TSA lines began moving and travelers are being told to expect a 3-hour wait time to reach their gate.
Dallas Love Field Airport tweeted that customers should refer to their carrier to see if their flights have been delayed.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.106337
Retrieved Text: In a lot of ways, injuries have been the story for the Huskers through the first five weeks. Nebraska has lost both starters and back-ups at a number of positions on both sides of the ball yet they’ve managed to survive and start off Big Ten play 2-0.
A big part of Nebraska’s ability to overcome those injuries has been the versatility of the players who have stayed healthy, and no one personifies that more than junior linebacker Luke Gifford.
Gifford has played all over the filed throughout his football career. At Lincoln Southeast High School, Gifford was an all-state defensive back who also put up big numbers as a dual-threat quarterback.
When he arrived at Nebraska, Gifford worked at safety while he redshirted. The next year, he moved to linebacker and earned some early playing time, recording seven tackles in six games before suffering a hip injury that knocked him out for the rest of the season.
Gifford struggled to see the field as a sophomore, only playing in four games and notching one tackle.
Then Coach Mike Riley brought in Bob Diaco to take over as defensive coordinator and bring his 3-4 defense to Lincoln, and Gifford suddenly had a fresh opportunity. At 6-foot-3 and 235 pounds with the ability both to rush the passer and drop back in coverage, Gifford seemed like a perfect fit for Diaco’s defense in a way he never was under the old scheme.
Gifford came into the season listed as the second-string Dog, or field outside linebacker, position after a close battle with senior

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.070946
Retrieved Text: When taking part in a zone defense, the protective back have got to count on go when the ball is snapped. Each time it appears clear that a strolling play was once called, the defender adapts his backward motion and starts moving ahead or laterally into the appropriate rotation or pursuit direction.
Dominique Browner is one of the best football player and he is very sharp and smart in the field. But I'm not happy after getting this post because this post have only the name of this player as a title but not more content about him which is not good. You must add more detail about him then this post will become more effective. However, I need custom essay writing service which i could not find and finally got this post and say some suggestion to you.
This is Pretty good man. I'm not trying to play you or anything but you have to fight off that block from the wide receiver. Also when your playing run support make sure to tackle outside in. Which means try coming from the outside, if you do that then it'll be easier to make a stop because you'll have help coming from the inside like the linebacker or strong safety etc. Also if you see the receiver coming to block you go hit him hard, rip through him with a rip move. And always remember to keep your outside shoulder free! But keep working hard. Go to lots of combines, get your name out there and go to some

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.064081
Retrieved Text: Derby police officers are using high-tech equipment as part of a murder investigation after man was found dead at his home in Normanton.
A police tent and officers are still in Meynell Street in Normanton after the body of Murrey Paulson was discovered at his house on the street on Wednesday, July 19. Another man was found with injuries to his throat and he remains in hospital. Police have arrested a man on suspicion of the murder of Mr Paulson.
Today, uniformed officers were on the street guarding a police tent which has been erected outside Mr Paulson&apos;s house. Forensic officers are also still carrying out investigations and have been using a 360-degree camera to record the scene outside the house.
Floral tributes have also been left outside the house. And police have also released a new photograph of Mr Paulson.
Liz Morley, who knew Mr Paulson, and lives in Normanton, paid tribute to him yesterday. She said: "He was a very hard working man and he made me feel very welcome when I first moved into the area. I really got that sense that he cared about his neighbours and he wanted people to be OK and safe. I was stunned and absolutely gutted when I heard about his death. It&apos;s so tragic and just awful."
Witnesses or anyone with information is asked to ring 101 quoting incident number 135 of July 19.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.05429
Retrieved Text: Anand Adhikari, son of Madhav Raj Adhikari and Alka Devi Adhikari, born on 16th of Jan 1969 in Kathmandu is a prolific lyricist and is most rewarded individual in his field. His interested in the field was kindled at a very young age when he started writing poems. It is talent progressed and stepped into the competitive field of song writing in 1990. Thereafter there was no looking back. This talented individual has more than 70 golded songs to his credit which has adorned famous movies of Nepali cinema and various famous music albums.
His out look towards life is reflected in his lyrics, as so he believes that in the fast track and changing materialistic world, music provides solace and calm to every busy man. The best way therefore, he feels is that this medium of songs is themost apt one, through which he can propagate the rich Nepali Culture and tradition, re-kindle the patriotism amongst the country men and give a lunch pad to enhance the status of Nepali literature further a head both inside and outside of the country.
Most of his songs have a philosophical tinge and depict the offinity of the Nepalese towards love, life, nature and patiotism and also he is the man who is still searching the folklore. This latest album Aarshee(Mirror) is dedicated to his flower like daughter. It is a jukebox and a stupendous mix of eight melodious and evengreen songs. The songs inside this album have already created ripples in the 'ocean of music' by winning a numbers

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.053837
Retrieved Text: Oprah and Steadman, Tom Brady and Giselle, Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale. Quick, what do these three celebrity couples have in common besides fame?
At first glance it might seem hard to pick out what couples from different age brackets, nationalities, and vocational fields share in commonality.
The answer: In all three cases, the woman SIGNIFICANTLY out-earns her male counterpart.
And it’s not like Tom Brady isn’t working.
Long regarded as an indicator of healthy marriages, male breadwinning has historically been the sign of a principled man, motivated to provide a high quality of life for his family.
But times they are a-changing Bob Dylan, and not just in the world of celebrity.
In eras prior to the 1960’s, it was difficult for a woman to out-earn a man unless he was unable to maintain even a seasonal employment.
Because work was oriented around manual labor, agricultural or industrial, men received a higher hiring priority while women were expected to “work domestically”- providing meals and childcare.
Which is interesting, because prior to microwave ovens, washing machines, and electrical appliances, a homemaker’s day was filled with manual labor similar to that of a factory worker… just without the cigarettes and scotch.
Unmarried, or childless, women might work jobs in the educational or service industries, but even 40 hour work weeks produced modest payment, since the hourly wage was poor.
The mechanization of the American war effort, combined with the inclusion of female workers during World War II, meant that post-war factory jobs became acceptable for women, especially when faced with a generational shortage of working and marrying

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.03505
Retrieved Text: Curtis Dvorak, the man who has suited up as Jaxson de Ville for every Jaguar home game since their inception, has announced his retirement. In an interview with Hailey Winslow earlier this week, he said “It’s time (I've spent) 19 seasons in that building, jumping off those light towers. Even though I tell people I started when I was 10, I actually started when I got out of college. I eat a little too much Advil -- more than I should -- and I have some really cool opportunities here in town that I have been working on for a long time”. Dvorak has meant so much to the Jaguar fan base. As fans we could take this news and react to it in several different ways. We could be angry that Dvorak is retiring at only age 40. We could be sad and morn the only constant that the Jaguars home game entertainment has ever had. Instead, I propose that we be happy. Happy that for the last 19 seasons we have had the privilege of having the best mascot in sports. He has done so many amazing things on game day: Streaking on to the field; Zip lining from the lights above the stadium; Beating up the opposing team’s mascot; Parachuting into the stadium; flamboyantly indicating the opposing team’s field goals were no good, even though it was clear that the ball went through the up rights. We should celebrate that we had a mascot, in Dvorak, that would do so many great things

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.981468
Retrieved Text: Elderly man dies after being tased, family sues | Ramler Law Office, P.C.
On behalf of Richard Ramler of Ramler Law Office, P.C. posted in Wrongful Death on Tuesday, May 14, 2013.
Relatives of the elderly man who died in June 2012 after being tased by police are seeking financial compensation through a wrongful death suit. The Alzheimer's patient, age 77, struck his head on the pavement when he fell face-first after being assaulted by police. Family members filed the suit in April.
The victim was heavily afflicted with dementia and advanced-stage Alzheimer's disease. He was admitted to the Montana Veterans' Home in Columbia Falls in late May 2012, a facility that includes a 15-person specialized Alzheimer's unit. Just one day after he was admitted, the man wandered outside of the facility. He passed through the front gates and onto a nearby baseball field. The staff attempted to restrain the man, but he became aggressive. Employees called officers for assistance with the patient. The officers tried to get the man to move to a certain area on the field, but they tased him when he refused.
Emergency providers report that the man was handcuffed, face-down in the street. Medics provided immediate treatment for abrasions and cuts before transporting him to local emergency medical facilities for further evaluation. Even more disturbing, staff from the nursing home called to tell the family that the man had tripped while running; they did not take any responsibility for the incident or even indicate that police had been involved. The true story did not come

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.97341
Retrieved Text: MANSFIELD - Police are continuing to search for a suspect in the shooting of a man outside a Mansfield bar early Sunday morning.
Wednesday, Mansfield police Capt. Shari Robertson said police are still following up on leads and the suspect is still at large. "We're still working on trying to identify a suspect," she said.
"Anyone with information is asked to give us a call. In cases like this, people may be reluctant to give us a call but callers can remain anonymous," she said.
Tyron B. Gray Jr., the victim, was listed in critical condition Monday afternoon, according to Ohio Health Mansfield spokeswoman Christina Thompson. On Wednesday, Thompson said the hospital has "no information for a patient of that name."
"Detectives are working leads and trying to identify patrons from the bar that we believe may have seen the shooting," Mansfield Police Lt. Robert Skropits said earlier.
Gray was shot in the head outside The Patio at 1349 Park Avenue West shortly after 1 a.m. Sunday, according to police.
Nathan Ilinitch, a bartender at The Patio, said Wednesday the business is changing its hours effective immediately to 3 to 11 p.m. weeknights and 3 to midnight Fridays and Saturdays.
Ilinitch said pool league members knocked on the door Tuesday night and the business went ahead and opened unexpectedly because of the crowd who came for not only pool but for karaoke, the latter which is held on Tuesday nights, he added.
On Sunday, two Ohio Highway Patrol troopers were conducting field sobriety tests near the Patio and heard the gunshots, notified police, and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.8947
Retrieved Text: Has played Man coverage but not a lot the last two years.
Every year at this time there we start to hear more about the FCS players who could become NFL picks. Names like Darius Leonard and Dallas Goedert from 2018 or Cooper Kupp and Tarik Cohen from 2017. This year is no different and one of those players is Nasir Adderley.
Adderley is a terrific athlete and has the football genes as you can see from the bio above and it shows in his play. He’s a bit undersized but he doesn’t play like it. He’s a very physical player. Whether supporting the run, taking on a block or defending a pass he will back down from no one. If you were assigned to block him you better take it seriously as well. He’s not going to wait to be hit, he delivers the hit.
At North Dakota State, WR #80 comes from the outside to block him. He spins off the block and shows his competitive toughness driving the blocker into the pile.
Also at North Dakota State, he’s going to blitz from the slot but it’s a run play. The TE is assigned to block him and Adderley snaps his neck back while setting the edge, closing off the outside running lane.
A four year starter he began his college career playing defensive back and switched to free safety the last two years.
Against the run, he is very active. He shows a willingness to get into the mix and will fill gaps among the big bodies to make

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.86754
Retrieved Text: Authorities say a woman was fatally wounded when a gunman being chased by police in Los Angeles fled into a supermarket and took hostages.
The gunman, who was not identified, surrendered following a three-hour standoff. Details on how the woman died inside the store were not immediately known.
Authorities say earlier Saturday the man shot his grandmother and girlfriend. He then fled in a car with officers pursuing him through the city.
The chase ended with him crashing the car outside the store and heading into the store. Gunshots were fired during the chase.
Witnesses say employees and customers inside Trader Joe's ran or jumped out of windows to get to safety.
A gunman who led police on a pursuit and then ran into a Los Angeles supermarket, holding bystanders inside hostage, has been taken into custody.
The suspect walked out of the Trader Joe's in the city's Silver Lake neighborhood with a cluster of hostages Saturday afternoon and was immediately surrounded by officers. He appeared to be handcuffed when he walked out.
Authorities say the man shot his grandmother and girlfriend earlier in the day. He then fled in a car with officers pursuing him through the city.
The chase ended with him crashing the car outside the store and heading into the store.
About three hours later, the man walked out alongside four hostages who had their hands up.
A 91-year-old man is among those who escaped from a Los Angeles supermarket after a gunman ran inside.
Don Kohles was walking into the Trader Joe's in the city's Silver Lake section Saturday afternoon when a

================



======= Instance Index 2912 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see a man preparing to throw the discuss. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: puts on his glasses and prepares to throw.

Ending 2: spins and turns and throws the discuss to another man sitting before him.

Ending 3: throws and walks away and we see it in slow motion.

Ending 4: steps to his right then throws the woman.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.310604
Retrieved Text: Alicia made that statement to the man that murdered her son. Michael sat on the other side of the glass in a tiny metal booth speaking to Alicia via the phone on the wall.
Sandi’s brother Alex died because of her. Yes, Marcos killed Alex in a drive-by shooting, but it was her fault.
Evidence of destruction is everywhere but so is evidence of new life. Isn’t that reality at times? Bad things happen. So much is wrong in our society today. It is almost daily that I see so much pain and conflict that I just want to throw up my hands in defeat.
Laying on my back in a dune on Mustang Island, I pulled my hoodie up over my eyes to block the sun and provide some warmth. But in doing so, I no longer saw the vast ongoing gray water speckled with moving rolls of white as waves crashed on themselves. I realized that is not so uncommon in my day-to-day life. Most days, I see the world through my very limited reality filtered by distractions and perceptions. But other days I hear God whisper to me to sit up with eyes wide opened and see the abounding beauty around.
I have a friend. I met him in a prison in Texas while preparing for a face-to-face meeting with the son of the man he murdered. But it was not the details in the mediation that stood out in this particular meeting with the old man. He told me many stories of his life but the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.511034
Retrieved Text: Jerel Mair Once Again! Jerel is a 30yo follower of Christ, soon-to-be physician, and black man. Since the initial interview two and a half years ago, Jerel has joined the workforce and is currently preparing for the MCAT to enter medical school.
During this conversation, we discuss the trap of the greasy rope, why he revels in talking to other humans, and what he learned from the deaths of his grandparents who served as his parents.
and a clear definition with his family.
"I hope that my life was an instrument of God's design and that my life left no doubt about what I was called here to do. My hope is that you will find the same calling for Christ and follow that same direction."

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.320919
Retrieved Text: Heston said he came to camp last spring heavier than normal at 220 pounds, so he wasn’t surprised when his weight started to dip. He also said he didn’t feel like he wore down during the season.
We’ve got to cover ourselves and have somebody ready.
While he was second among Giants starters last year in wins (12) and innings (177 2/3 ), Heston became the odd man out in the rotation when the Giants signed Johnny Cueto and Jeff Samardzija during the offseason. Heston could start the season as the long man in the Giants’ bullpen, but Bochy said he’ll get stretched out to nearly a starter’s workload this spring given the uncertainty around Matt Cain, who is recovering from surgery to remove a cyst on his right arm.
“We’ve got to cover ourselves and have somebody ready,” Bochy said.
Last spring, Heston left Giants camp intending to open the season with the Triple-A River Cats, but he was recalled before the season began because of an injury to Cain. This year, he said, he’s preparing for anything.
On the mend – Relievers Santiago Casilla and Sergio Romo both threw to hitters in batting practice before the Giants played the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday. Pitching coach Dave Righetti said both threw about 30 pitches and “looked good.” Casilla is recovering from the flu and could pitch in a game for the first time this weekend, Righetti said. The Giants are bringing Romo along slowly this spring, and Righetti said Romo likely will throw another live BP session before he appears

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.04179
Retrieved Text: giving you the will and the power to achieve His purpose.
I’m sure you remember the story of the two houses that Matthew tells us in his gospel, 7:24-28. The two houses were structured differently in one important way: One was built on the sand the other was built on the rock. A tsunami hit and both houses were right in the middle of the crashing waves and the tornado-like winds. (Okay. It doesn’t say a tsunami – but it could have been – no it couldn’t have been because the houses were not by the ocean. Oh, well. Let’s make it a very scary storm!) When the storm hit, the house built on the sand came tumbling down but the house built on the rock stood firm.  Oh, you could no doubt tell that it had been in a storm, but it was still standing when the storm abated.
We know that the “Rock” is Jesus. He is our firm foundation. The storms come, but our Foundation is unmovable. Can you see that? You are in the midst of a severe storm – life threatening perhaps – but you are standing on this huge Rock – protected, unshakable! You see the swirling waves and gusting winds, but you stand firm! Oh, you may have to hang on like crazy to that piece of the Rock next to you, and you will probably get soaking wet, and be scared, and everyone can tell you’ve been in a storm – but you will stand because of your Foundation!
I’ve

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.978592
Retrieved Text: Whenever I visit with Mark personally or see him at Council meetings or social gatherings, I always see the same man. He is consistently caring, actively listening and ready to help or answer questions. He doesn't appear to have to ``shift gears`` to become a listener and does not go into overdrive about presenting or selling the products he represents. He speaks about what he and the Knights provide with absolute sincerity and clarity. He comes across to me as a man who is not going to push anybody against the wall, but is not going to step back from the genuine benefits of what he is selling or explaining.
Mark is patient in working with you and thus, makes it easy to find the right balance for each individual. I find Mark to be trustworthy. When we met and talked about some of my own accounts, he didn't try to have me reinvest those that were outside of the Knights of Columbus plans. That honesty of acknowledging the ``good`` indicated to me that Mark is not just a salesman looking for a commission. Rather, he is genuine in his concern for what is best for the individual and his family. I am further comforted in knowing that in a Knight's most desperate hour of need, he is there to accomplish the goal set forth by Fr. McGivney when he founded the Knights of Columbus.
Rev. Norbert J. Maduzia, Jr.
Mark contacted me and was most helpful providing me with the information I was requesting. He also suggested that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.896551
Retrieved Text: Greetings, readers! After some hectic schedules and a time of vacation, I am back and sharing my sermon preparations with you!
We have finished both the "Bread of Life Discourses" in John 6 and the letter to the Ephesians. We now turn back to the Gospel of Mark and toward the letter to James (not Martin Luther's favorite epistle).
I will share my thoughts in italics following each reading. I invite you to share your questions and reactions in the comments below so that we can discuss the readings together. I am still traveling and may not respond as quickly as you would like, but I will respond as my travel schedule allows.
The words “vengeance” and “recompense” cast an ominous tone over the Isaiah 35 reading. Is the Lord preparing to take vengeance against us? No; the Lord is preparing to act against the enemies of Israel. As the Lord does so, the Lord will provide everything that is due to Israel as a form of restitution after the harm done by Israel’s enemies. For us, we can read this as a promise that the Lord will act against evil and restore us after we are harmed by evil in any form.
It is worth noting that Jesus’ miracles included healing the blind, the deaf, the lame, and the speechless. Is Jesus the Lord’s recompense to the Lord’s people?
Psalm 146 is a psalm of praise to the Lord. The Lord is upheld as a great help to those on the margins (the oppressed, the hungry, the captive, the blind,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.493383
Retrieved Text: Click to see videosThe process of studying Leonardo the "Man" rather than Leonardo the "Brand Name" starts today! We will follow Leonardo's own hand as he wrote, drew and painted. The anatomy of the hand will be one of the main foundations for this experience. Art interpretation is subjective and complex, making it difficult to understand the complete intentions of any artist. Interpretations of Leonardo's works are varied and in our studies, we will attempt to use primary evidence whenever possible and the highest objective science when available. Our format for evidence will be primary, secondary and tertiary. However, some of these categories may overlap.
Why now? We have been preparing a journal article outlining some physical characteristics of Leonardo's works which we hoped would be published this year. Bree Walker (a tv personality and child activist) presented us with an opportunity to discuss our theories on TV and it was determined that this was the right thing to do.
stereotypes wax and wane. Approaching his works with a fresh view requires an open mind and a willingness to accept the transparent. During the process some revelations will be obvious, while others may be controversial. A most fortuitous revisit of his hand studies has led to the conclusion that both the weary hand sketch and the left hand of Jesus Christ in The Last Supper are examples of syndactyl or synpolydactyl hands.
NellâUltima Cena, Cristo Ã¨ raffigurato con la mano sinistra caratterizzata da malformazione congenita, definita sindattilia.
Why Leonardo da Vinci depicted Jesus Christ with an anomalous âLeft Handâ?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.299458
Retrieved Text: This week on NWGLS, Host Nathan is gone again, but Katie fills in for us! the nerds play a little thing we like to call "TJ is Pissed" where we throw out topics and hear if they piss of TJ or not. They also discuss some things that have "changed their lives!" Sit back, grab a drink, relax and let us do all the work this week!
This week the nerd crew are down on host, as Nathan isn't able to make it to podcast. Fortunately Katie is able to come and fill in! They discuss their nerd news this week, their NerdOns and then they unbox tons of stuff! From Heroclix to Funkos and Hot toys! It all happens here!
This week NWGLS record live, they discuss Wrestlemania with guest Josh on Charles' Wrestling Corner, and also get into discussions on plenty of the newest Nerd News.
Has the new Spider-Man name been leaked?
Will MCU characters show up in Spider-man film?
This week 1/2 the nerds abandon ship to watch Wrestlemania. The rest of the nerds call in Dephanie and discuss the news, read from the mailbag, and talk about their Nerd Ons.
Suicide Squad re-shooting for more "funny"

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.283998
Retrieved Text: Podcast 14 -Czech this out! Teach and Live in the Czech Republic. – CHEERS TO EDUCATION!
Podcast 14 -Czech this out! Teach and Live in the Czech Republic.
Bob and I had a great week. Not only are we preparing to go home for the holidays, but we also finished a collaboration with Caleb and subsequently a new podcast. In this week’s podcast on teaching abroad, Caleb will discuss the ins and outs of working and living in the Czech Republic. He provides valuable resources and tips for assimilating into Czech culture, and even walks you through the employment process.
Caleb also takes a moment to discuss culture fatigue, an experience that happens after culture shock. See Caleb’s recent presentation on culture fatigue on Youtube here. You can also find him on Twitter.
Facebook groups “CrowdSauce” and “Jobs for Foreigners in Prague.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.254578
Retrieved Text: Outfielders need to make split second decisions about where to throw the baseball. This article discusses what factors you need to consider so that you’ll be ready to go at game time.
NY Yankee, Greg Golson, throws the ball from outfield. Image by Frank Lauri.
1. The rule of thumb is you should throw 2 bases ahead of where a runner starts. This applies on a ball that you can get to, that doesn’t get past you.
No one on, base hit to any outfield spot, the throw would go to 2nd base.
Runner at first base, base hit to any outfield spot, the throw would go to third base.
Runner at 2nd base, base hit to any outfield spot, the throw would go to home plate.
2. Most of the time, you throw 2 bases ahead of the lead runner.
Runner at 1st base, base hit to any outfield spot, the throw would go to third base.
Runner at 1st and 2nd base, base hit to any outfield spot, the throw would go to home plate.
3. It is very important to keep your throws low enough that a cut off man can make a play and re direct the ball to another base, if he needs to. This keeps the double play in order, which is always very important.
4. Keeping your throws down will force the runner to make a decision. He is not sure if the cut off man is going to cut the ball or not, and therefore will most likely stay at his base and not try to advance. If

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.233917
Retrieved Text: These last couple of days have been pretty interesting.
I had the opportunity to meet with a pastor from another faith. It was really interesting too because previously we had met him and had scheduled a time but for some reason we never met up and I had not cared too much to see him but then one day Elder Au just had this feeling to go to this village called Lung Gu Taan. Now this man lives there with his family and when we were there I saw his house and didn’t want to bother knocking on his door. He is really nice but he is pretty dedicated to his belief.
Our time there was kinda of a bust until we were leaving then we saw this man and his family pull up in there car. So we spoke for a second and he was super nice and wanted to meet back up. It struck us at this point that maybe that’s why we needed to go to Lung Gu Taan. So that time was last Friday. When we first met him he had posed the question how can someone read the gospel of John–he said its his favorite book–and be led to believe in our church then he told us to study it. Well this is pretty funny cause his name is John Johnson. But I added that to my study and man I never been more convinced that someone with the gift of the spirit can led to believe more deeply that this gospel the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.153639
Retrieved Text: In this first of two interviews I speak with Olympic photographer Jeff Cable. We discuss how he is preparing to shoot this historic event. What gear he’s taking, and how he is mentally preparing to capture shots of the best athletes on the Earth. The second interview will be recorded after he returns from South Korea — we’ll talk about how it all went.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.127716
Retrieved Text: "Horse" We had many happy times on the football field. You backed me up and made me look good. You were " the Man" and will be sorely missed by everyone you came in touch with.
Going to miss you "Horse"
I have fond memories of our days at school.
Thinking of you at this sad time. Knowing Wayne was loved so much by so many and will be dearly missed!
Remembering how gracious and wonderful he was when our group of girlfriends came to visit years ago.... preparing an amazing brunch for us. You could see how he lived life to the fullest and loved you sooooo much Sharon!
We were very sad to hear about Wayne's death. He was a lovely man. We are thinking of you all and send our condolences to Sharon and family members.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.093134
Retrieved Text: We love the story of the older man looking across the pond at a younger man fishing.
It was sorta strange: If he caught a real big fish he would throw it back, but he would keep a smaller fish.
After watching this go on for about an hour, the older man went to the younger.
I have never seen anyone fish like this before.
You throw the big ones away, you keep the smaller ones.
The young man replied, you do not understand.
I only have a small frying pan.
Oh, but sad, we know a lot of people like this.
They only take in what their expectations are.
And we know a lot of people who their expectations have expired.
Get a bigger frying pan!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.074717
Retrieved Text: The Ballad of Ball-O – Hi Blog! I'm Dad.
On Saturday night, my daughter called me and my wife upstairs to see a great game she had invented. As I trekked up the steps, I hoped, deep down, that it would be worth the trip. I’ve been burned before.
Olivia has been inventing games since she could walk. Many involve hopping from floor tile to floor tile and awarding points based on, well, I have no idea. That’s the depth of it. “Levels”, as she called it then, was basically watching her bounce around the kitchen on one leg and offering confused applause. Milton Bradly have nothing to worry about.
Saturday, though, things were different. I knew they would be because her latest creation involved “Ball-O”, her rubber pink handball. Whenever Ball-O is involved, the stakes get raised and this was no exception. We were both handed tiny plastic cups and were tasked with trying to catch Ball-O on a bounce. It was all very involved. There were fouls, points, and official rules about where the players should stand. It was surprisingly detailed and well thought-out. This one should at least give Milton reason to worry. Bradly too, if he’s smart.
With so many people complaining about the 21st century digital kids plugging themselves into distractions, it makes me happy to know that Olivia has a basic rubber ball as one of her favorite creative toys. She uses it for traditional games and then twists them to invent her own. There’s the fostering of creativity, exercise, and all sorts of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.059555
Retrieved Text: "Blake Mitchell played as good a half of football, except for one throw, as any quarterback I've ever had. He was 15-for-20 until that last throw. For us to beat them, he had to play perfect and he didn't."
"Sidney and Kenny had a marvelous game. Freddie Brown and those guys deserved to walk off the field a winner. As a team we're not where we need to be. But anyway, our guys played well. (Arkansas)is a lot better than us. We're 5-4 now, have three left and we'll see what happens down the road."
"Blake is a good passer. He was relaxed. They played man-to-man almost every down, and he throws a good fade and a good slant. At the end they switched and said `We have to play zone, we can't play man-to-man anymore,' and he threw it right to them. He had 213 yards so he was playing beautifully until the last play."
"Our guys played their hearts out. They flied around making tackles. I'm not being critical on our team, but to win against good competition you can't keep doing what we're doing."
"(Cory Boyd) missed a couple of practices and Mike was ready to play. He had some good runs in there. We wish he could've had 25 to 30 rushes like McFadden and Jones had."
"We'll get this behind us and try to correct what we can. We'll try to teach the DB's to bat Hail Marys down at the end of the half and the end of the game. If we play smart we

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.05208
Retrieved Text: This faithful cultivator has seen generations of use and has not been improved upon.
Welcome to the back third of our property. I don't often take you there because that's where the vegetable garden, barn and chickens reside and personally I don't find it as attractive as the flowers. Not everyone agrees I know. Also it is the domain of the hardworking guy shown in the photo so I really can't take credit for much of what you see although I do play a small role in the planting and harvesting with a larger role in preparing and preserving of the bounty. The weeding, though, is all him and an admirable job he does.
There is beauty in the vegetable garden.
Here's the problem with most recipes for sandwich (or hamburger) buns. They make too many. Dozens of buns. That's great if you're having a party or a family reunion, but what if its just ma and pa on the old homestead? Throw in a kid or two if you want and that's still a lot of buns.
The weather is balmy and pleasant. The garden is thriving, but so are the weeds. I'm on summer break with the luxury of a little extra time. There's plenty to do in the garden (and you know I love working in the garden), but I'm not spending much time there. The curse of the hungry mosquitoes is holding me hostage.
This is the man I am blessed to call my dad. Yes, he's a good man and here are a few of the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.993195
Retrieved Text: A friend of mine was walking down a deserted bench at sunset. As he walked along, he began to see another man at a distance. As he grew nearer, he noticed that the native kept [caning down, picking something up and throwing it out into the water.
As my friend approached even closer, he noticed that the man was picking up starfish one at a time, that were thrown on the beach with the waves and he was throwing them hack into the water.
My friend was puzzled. He approached the man and said, "Good evening, friend. I was wondering what you are doing."
"I'm throwing these starfish hack into the ocean," said the man. "You see, it is low tide right now and nil of these starfish have been washed up onto the shore. If I don't throw them back into die sea, they'll die up here from lack of oxygen."
"I understand" my friend replied, "but there must be thousands of starfish on this beach, You can't possibly get to all of them. There are simply too many. And don't you realize this is probably happening on hundreds of beaches all up and down this coast. Can't you see that you can't possibly make n difference?"
The native man smiled, bent down and picked tip yet another starfish, and as he threw it back into the sea, he replied 'Made difference to that one didn't I?
There are millions of little things we can do, without making much effort, to make this world a better place.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.977129
Retrieved Text: Breaking News Roy Moore Accused Of Molesting Underage Girl. Republican candidate for the US Senate Roy Moore has been accused of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old in 1979. John Iadarola, Jayar Jackson, and Mark Thompson, the hosts of The Young Turks, discuss. Tell us what you think in the comment section below. “Leigh Corfman says she was 14 years old when an older man approached her outside a courtroom in Etowah County, Ala. She was sitting on a wooden bench with her mother, they both recall, when the man introduced himself as Roy Moore. It was early 1979 and Moore — now the Republican nominee in Alabama for a U.S. Senate seat — was a 32-year-old assistant district attorney. He struck up a conversation, Corfman and her mother say, and offered to watch the girl while her mother went inside for a child custody hearing.
Previous Previous post: Thando Radio Show: Cryptocurrencies: Should They Be Apart Of Our Preparing For Future Events?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.933558
Retrieved Text: A big part of sailing takes place on the water (I know – DUH! – right!?!). So part of preparing for our big adventure is seeing if mini-man likes the water. If he didn’t, it could derail our plans to sail around the world.
I grew up in San Diego and have always loved being in the water. Hoping that mini-man inherited my love of the water, we took him to the pool.
I wasn’t too optimistic, he is only three months after all. At most, I had hoped to get his feet in the water. I was nervous with him being so young that he might not do well or that he may need lessons in order to be in the water. What happened blew me away.
Over the next hour, mini-man went from having his feet in the water to full on swimming. At one point, we put him in his life preserver to see if it would help him, but it only held him back. As you can see in the video, he had the time of his life and the only thing holding him back was us (I’m not quite ready to let him put his head under the water). He played for hours in the water and by the time we got home he was worn out.
We have since moved his bath into the tub with one of us so he can kick and swim to his hearts delight (and bonus – it tires him out very fast!).
I am beyond thrilled that mini-man loves

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.882652
Retrieved Text: The claim was made during an inquest into the death of Eddie Doherty in Belfast in 1971.
A former soldier has denied he “embellished” his account of an incident in 1971 to justify his decision to open fire.
The ex-Royal Engineer, who has been granted anonymity, was giving evidence at Belfast Coroner’s Court on Tuesday during an inquest into the death of Eddie Doherty, 31.
The father-of-four died after he was shot close to a barricade in west Belfast on August 10, 1971.
The former soldier, referred to as M3, has given evidence that he fired a single shot at a man who had thrown two petrol bombs at him and had been preparing to throw a third.
He has also claimed that he saw a man with a gun in the area, and fired a “burst of four shots” in his direction.
Counsel for the Doherty family, Fiona Doherty QC put it to M3 that he has embellished his evidence to justify opening fire, pointing to inconsistencies between a number of statements he has made over the years.
“I am going to suggest to you that you are aware the more aggressive and belligerent this person seems to be from your account, the more support there will be for your decision to open fire,” she said.
M3 denied this was the case.
The inquest previously heard M3 say it was possible the shot he fired had not hit the man with the petrol bomb, but a bystander instead.
“It could be,” M3 told the inquest.
Mr Doherty’s family have insisted he was innocent and have spoken

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.87039
Retrieved Text: As the trio became a quad, they started looking for Wily, but on the very loud speakers, Mega Man, Layle, Keiss, and Netko heard: "NYA HA HA HA HA! I HAVE NOT ONLY REBUILT THE 6 YOU DESTROYED, BUT I ALSO MADE 8 NEW ONES!" "That sounded like Wily! Eardrum blowing..." shouted Mega Man. Cut Man then came down. "I had to flee last time, but now you will die!!" yelled Cut Man in anger. "Bring it, Cutty!" taunted Mega Man.
"Your siserors are blunt, like your brain."
Layle charges toward Cut-Man and crystal punchs him for 10 damage. Keiss charges also but fires his gun for 10 damage.
"I got a new cut up my sleeve!" giggled Cut Man as he turned his feet into scissors, and kicked Netko 3 times! 12+14+17=41 damage! "Let's see you handle your OWN weapon!" smiled Mega Man as he used Cut Boomerang. 18+16=34(x2 for weakness)=68 damage! "Da**!" yelled Cut Man.
Layle charges at cutman crystal punching him and keiss throws a knife for 10 damage each.
"You'll pay for that, Mega Twerp! I will slice an-" began Cut Man, but Mega Man interupted, and yelled "YEAH YEAH YEAH. WE ALL KNOW." "Okay, Mega Twerp!" snarled Cut Man as he turned his feet into scissors again, and this time hit Layle 3 times for 11+13+18=42 damage! Mega Man used the Cut Boomerang again, dealing 15+20=35 (x2 for weakness)=70 damage to Cut Man.
"Hope you like your circuits fryed, Chaos LIGHTNING!!!!!!!"
Layle runs to Guts Man. "Let's go Tubby, or should i say Rosie o Donnel!." Layle crystal

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.731838
Retrieved Text: A long time ago in a far off land named Connecticut, a tall thin man stuck out this thumb. Cars whizzed by, carrying with them the whole range of typical reactions to spotting a hitchhiker: aloofness, guilt, mocking superiority, embarrassment, judgment, disdain, indifference. Little did they know. Little indeed.
The day grew hot. Drivers zooming past caught a blurry glimpse of the man stretching deeply and smiling broadly, as if he was preparing himself for something. If they’d passed by much more slowly, they’d have caught the twinkle in his eye and heard the crackle of his laughter as he arched his back, spread his hands to the sky, and began to dance.
Car after car after car after car they all drove by, but the man kept dancing and smiling. They laughed, they rolled their eyes, they glowered, but he kept dancing.
And then: sssssSSHSHSHSHHHHHH! A steaming car crested the hill with a cloud in tow. The car slowed, gravel crunching as it pulled over, just a stone’s throw from the hitchhiker’s asphalt dancefloor.
The hood release popped with a familiar “crr-chnk!” as the tall thin man approached the car.
“Need some help?” The hitchhiker said with a smile to the car’s emerging driver.
“Blasted radiator hose keeps coming loose,” the driver grumbled back.
The hitchhiker grinned, thrust his hand into his knapsack, and pulled out his canteen and a spool of purple thread. He pulled the hood open, poured the rest of his water into the radiator, reattached the hose, and wound his purple thread around the joint, cinching it tight.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.731117
Retrieved Text: "I'm a Red Sea Pedestrian, and proud of it!" Brian in The Life of Brian.
Ah remember the good ol' days when the Red Sea Pedestrian Foreskins were called the Redskins. Those were such simpler times. Red Sea Pedestrian Foreskins GM Bruce Allen recently held a press conference to discuss the “Kurt situation”, which is similar to the “Bonnie Situation” but different. Redskin is listed as an ethnic slur for a Native American by Wiki. On Wiki the term redskin is right alongside injun and squaw. Shockingly Throwcahontas, our nickname for Sam Bradford, didn’t make the list.
Cousins won’t play for the Pigskins for long. He’s more of a rabbit, like Brer Rabbit. He has said he’s “evaluating” the organization before he makes a counter. That’s code for, “Are you kidding me? Sign long term with a team where the GM doesn’t know my name?” Next season he will again feign anger at being franchise tagged. “Please don’t franchise me at $22 million for one season. I hate to quote my man Latrell, but I got a family to feed. And please don’t throw me in the briar patch either.” That Kurt Kirk, he’s a Waskly Wabbit.
[i] . We got that name from the offensive terms for Jewish people on Wiki, though we added the Foreskins part.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.672228
Retrieved Text: An item linked by my Chief Indianapolis Correspondent (this one) caught my attention last night, and gave me something to pray on. The essay, by a wise Evangelical, is on the lust for respectability. I know it so well. Embraced, this lust consumes us; rejected it returns again and again, and I would play the Pharisee if I denied its attraction.
Allen Guelzo’s article reviews the capture of Evangelical Christianity in those USA, by the forces of politically correct respectability, in the course of the last generation. It explains why they are no longer “an embarrassment,” having learnt how to remain silent when called to the service of Our Lord. For contrast he recalls, from his own youth, a certain retired Professor of Apologetics, into whose motives he had inquired. Why had he recklessly devoted his whole life to philosophy, and Christian teaching?
“Why, to protect Christ’s little ones,” the old man replied.
The young Guelzo was gobsmacked, and remains so still; and I, too, am impressed by the profound simplicity of the answer. Here was that rarest imaginable thing: a man teaching in a university, disposed to truth and light. What a scandal! … But of course, it happened a long time ago.
And of course, such a man was hardly respectable, even then. Today, like Saint Paul, he’d likely as not be run out of town. There is no secular university on this continent that would dream of giving such a man a job, let alone tenure. He could learn to shut up, or he could seek another

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.658386
Retrieved Text: Sisoes was trained as an ascetic with Abba Or in Scetis. He left Scetis after the death of St. Anthony, saying it had become too popular and settled on St. Anthony s mountain for seventy-two years. He found it deserted. He received supplies from Pispir by a servant and was in touch with Rhaithou and Clysma. He reposed in 429 and is celebrated by the Church on July 6th.
10. One of the inhabitants of the Thebaid came to see Abba Sisoes one day because he wanted to become a monk. The old man asked him if he had any relations in the world. He replied, 'I have a son.' The old man said, 'Go and throw him into the river and then you will become a monk. As he went to throw him in, the old man sent a brother in haste to prevent him. The brother said, 'Stop, what are you doing?' But the other said to him, 'The abba told me to throw him in.' So the brother said, 'But afterwards he said do not throw him in.' So he left his son and went to find the old man and he became a monk, tested by obedience.
12. Abraham, Abba Sisoes' disciple, was tempted one day by the devil and the old man saw that he had given way. Standing up, he stretched his hands towards heaven, saying, 'God, whether you will, or whether you will not, I will not let you alone till you have healed him,' and immediately the brother was healed.
14.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.62892
Retrieved Text: Alexander, who says he is used to the trolls on the internet, was glad to see this side of humanity, where a whole community came together to make his dream come true.
An Australian man, who is only known by his first name Alexander, posted an earnest desire on Reddit to see ‘Avengers: Endgame’ as soon as he can, way ahead of its scheduled release on April 26, 2019.
The 33-year-old revealed on the Marvel studios subreddit that he was battling liver cancer, mouth cancer, and bone marrow failure, and one of the things he was most looking forward to in the last few months of his life is to watch the upcoming Marvel flick.
Revealing that he would leave behind a “devoted girlfriend and an adopted greyhound,” he turned to those reading the post to make suggestions in order to make his dream come true.
Soon enough, “Avengers4Alexander” started trending online. Over this period, he updated the post, at one point claiming that he received messages from people hinting that “Marvel higher-ups are aware of me and are preparing something” and joking that he now feels obligated to die before the movie’s actual release date.
Disney, which owns Marvel, reached out to Alexander to "discuss option."
“I cried when I read their email. It's everything I hoped for and I owe it to all of you,” the Aussie penned.
Alexander, who says he is used to the trolls on the internet, was glad to see this side of humanity, where a whole community came to together to make his dream come true.
"I

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.595276
Retrieved Text: It’s funny how things become routine. The routes we drive. The things we do. Even the people we see. The more routine they become the more they fade into the background. And the more they fade into the background the more they become normal.
That is until somebody sees that normal thing through fresh eyes.
Every sabbath we took the same rout at around the same time and we saw the same man. He was homeless and for me his homelessness was normal.
So I avoided eye contact, kept doors locked and only cracked the window enough to pass thru a just enough coin to absolve me of guilt while I worshipped.
For me he was just an adjective. A homeless man. But my son had fresh eyes. And to him he was a person with a name. A name we later found out was Tom.
“How can we throw food away when that guy goes hungry?” Silence! Cutting question. A question you ask when you don’t allow homelessness to become normal.
And so ever since then he makes sure we have a gift in the car for him. And this Christmas insisted that we put together a special gift not for a homeless man but for a man named Tom.
Maybe just maybe the normal situations around us are waiting for us to approach with them with Fresh eyes. And the adjectives we have attached to others are waiting to be replaced with names.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.586601
Retrieved Text: Moved beyond words, the driver tried to swallow the rapidly swelling lump in his throat. He lifted the young man back into the wheelchair and took out his handkerchief and wiped the scrapes and cuts, checking to see that everything was going to be okay. “Thank you and may God bless you, sir,” the grateful child said to him. The man then watched the little boy push his brother down the sidewalk toward their home.
It was a long walk back to his Jaguar…a long slow walk. He never did repair the side door. He kept the dent to remind him not to go through life so fast that someone has to throw a brick at you to get your attention.
God whispers in your soul and speaks to your heart. Sometimes when you don’t have time to listen, He has to throw a brick at you.
It’s your choice: Listen to the whisper – or wait for the brick.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.57128
Retrieved Text: Any of these things not done properly, it's a foul throw.
The newer referee is TECHNICALLY challanged to grasp the law in its absolutes and finds solace in seeing something he can easily find fault with as opposed to creating great foul recognition and man management skills with come only from making mistakes.
Personally I encourage good mechanics and will repeat certain things to the younger players as well as overlook the trifling variations of a poor throw versus an excellent one.
ONLY if the throw in is horribly transparent to all it was a mess, from the wrong spot and the thrower's team was benifiting from the FOUL throw must we intervene all else is we could but do we NEED too?
We could allow a player to take a throw with one foot just inside the FOP as he lifted his heel almost imperceptably ,that same player next time has both feet inside the field of play as he runs into the field we could stop have a talk and awarded the throw to the other team.
NOTE IF you are asked in law terms on a test paper a foul throw can not be overlooked! Within the context of dynamic play you can sell trivial or define the bending as doubtfull and as a fact of play it becomes uncontestable just be sure you know when and where to draw that line.
Look to FIFA q&A 6. After an incorrectly taken throw-in, the ball goes directly to an opponent.
Is play allowed to continue by applying the advantage clause?
No. A

================



======= Instance Index 622 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is shown on top of a roof. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is removing shingles one by one with a tool.

Ending 2: is peeling a lemon and mixing the juice into a jar.

Ending 3: is seen standing on a cane and putting on gear.

Ending 4: is pushing tiles with a tool.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.476177
Retrieved Text: Neighbors heard and then saw a naked male on top of a neighbors roof. He was removing the tiles and spray painting a raised area of the roof. When the 2 females told him to leave, the suspect started throwing items at them, assaulting them. They were not injured and ran away. When the Police arrived, the man was on the roof and started thrown roof tiles at them, hitting one of the officers. The officer was not injured. The man came down from the roof and started destroying anything he saw. He managed to tear a large rock/cement foundation holding a statue/water fountain and threw it towards the house. It has to weigh several hundred pounds.
He ripped a large ground-based air conditioning unit from the foundation. He threw tools, chairs, trash cans over the fence at officers. Officers pepper-sprayed the suspect and were able to detain him, even thou he was fighting them. A body-wrap was applied and he was sedated by paramedics. Officers stated that they believe the drug “PCP” was involved. The suspect was transported to UCSD Hospital.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.407454
Retrieved Text: Parents try to help us feel better. They give us medicine and water, and sometimes they sit with us and read to us.
Sometimes grown-ups get sick, too. Our story from the Holy Bible is about a man who was very sick.
We don’t know the man’s name, but he couldn’t walk. He had friends, though, and one day they carried the sick man to a house where Jesus was teaching. When they arrived, they found it so crowded that no one else could get inside. There were many people waiting outside hoping to see Jesus.
The man’s friends didn’t give up because they wanted Jesus to heal the sick man. They found a stairway leading up to the roof of the house and carried the man up to the roof.
Now, imagine you are with Jesus inside the house. Jesus is teaching and people are sitting on the floor, or in chairs. People outside are leaning in windows to get a glimpse of Jesus. All of a sudden, dust and pieces of dried mud began to fall from overhead. Jesus stops talking and looks up as a hole appears in the roof. You can see the sky and clouds. Some men are standing on the roof. They pick up a man and ease him through the hole in the roof.
You look at Jesus. What will he say? What will he do?
Jesus said, “… your sins are forgiven you” (v. 5). Jesus went on to say, “I tell you, arise, take up your mat, and go to your house” (v.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.393188
Retrieved Text: "From sea to shining sea." "I pray to Heaven to bestow the best of blessings on this house and all that shall inhabit it...May none but honest and wise ever rule under this roof. John Adams." "Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Abraham Lincoln." Model stitched on 32 Ct. Heroic linen by Picture This Plus with DMC floss. Stitch Count: 329 x 189.
"I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives. I like to see a man live so that his place is proud of him. Abe Lincoln." Model stitched over 2 threads on 32 Ct. Tin Roof linen with Classic Colorworks and Weeks Dye Works floss. Stitch Count: 85x144.
Model stitched on 18 Ct. Fiddler's Cloth in Lite Oatmeal with DMC floss. Stitch Count: 119W x 114H. Color chart. Shown finished in a 10" hoop. Includes a diagram of the buildings and landmarks featured.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.961609
Retrieved Text: Designs Adapted from Indian Models.
While the ingenuity of the white man may make improvements upon the wick-ups, arbors, huts, and shelters of the native red man, we must not forget that these native shelters have been used with success by the Indians for centuries, also we must not forget that our principal objection to many of them lies in the fact that they are ill ventilated and dirty, both of which defects may be remedied without materially departing from the lines laid down by the savage architects. The making of windows will supply ventilation to Indian buts, but the form of the but we must bear in mind is made to suit the locality in which we find it.
The White Mountain Apache builds a tent-shaped shack (Figs. 29 and 32) which is practically the same as that already described and shown in Figs. 18 and 19, the difference being that the Apache shack is not covered with birch bark, a material peculiar to the North, but the Apache uses a thatch of the rank grass to be found where his shacks are located. Today, however, the White Mountain Apache has become so degenerate and so lost to the true sense of dignity as a savage that he stoops to use corn-stalks with which to thatch the long, sloping sides of his shed-like house- but by so doing he really shows good horse sense, for corn-stalks and corn leaves make good material for the purpose.
The San Carlos Apache Indians build a dome-shaped but by making a framework

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.142363
Retrieved Text: Rejoice when we run into problems and trials? Sounds to difficult to do right? If you are like me we try to avoid problems and trials if possible. But, if we will look at our life from God’s perspectives, we see problems and trials in a different life. God knows that we will never grow in character unless we go through struggles.
I am studying again about King David. David grew on the battlefield. He grew in stature and strength in battle. IN the battle he gained confidence and most importantly he grew in his walk with the Lord. The best of David came out on the battlefield and the worst came out on the roof top.
Why David was not out leading his army in the Spring as King’s did will always be a question. Kings went to battle in the Spring because the majority of these men were farmers and cattlemen. They needed to protect their land and their boundaries from the enemy. It is in the Spring when you plant your harvest. The Bible does not say why David checked out from leading and serving his people. I am taking some liberties here. Was it he was loosing his nerve since he was getting older? Well, that did not matter because all his victories were due to God. Did he get complacent because of the power and wealth he was given? Was it because he had seen Bathsheba before on the roof top? People in those days had flat roofs and had gardens on the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.081554
Retrieved Text: SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - Police say a 22-year-old window cleaner is dead after falling off the roof of a hospital building.
KDLT television reports that the man was washing windows at Avera McKennan's Prairie Center when the accident happened about 12:30 p.m. Saturday.
Police say he was moving scaffolding equipment when it fell over the edge of the building with him attached to a harness. The falling equipment pulled him over the edge.
A witness saw the man on the second floor and went to get help, but the man died from the injuries.
Police say the frame of the equipment was somewhat on top of him when he was found.
Authorities have not yet released the name of the man, who was not employed by Avera McKennan.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.077232
Retrieved Text: There is a white male with short dark hair. He appears to be in his early 20s. He is wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and an open jacket. His hands are in his jean pockets. He is walking away from stairs and a sign that reads BAR vertically up to down. It appears that he is on the top of a building.
The man looks to his left and starts to take his hands from his pockets.
The man looks to his right, takes his hands completely out of his pockets and adjusts his jacket. He appears nervous as if he’s looking to make sure that no one is around. Or perhaps he is looking for someone.
The camera has changed positions to show the man walking towards a car on what appears to be the roof of a parking garage. There is only one car, however. There are buildings in the background which suggests that the setting is a city. The space is otherwise vast and empty except for a streetlight with two lights coming out on the right and left sides. The streetlight is next to the car that the man is walking towards. The man stumbles as he steps forward on his left foot.
The camera changes position to show the man’s face as he looks up toward his right. We can say pretty confidently that the man is intoxicated at this point, as his eyes appear glazed over. He is looking at something that is close in proximity. It appears that he is looking at the streetlight

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.055408
Retrieved Text: Hyderabad: A businessman from the city was cheated by a fake website that promised him a rent of Rs 25,000 per month, for setting up a cell phone tower on his roof-top.
The man had deposited Rs 8 lakh before realizing the fraud and going to the police.
The incident took place in Bholapur in Musheerabad and the victim Suresh (name changed) had come to the Cybercrime police for justice.
Suresh has a roof-top space of over 500 sq yards. With a lot of space to spare, Suresh took to the internet to sublet his roof space for a cell phone tower. He ran into the website ‘www.towersjio.in,’ where he noticed he could get a rent of Rs 25,000 per month just by installing a cell phone tower.
He applied for one and was made to fill many forms online with most of his personal data. They had asked him for a security deposit at first, and then they needed Suresh to deposit money towards TDS, GST, clearance from the government and other taxes. Before he even knew it, Suresh was scammed off Rs 8,00,000. He then grew suspicious when he was asked for more money and approached the Cybercrime police about it.
A case has been registered and investigations are on to find out who the fraudulent account belongs to.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.967615
Retrieved Text: A substantially planar roof frame comprising: at least one rail, a front frame member, and a rear frame member. The at least one rail has surfaces suitable to permit attachment and detachment of accessories independent of roof top and side panels.
The present application claims priority to the earlier filed provisional application having Ser. No. 62/038,223, and hereby incorporates subject matter of the provisional application in its entirety.
1. A roof frame for a motor vehicle, said vehicle having a front end, a rear end, a cabin frame, a windshield frame, and at least one door on each side of the vehicle, said doors each having an upper edge, said roof frame comprising: two rails including attachment surfaces for both roof top panels and accessories, each of said rails having a cross section and a length and having provision for being directly attachable to the vehicle's cabin frame using at least two attachment points, whereby the roof frame receives suitable strength to accommodate roof panels and accessories mounted thereto, and a front frame member rigidly attached to the two rails in a perpendicular attitude, and capable of being affixed to the windshield frame, wherein said attachment surfaces are oriented to permit independent configuration of roof panels and accessories, wherein each rail provides a sealing surface for the upper edge of at least one vehicle door on the side of the vehicle, and wherein the cross section of the rails varies over the length of the rails to provide for an outward-facing surface that has a curvature, while an

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.936684
Retrieved Text: May 17, 2016 Courtesy of the Indian Design House or popularly known in the internet as in shape and single story, or two story, with a roof deck design.
Dec 30, 2013 For example, that green roofs are only for ecobuffs, they're high maintenance It later became a middle-class suburb, with the green-roofed houses becoming providing incentives to developers who design vegetated roof systems. for this roof deck, with sedum already grown in from a local nursery.
Apr 1, 2016 Geographic vulnerability of the Philippines against natural and man-made Build Change's house design for Aceh, Indonesia won a 2006 .. Hurricanes, cyclones, and typhoons are all the same weather phenomenon; we just .. More information about wood roof construction can be found in Chapter 9.
Rommell is a one storey modern house with roof deck that can be built in a lot Floor Plan Code: SHD-2015016; Small House Designs; Beds: 2; Baths: 1; Floor Budget Currency is in Philippine Peso (PHP). With the skyrocketing price of lots right now, you need to plan your future house to fit only the available space.
A dream-come-true house that's beautifully designed just for you! . front view deck and a multi-purpose roof deck that can easily accommodate ten persons.
More Than 80 Pictures Of Beautiful Houses With Roof Deck. March 31, 2016. Roof deck is Here are some ideas and house designs with roof top or roof deck 50 Photos Of Two-Story Luxury House Design Ideas Ideal In The Philippines.
Since they only focus mainly on design, they have to charge high so they can

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.890156
Retrieved Text: Mark 1:40-45 - Introduction Preliminary Concern: Why bother with Bible study?
40 A man with leprosy came and knelt in front of Jesus, begging to be healed. "If you are willing, you can heal me and make me clean," he said.
41 Moved with compassion,﻿﻿ Jesus reached out and touched him. "I am willing," he said. "Be healed!" 42 Instantly the leprosy disappeared, and the man was healed. 43 Then Jesus sent him on his way with a stern warning: 44 "Don't tell anyone about this. Instead, go to the priest and let him examine you. Take along the offering required in the law of Moses for those who have been healed of leprosy.﻿﻿ This will be a public testimony that you have been cleansed."
Jesus risks personal defilement in order to bring healing to a social outcast.
??? As seen both in this incident and throughout his entire ministry, "[t]he sorrows of the people are [Jesus'] own sorrows. He dearly and intensely loves the burdened ones, and is eager to help them."134 What classes of people does our contemporary society consider untouchable? What can Jesus' example teach us about reaching out to them?
1 When Jesus returned to Capernaum several days later, the news spread quickly that he was back home. 2 Soon the house where he was staying was so packed with visitors that there was no more room, even outside the door. While he was preaching God's word to them, 3 four men arrived carrying a paralyzed man on a mat. 4 They couldn't bring him to Jesus

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.684994
Retrieved Text: The Oklahoma Construction Accident on the campus of the University of Oklahoma that resulted in the death of a construction worker has been ruled accidental. According to an article released by The Oklahoman, the ruling from the state’s chief medical examiner came just two weeks ago.
The accident happened on June 18 at approximately 9:15 a.m. on the roof of Headington Hall at the corner of Lindsey Street and Jenkins Avenue. Investigators believe that the 24-year-old victim, who was replacing a section on top of the historic building for a local roofing company, slipped and fell four stories before striking the roof of a lower level. Witnesses and co-workers stabilized and administered first aid to the man before he was airlifted to a local medical facility. Unfortunately, he died from his injuries shortly after arrival.
Although investigations by both the man’s employer and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) are still ongoing, preliminary findings have determined that the worker was not properly secured with a safety harness affixed to tie off points on top of the building’s roof.
The Oklahoma Personal Injury Lawyers of J. Colbert Injury Law Firm say that a job in the construction industry is considered one of the most dangerous occupations that a person can have in the United States. That is why it is so important that construction workers follow all safety measures and procedures very carefully while on the job.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.656067
Retrieved Text: Saturday, May 31 was the third day of the Presbyterian Coalition, Cobb Habitat for Humanity build in 2008. This is the seventh article in this series, the first covering the Traditional Dinner on the Slab which includes a slide show of 25 pictures and introduces the future homeowner, Nicole Combs and her son Elijah. The second article is the beginning of a tutorial “ Habitat Tutorial, Preparation for Build“ which covers some of the intense preparation that goes on behind the scenes before the volunteers show up. The third article covers the actual first day of build: Habitat Build 2008 First Day – Walls Go Up . The fourth article is the second part of the tutorial, Habitat Tutorial – Part 2 . Look to the right hand column of this page and find Oldtimer’s recent posts for the rest of them or to put them in order for reading.
For those of you looking for the homeless veterans or homeless youth, this is also it. Click on one the links above the banner or on either of the two links in this paragraph, or maybe check out the right sidebar.
This article covers the installation of the roof shingles, Hardi Plank siding, and various other 3d day activities. From any slide show you can access various sizes of the prints for free download (instructions further down – “Getting Copies”).
Link to a collection of all Habitat pictures (2007 and 2008) organized one set per day!
The pictures shown here and in the slide show do not have the resolution

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.63894
Retrieved Text: Technosetbee’s top feeders are praised by beekeepers all around the world for their superior design and robustness.
It fits neatly inside the Technosetbee roof and takes no extra space. A lot of beekeepers around the world leave this top feeder on the beehive all year round. It doubles up as a hive mat and allows damp air to exit up through the vents and out the roof vents.
The bees have a 7mm passage under the white vent covers at each end of the feeder (as shown in the photo below) to take the syrup without drowning.
To refill the feeder, simply lift the roof and top up without any disturbance to the bees. Alternatively, a feeder valve can be fitted to the roof to avoid even lifting the roof.
The centre of the feeder is elevated 18mm to cause all the syrup to flow to a bee space under the cap at either end. This elevation allows space for a protein supplement to be fed to the bees under the feeder if required. Paper pie bags are used very successfully by some beekeepers.
The centre cap can be removed to allow bee access into the top chamber when feeding sugar crystals. This is very important over winter if you need to feed the bees without stimulating the queen to lay eggs. Wet burr comb can also be safely stored in these feeders so the bees can clean it out without any robbing issues. On the next visit, the dry comb is very easy to collect.
Can be used on any standard

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.570274
Retrieved Text: From the AAEC Editorial Cartoon Collection; Cartoon by John Riedell. Lady Justice, blindfolded, holds her sword upright in one hand and scales in the other. The scales are labeled, "Area" and "Pop." (population) and are uneven. Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren is holding the population side of the scale down with his finger. In his other hand, he holds a large sheet that reads,"Supreme Court ruling that state legislative bodies be based on population only." The cartoon caption reads, "Better take the blindfold off."
cartoon by John Riedell; Five cars are strung on the fuse to a liquor bottle. The object resembles a strand of fireworks.
From the AAEC Editorial Cartoon Collection. Cartoon by Eddie Germano. Republican presidential candidates "Rocky" (Nelson Rockefeller) and "Nixon" (Richard Nixon) are shown from the waist down. Only knee high are two of the vice-presidential hopefuls. "Sen. Brooke" and "Gov. Volpe" are shown glaring and scowling at each other from behind their respective candidates. The cartoon caption reads, "And in this corner..."
From the AAEC Editorial Cartoon Collection. Cartoon by Eddie Germano. A snow skier labeled "Ye voter" stands before a sign that reads, "N.H. primary" and looks out with uncertainty at the number of ski slopes before him. Each is labeled with a flag. They are: "Nixon Trails; Smith's Valley; Stassen's Slope; Scranton's Ravine; Goldwater Hill; Rockefeller's Mountain; Lodge's Lodge." The cartoon caption reads, "Giant slalom."
From the AAEC Editorial Cartoon Collection. Cartoon by Eddie Germano. Uncle Sam and a Vietnamese man wearing a "coolie" hat with a hammer and sickle on it

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.55786
Retrieved Text: A man’s over the top marriage proposal wound up backfiring big time when the crane he planned to use as part of the event fell through a neighbor’s roof.
According to reports, the unidentified Dutchman hired a crane to play an important role in the marriage proposal. The crane was reportedly supposed to lower the man into his girlfriend’s garden to surprise her before he popped the question, but unfortunately, his best-laid plans didn’t work out, and the crane wound up crashing through a neighbor’s roof. Initial attempts to remove the crane wound up making the damage to the house worse.
The man who planned the proposal was reportedly able to jump to safety, and no other injuries were reported.
Despite the circumstances, the man’s girlfriend accepted his marriage proposal, and police encouraged them to proceed with their planned trip to Paris.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.465994
Retrieved Text: Tyler is a great kicking prospect. Field goals are college ready off the ground. Shows great range. Kickoffs are a real strength. Also shows punting ability. Has all the tools to enjoy success at any college level right away. Does very well under pressure. A fine young man with a great attitude and work ethic. Outstanding D1 prospect.
Jonah is an excellent young kicker. Kicks with nice form and consistency. He shows great promise. A fine young man with a great work ethic. The future is bright with continued hard work. One to watch.
Bryce is a very talented young punter. A good looking athlete with a great frame and strong leg. He has shown great improvement from camp to camp. He will only get better in time. Could be special with continued hard work. Nice prospect.
Seth is a talented all around K/P. The lefty shows great potential at the punting position. He has a big leg and drives the ball well. He has shown huge improvement in this area as of late. Punts well under pressure. A very strong lefty punter that is proving he is one of the best in the nation. A fine young man with a great attitude and work ethic. Should also have a huge showing in Las Vegas this January and challenge for a "TOP 12" spot. Great prospect.
James is an outstanding kicker. A good athlete with a strong leg and nice natural ability. Hits a solid ball off the ground. Kicks with nice consistency. Kickoffs have also come on strong and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.440592
Retrieved Text: Dude Drove With Son On Roof! Mitt Romney Drove With Pooch On Roof! What The Heck?
"Houston police said a man was arrested on a child endangerment charge after allegedly driving around a parking lot with a 7-year-old on top of the car.
Police said Abelardo Araujo told officers he put his 7-year-old stepson on the roof of his car and drove around the Acres Homes parking lot so the child could get a good look at the automobiles on display at a makeshift car show at the location."
The child complained that he wasn`t able to see the cars, the step-dad could have told the kid to stop whining or he could have parked his vehicle and put the kid on his shoulders.
Maybe the dude wasn`t too fond of his stepson, and he was hoping for an "accident." Anyway, I`m glad the moron was charged with child endangerment.
What`s wrong with people today? This joker puts his young stepson on the roof of his car and takes him for a ride around a parking lot so he can see the vehicles on display, and then there`s Mitt Romney who strapped his family dog to the roof of his station wagon on a 12-hour drive to Canada.
Who`s the biggest idiot? I`d go with Romney, Araujo was going at a slow speed in a parking lot, but Romney was doing 60 mph on a freeway for 12 freaking hours. Besides, I like dogs a hell of a lot more than kids.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.429087
Retrieved Text: Continuity mistake: When John is arguing with the cyclist for putting the bottle on his car roof, the shots from outside the car show John's seat belt to be twisted near the middle, but when the shot is inside the car, John's seat belt is straight. This occurs back and forth throughout the scene.
Continuity mistake: After John finishes arguing with the cyclist, the cyclist goes to remove his bottle from the roof of John's car and John starts driving, pulling the cyclist along with him a few feet. When John and Kayleigh are watching the video of this later on in the episode, the cyclist is shown removing the bottle from the roof of the car when John drives away, but he is not shown being pulled forward a few feet like he was earlier.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.36944
Retrieved Text: Dead End Run is a 2003 film directed by Japanese cult film director Sogo Ishii, notable for Ishii's trademark flashy visual style.
The first episode begins with an extended scene showing a man desperately running through an urban landscape, before coming to a dead end in a dark backstreet ally. When he hears approaching footsteps, he attacks his presumed pursuer with a metal bar. He is shocked to find that he has instead killed a young woman.
However, the woman comes back to life, and sings and dances with the man in the style of a musical film, telling him how they were fated to meet and how tragic it is that their love has to be so short. Once again she dies, and while the man grieves over her body, his pursuer appears and shoots him. The man's and woman's bodies lie next to each other on the tarmac.
The second episode also begins with a fleeing man who gets trapped in a dead end, where he becomes involved in a protracted Mexican stand-off with another man. The scene is intercut with a similar stand-off involving two different armed men in the same location. Both stand-offs end with the two protagonists laughing at their predicament and entering a friendly embrace, before trying to shoot the other man. All the men receive gunshot wounds and die, their bodies falling in positions similar to the couple in the first episode of the film.
The third episode starts with three police officers chasing a suspect. The suspect flees to the top of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.314695
Retrieved Text: How to nail truss ends to top wall plate.
After you get the trusses lined up and ready to nail, how many nails do you use at each side and what location or angle on the wood do you nail them in?
Use 3-16d nails and nail them as shown in the picture above. Be careful not to split the end of the truss and it would be a good idea to pre-drill the end first before nailing.
This takes a little extra time but well worth the effort.
Another great way of attaching the truss end to the top wall plate is to use a simpson fastener shown in the picture above, which you can find at your local lumber store.
Some building codes around the country require the use of a hurricane tie, also shown above, to add extra reinforcement for holding down roof trusses in the event of very strong winds.
These hurricane ties came about as a result of the hurricanes causing so much destruction to roof framing members down south particularly in Florida.
The Simpson Strong Tie images above were obtained off doing a google search for Simpson Strong Ties. The product is highly recommended for attaching your roof trusses to the top wall plate.
Most building codes require an uplift connection capable of resisting 175# of uplift at the bearing of each roof framing member. (3) 16d nails will only provie approximately 90# of resistance, thereby not complying with the code. I don't believe that the photos shown of the Simpson connectors are intended for use as truss

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.284824
Retrieved Text: The man and two others may have been practicing Parkour, an activity that involves jumping from roof to roof, according to police.
A 23-year-old man injured after falling from the roof of a three-story building in Cocoa Village was possibly practicing Parkour, a gymnastic-style activity that involves jumping and tumbling from rooftops, police reported.
The Rockledge man continues to recover after suffering a head injury in the fall late Saturday from the darkened rooftop, Cocoa police reported.
Cocoa Police spokeswoman Yvonne Martinez said reports of Parkour taking place in the area have come in over the years intermittently.
"I wouldn't say it's chronic," she said. "This is the first I've heard of it. And so the injury is bringing some new attention to it."
Officers responded to a call of a man falling from the roof around 10 p.m. Saturday. When they arrived at 100 Harrison St., a three-story building that houses Edward Jones Investment Agency, Thai Thai Sushi Bar and Studio 13 Tattoo at State Highway 515 in Cocoa Village, Christopher Hobgood was "face-down on the ground," police report.
Witnesses of the incident told police Hobgood and two other men may have been practicing Parkour prior to the fall, Martinez said.
"We've had similar complaints of this type of activity in the past," Martinez said. "As a result of this incident that happened Saturday with the injury, they're going to go ahead and re-engage and step up in that area, educate the business owners that it's happening and (for them) to do what they can do secure their property."
Allie Newell, owner of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.22076
Retrieved Text: Bone panel, with an undecorated border, carved with vintage scenes. Two men with staves carry a basket of grapes from the vineyard, vines being shown far left and behind the basket. In a vaulted cellar, with a human mask as roof boss, a third man (to the right) rests two large wooden jugs on a barrel. A fourth man (far right) tastes the new wine. On the wall, a basket of fruit and a shelf with two horn or leather bottles; on the floor a large pitcher with a handle. The vintage is an early Christian symbol of salvation.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.218416
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time... there was a young man in New Jersey who wanted to put new cedar shingles on his roof. He always loved the look of it, and the last one served his family well. It had lasted 25 years. Wanting to maintain the memories of his old family home, he looked on the new inter-web to research the subject and to see if he could find any better pricing than his local dealers. The lumber yards didn't know much about the products and their stock looked a little rough. On top of that, they were charging a small fortune.
As the story goes, he came across WoodRoof.com and decided to give them a call. They sounded like they knew what they were talking about. After the first 5 minutes on the phone, all his questions were answered, he had a good idea of the cost and all that was involved. He said to himself, "Holy crap, that guy is a cedar shingle guru."
Jumping ahead in the story, (the shipment and delivery went without a hitch) it was time to climb on the roof. He wanted to do it right, so with the New Roof Manual from the Cedar Shake and Shingle Bureau by his side, the nails started to be hammered in.
He was a city boy but had always loved wood. The product selected for the job was the same as the original roof - Western Red Cedar Certigrade® No.1 Blue Label 18" Perfections. He was struck by the touch and feel of these

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.194038
Retrieved Text: Long thin monochromatic image of a male figure. The man is shown in the bottom two-thirds of the image. He has a beard, moustache, and black hat. He is looking left. He wears gray robes and black boots. He has a sword on the left. His right foot is showing and his left hand. There is text at the top.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.140411
Retrieved Text: Officers attended the incident at Norfolk Close.
A man was involved in a five-and-a-half hour stand off with police after climbing onto the roof of a house.
Officers spotted the man suspected of being wanted on recall to prison inside a house on Norfolk Close in Clayton-le-Moors after attending on an unrelated incident.
When they tried to arrest him he fled onto the roof.
Negotiators were called to the scene just after 6pm on Wednesday, February 26 to try to talk him down.
DS Jennifer Lennon, of Lancashire Police, said the man threw tiles at officers before eventually coming down from the roof at around 11.30pm.
She said: “They had gone to the address and were made aware of the man wanted for a recall and other outstanding offences.
A 26-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage and robbery. He is currently being held in custody.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.13329
Retrieved Text: Thatch is now thinly and widely scattered throughout these two historic counties, which lie on the southern edge, of the Northern thatching tradition. Watling Street, the main boundary between thatching styles, skims through southern Staffordshire and cuts right through Shropshire. But areas hereabouts, on either side of the old Roman road, are generally similar.
Something of a local speciality, are the very wide eaves; often seen on thatch, in the south of both counties. Hinting at some influence from the Southern tradition. But rolled or boarded gables and a fairly angular roof shape, are found throughout. The use of long straw, once the main coating material, seems to have disappeared. However work in combed wheat reed, following an old style, is common; especially in Shropshire.
Shropshire has good groups of thatch, south east of Shrewsbury and around Ellesmere. By far the most thatch in Staffordshire, lies in the large village of Alrewas, north of Lichfield. Perhaps the best known thatched building, in this county, lies north west of the county town. Once owned by one of it’s more famous sons….
Izaak Walton’s Cottage at Shallowford, has had a chequered history, surviving near dereliction, two fires and five decades under tiles. The father of angling, would now probably recognise his old property. Except that combed wheat reed, replaces the traditional long straw thatch. It is now a charming museum, clebrating the author of; The Compleat Angler or the Contemplative Man’s Recreation. Published in 1653, only the Bible and Shakespeare, have had more editions.
Izaak Walton’s Cottage… Part of a farm, Izaak

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.048883
Retrieved Text: Unlike many characters in the movie that were once human but later became monsters, Quasimodo (aka the Hunchback of Notre Dame) was never a monster but simply a human with a physical deformity.
In the first chaos scene after Johnny enters the hotel (when he realizes the monsters are real) a fly is depicted with multiple eyes (like a fly would have). In all later depictions of the flies, they have human-like eyes, with whites and pupils, etc.
On roof of the hotel Mavis is looking at the sun with her eyes in shadow.
When Dracula takes Johnny up to the hotel room with Glen's trapdoor, there's no shrunken head on the door. When he escorts Mavis out, there's now a shrunken head there. This head also has the same voice as the head on Mavis' door.
(at around 45 mins) When Mavis and Jonathan are on the roof, watching the sun rise, the lower portion of the roof becomes lit by the sun first, leaving the upper portion in shadow. A real sunrise would light the roof from the top down.
When she is in the roof, Mavis can't see the sunrise because she's in the shadow. The chimney covers the sun.
Dracula, Frankenstein's monster, The Mummy(?) and The Invisible Man are in the car in the village of Transylvania. However, when Dracula speaks to a human dressed as Dracula the glasses of the Invisible Man are not seen.
On the roof Jonathan exclaims "Look at the view from here, you can almost see Budapest..." The film is set in Romania however,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.039978
Retrieved Text: Does anybody have a plan of a standard bunker chimney with the sizes marked on it?
"I had expected only ruins", "It's as if I had only left the bunker yesterday!"
Herr Engelbert Hoppe. M19 bunker Commander 1944/45 when he first returned in 2006.
Not sure of its origin but hopefully it may be of some use.
Do you mean the top of the chimney or the pipe of the chimney in the bunker ?
Sorry, I ment the top outside part.
Here some photo's of the top of the chimney .
First photo is the restored 143 near the Oranjemolen in Vlissingen .
What is the name / type number of these chimneys?
Hi this End of the Pipe ist called "Flettner-Aufsatz" like the Lüfters on train wagons.
the chimney; this chimney is not used as shown in the above plan (I guess this was aplied mostly for Regelbauten), this one's shaft is leading straight down from the roof to the below room without a grenadetrap. The protectionlid - top part - is missing.
It even has a datemark and factorystamp. Thanks to http://lemurdelatlantique.lebonforum.com/ I've already got an ID on the manufacturer; LGA which also made jerrycans as shown here http://sdkfz7.free.fr/man_lga.htm.
Anything known about size or dimensions? I build my 3D model without any size references.
There's also word of 2 versions. A smaller and larger one. Could it be that the larger one has 4 cross sections to improve sturdiness and the smaller one with 3 cross sections (like shown above).
ErwinZ wrote: Anything known about size or dimensions? I build my 3D model without any size references.
If

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.027546
Retrieved Text: Equal parts fun and function, this gorgeous bed will make bed time a bit more exciting for the kiddos! A fabulous Handmade Holiday gift that will keep on giving for years after you build this! If you prefer plans for the Twin Sized Cabin Bed or the Toddler Sized Cabin Bed, we got you covered!
// Refer to specific steps in this plan before cutting pieces – some pieces are cut with angled ends and their exact measurements may differ from the measurements listed below. Measurements listed below are PRE-BEVEL dimensions and the actual end measurements will change once cut according to specific steps.
/ Click on Images to expand. If a plan has images that are too hard to read, please let me know and I will reupload the images for easier reference.
Cut the pieces for Posts A and Posts B as shown.
Set the Kreg jig for 1-1/2” material. Drill pocket holes in the long side of Post A as shown. Assemble Post A to Post B as shown with glue and 2-1/2” pocket screws. Repeat this process again, but in a “mirrored” assembly as shown in the image. Built a total of two sets of these “mirrored” Post pairs.
Cut the pieces for the Side Top Rail, Side Middle Rail, and Side Bottom Rail. Drill pocket holes in the ends of all pieces. Assemble pieces as shown with glue and 2-1/2” pocket screws.
Cut the pieces for the Back Top Rail, Back Middle Rail, and Back Bottom Rail. Drill pocket holes in the ends of all pieces. Assemble

================



======= Instance Index 1884 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The credits of the clip are shown. a guy... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: stands smiling while his picture is being taken.

Ending 2: sticks his tongue out.

Ending 3: competes kick kicking a ball.

Ending 4: talks in an asian arts studio.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.527628
Retrieved Text: Super shot by Lewis Get a Comedians In Cars tee shirt! www.zazzle.com/comedians2cars_t_shirt-235261962683763123.
Jerry Seinfeld's web series. I think this episode is lacking substance, yet Jerry finds it really really funny.
clip from netflix show comedians in cars getting coffee.
clip from netflix series comedians in cars getting coffe.
This is a clip of Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee where Daniel Marshall's Golden Cigar is shown/mentioned.
Jerry's special guest is Michael Richards in the season finale of Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee.
Jerry Seinfeld chops it up with Aziz Ansari in the next Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee, and we have an exclusive first look!
clip from the netflix show.
Interesting take on Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee with Barry Marder.
Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee | Jerry Lewis HD | Netflix.
Here's a clip from Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee S9E5 between Jerry Seinfeld and Christoph Waltz.
Sam Kwasman as the product placement guy with Jerry Seinfeld. Kathleen Madigan and Chuck Martin.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.460852
Retrieved Text: Is Krys ever going to reveal his last name? Or are we going to have to wait for the credits of Twilight?
Maybe the credits will say "Krys Smokey-Desperado." I think I would crack up if they did that.
It's really bugging me that we don't know his last name. Haha.
samajama wrote: Is Krys ever going to reveal his last name? Or are we going to have to wait for the credits of Twilight?
Haha that would be brilliant for the credits! lol, Forever incognito as Krys "Smokey-Desperado"
"Don't forget those sparklin' day walkers!"
i remember seeing him in a post from one of the twilight moms a while back before she took it down, and i was like, "woah! he should play jacob!" Anyways, I can understand why he wouldn't want to give out his last name. People are probably already harassing him on his myspace. Poor kid.
Can someone post like a link of his picture? Pweeaseee. I don't know what he looks like.
I probably won't make any friends by saying this, but I don't think he is actually that pretty. I like Taylor playing Jacob, and I don't think that I could ever see someone else playing Jacob at this point. Sorry. I feel like such a party pooper.
He's really goodlooking. I could stare at him for..iunno, ages.
If you play with fire, you're gonna get burned.
OMG WHO IS THAT GUY?!?!?!? I dont agree that he'd make a better Jacob than taylor, but he will make an awesome embry. I really wanna know his last name so I can find

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.198172
Retrieved Text: Little known fact: Mad Men star and my future husband Jon Hamm launched his career by starring in a soap opera opposite Jimmy Fallon. Well, at least, that's what Hamm claimed during his appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon Friday, Oct. 14. (Of course, it was all some elaborate joke for the sake of The Tonight Show, but go with it, OK?) The two stars were even gracious enough to grant their audience a few clips from their turtle soap opera Dusk of Night that we all thought was lost to Hollywood forever — and trust me when I say, it is truly Hamm's televisual Sistine Chapel. But wait — what was that about turtles? Well, as Fallon explained, their soap opera's director was a "weird guy" but a "great director" who used to let his pet turtle drive around on set in a remote control car. Naturally.
Like all genius-but-eccentric directors, he also apparently laid down one unbreakable ground rule for his thespians: that even if the turtle accidentally drove into a scene, his Dusk Of Night lead actors should ignore the meddling reptile and carry on with the scene. Naturally, this inadvertently created a comic counterpoint in a show that, well, sounds an awful lot like Mad Men based off of Fallon's description of it as "two friends and business partners who always found themselves in extremely tense and dramatic situations." But, according to Fallon, this was a great opportunity for the pair to hone their craft, teaching the pair intense discipline.
Everything about

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.91458
Retrieved Text: Here are some clips from a two-hour video in BSL with graphics about Tax Credits. It was made in 2010, so some information has changed. If you have questions about employment and Tax Credits, please contact us. The whole video is available in a DVD copy.
A clip of the guidance for filling in the Tax Credits Application forms.
A clip about 'Income' on the Application form – benefits or salary.
Glossary definition for ‘Working Tax Credit’.
A section of the Application Form about ‘Work Details’.
An example of the Glossary section of the DVD.
A section of the video about the Income section of the Tax Credits Application Form.
Another example of the Glossary, explaining ‘Joint Claim’.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.797482
Retrieved Text: Marvel Studios released the first full clip from Avengers: Infinity War during tonight’s Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Awards. The footage shows Thor (Chris Hemsworth) meeting the Guardians of the Galaxy.
This is a slightly extended version of the clip that was originally shown at D23 Expo last July. The Guardians come upon Thor while he is unconscious and stranded in space, presumably after an attack by Thanos (Josh Brolin).
The video quality isn’t the best, but you can see it well enough to follow along with what’s happening. I’ll add better quality video later, should it become available.
As you can see, Star-Lord (Chris Pratt) has a hard time coming to terms with not being the most handsome guy on his own ship.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.561596
Retrieved Text: Avengers Infinity War END CREDITS SCENE Explained! (SPOILERS!) What was that symbol at the end of the Avengers: Infinity War after credits scene? We have all the answers here. Thanos better be quaking in his big purple booties when a certain someone appears in Avengers 4. Image: Avengers: Infinity War (Marvel Studios) Avengers Infinity War Post-Credits Scene. Avengers: Infinity War's After-Credits Ending Scene Explained -- What It Means - GameSpot Avengers Infinity War ending: Who did Nick Fury call? | Films | Entertainment | Express.co.uk Marvel Entertainment Summer Movies Share avengers infinity war end credits explained what is symbol captain marvel nick fury justice league AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Movie Clip - Captain Marvel End Credits Scene (4K ULTRA HD) Avengers Infinity War ending explained: Cast Avengers: Infinity War: That End Credits Scene, Explained Avengers: Infinity War End Credits Scene | What Happens, and What It Means Avengers: Infinity War end credit scene: What happened in dramatic after credits? | Films | Entertainment Avengers: Infinity War End Credits Scene Explained Last night, Marvel Studios held the world premiere of Avengers: Infinity War in Los Angeles. Those who were lucky enough to see the movie have been asked ... Before we get into the nitty-gritty of the 'Avengers: Infinity War' post-credit scene, we want to give you the opportunity to not read this article if you ... Avengers Infinity War end credits: Nick Fury call - who does he phone? Marvel didn't invent the post-credits stinger, but from the moment Samuel L. Jackson's Nick Fury showed up at

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.300026
Retrieved Text: Oh summer, how boring you are, with nothing to offer on television but reruns. For some reason I'm stuck in the rerun doldrums early this year. Last night I found myself trolling around YouTube looking for a clip of the Family Guy "ad" for Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man.
1. WACKY WAVING INFLATABLE ARM FLAILING TUBE MAN!
"Something, Something, Something, Dark Side"
Any given episode of Venture Brothers has at least one Star Wars reference, and I remember listening to a podcast (was it an episode of "The Sound of Young America"?) where the creators talked about the art and science of making a Star Wars joke. They pretty explicitly called out Family Guy, saying "You can't just say "STAR WARS!" and call it a Star Wars joke."
Read more about "Something, Something, Something, Dark Side"
Family Guy Episode "The Splendid Source"
This is one of the few Family Guy episodes without any secondary or sub-plots, and it did adequately well for itself for the first two acts. Unfortunately the plot collapsed in the third act, and the episode as a whole compares unfavorably with similar episodes on other shows. But overall, it was certainly watchable enough.
Read more about Family Guy Episode "The Splendid Source"
If I ever had any doubt that "Family Guy" is pandering to the frat boy crowd, "Quagmire's Dad" quashed those doubts. In a nutshell, Quagmire's dad turns into a woman, and everyone is disgusted. Because that kind of thing is SO SICK AND WRONG, amirite? Well, it is if you're a narrow-minded frat boy. And if

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.746992
Retrieved Text: A User Is Adding Weird Updates To "Get Up"
You guys have been great with addressing the problems I have on this front, so I hope you can assist with this.
One of the sports shows I update is Get Up https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7877780/.
I have been monitoring the show's site and Twitter feed to ensure all hosts and guests are captured accurately.
The last few weeks another user has been going in and adding lots of incorrect credits. They are changing character names and adding a lot of people who did not appear.
Since this is a sports show they are going to show clips of the previous day's games, matches or big interviews. This person is adding every single one of those brief clips as an acting credit, which is not correct, and will lead to hundreds of incorrect listings for the show and that individual.
In order for our staff to take a look can you post links to some of the episode titles that you recently observed the changes on?
All of the people with (archive footage) listed did not appear.
Thanks for posting the episode link, I can see that all the archive footage credits have since been removed. If you are still seeing credit errors on the site, please continue reporting them through our online Update form for our editors to review. In the meantime, I have reached out the contributor. Thanks again for your corrections!
I guess if (archive footage) credits are not allowed for sports talk shows, then all such credits I submitted for“Mike and Mike in the Morning”

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.6261
Retrieved Text: Gremlins Invade Pop Culture | Gremlins Online!
The new adaptation of Stephen King’s epic horror tale takes place partially in the 1980’s rather than the 1950’s of the original book. In a scene featuring Bill Denborough and his little brother Georgie, we get a glimpse of Bill’s very 80’s bedroom with posters for Advanced Dungeons And Dragons, and even Gremlins, which I highlighted on this still from the trailer.
There are at least two references to Gremlins in the Netflix Animated Series Bojack Horseman. One is just an off off the cuff reference, the other is directly regarding the rules.
The legendary man of a thousand voices (and even more sound effects) Michael Winslow in a stand up clip where he describes a prank phone call where he decides to be a Gremlin. Very hilarious clip! However, he claims he was Stripe in the movie Gremlins, but the credits claim that Stripe’s voice was done by Frank Welker. Possible mistake on Winslow’s part? or is there more to the story? Stay tuned! Thanks to Lucifer Sam for this great clip!
This is a clip from the American version of “Whose Line Is It Anway”, an improvisational comedy show. This clip’s game is called Hollywood Director, where one of the participants is the director who changes the style of the scene every so often to hilarious effect. In this scene, “rival biker gang leaders are facing off in a dramatic race……” We also get treated to one of the best gremlin imitations that has been seen on the show. The second

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.286587
Retrieved Text: Beyoncé, Noel Gallagher, Brian Eno and the session singer Merry Clayton are among the big-name guest musicians on the new Coldplay album, “A Head Full of Dreams.” But none can match the résumé of the amateur vocalist known as Barack Obama.
“We have a tiny clip of the President singing ‘Amazing Grace’ at that church,” Coldplay’s lead singer, Chris Martin, said in The Sun. The church reference is to President Obama’s rendition of the hymn during his eulogy for the Rev. Clementa Pinckney, a pastor who was killed with eight others in Charleston, S.C., this summer.
According to the credits for the album, which will be released Dec. 4 by Atlantic Records, a sample of the performance, as recorded by CNN at the Emanuel A.M.E. Church, will be included on the song “Kaleidoscope.” While Mr. Obama is not listed by name, the band credits the “kind permission” of Rev. Dr. Norvel Goff Sr., for the clip.
“A Head Full of Dreams,” the band’s seventh studio album, was produced by Rik Simpson and the pop production duo Stargate. Also listed in the album credits are vocal contributions from Gwyneth Paltrow, Mr. Martin’s ex-wife, and the couple’s two children, Apple and Moses Martin, along with Blue Ivy Carter, the daughter of Jay Z and Beyoncé.
Mr. Obama’s performance almost didn’t happen. The White House adviser Valerie Jarrett recalled earlier this year that the president warned her and the first lady Michelle Obama while in transit to the speech that he might break into the hymn. “We’ll see how it feels at the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.272
Retrieved Text: In addition to transitions, you can also apply a limited selection of special effects to your videos. This time around, there are six effects, all of which are color tone changes like Black and white or Sepia tone. By contrast, previous versions of Movie Maker included a wide range of effects, such as blurring, brightness changes, various color fades, hue changes, and zooms. Video effects work much like transitions. They're available from the Effects group of the Visual Effects tab in the ribbon, and you can apply one effect per clip. Note, however, that transitions and video effects are configured separately, so you can have one transition and one effect per clip, which certainly spices things up just a little bit. In Figure 12, you can see a photo that has been given a Roll transition and a Sepia tone color cast, animating into the preview display. Look out, George Lucas.
Figure 12. As with transitions, you're given only a handful of effects to play with.
If the paltry selection of transitions and video effects hasn't gotten you down yet, wait until you see Windows Live Movie Maker's titling capabilities. Once again, whereas before we had a wide range of options, now we have a much more limited set of functionality that is entirely in keeping with the application's transition to Web-based videos. So instead of separate titles and credits, we can now add one single-line text box per clip.
For example, say you're editing a movie of your vacation to Hawaii. You might add a title at the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.061577
Retrieved Text: This Mountain Tie Clip is a great accessory! This one is a perfect choice for someone who loves an adventure, a weekend rock climber or a guy with big dreams!
This can be personalized with a date or short phrase of your choice that can be hidden on the back of the bar in your choice of lengths and materials.
An aluminum, brass or copper base will be hand-stamped with the mountain image as shown and then formed into this tie bar. It can hold 10-15 characters on the back and measures approx. 1/4" x 2.5" or 1.5" when complete (may vary slightly due to the hand formed nature of this piece). This design is given a brushed finish shown in the photos. Aluminum is lightweight, but sturdy. It will not tarnish and is a wonderful alternative to silver.
** In the Message to Seller section - Please list the message of your choice carefully if you want something on the back. You can have 10-15 characters, depending on length. A small heart stamp is also available. The font will be the small uppercase shown in the photo of the back.
Perfect! Love the personalizedessage on the back.
Our groomsmen loved them for the wedding!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.06021
Retrieved Text: Danny Trejo knows how to be a bad guy.
In CROSS WARS, it is an offbeat, action-packed sequel that will be available tomorrow on Blu-ray, DVD and Digital Download from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
The superhero adventure stars Brian Austin Green, Vinnie Jones, Danny Trejo and Tom Sizemore.
Straight from the comics to the mean streets of Los Angelesâ€¦armed with a powerful ancient Cross amulet, Callan (Brian Austin Green) and his team of weapons experts battle local thugs and heinous criminals. When a ruthless villain named Muerte (Danny Trejo) threatens to kill Callanâ€™s crew, he and his team join forces with an all-girl crime-fighting squad led by Riley — who has an ancient amulet of her own! But Muerte is not working alone. He has resurrected the evil immortal Gunnar (Vinnie Jones) who has a plan more sinister than anyone can imagine. Can Callan prevent the looming apocalypse and save humanity? Itâ€™s enough to make a superhero all stressed out!
The bonus materials include commentary from director Patrick Durham and executive producer Gary T. Williams. It also includes Alternate Credits from the movie.
LRM has the exclusive clip from the film called â€œAn Understanding.â€ It features Muerte (Trejo) instructing his goons.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.999123
Retrieved Text: 28/06/2007 · I thought this would be a doddle: create a 4 min generated media black clip, add sony timecode and render. Import it into a new project and reverse the clip (reversing the clip in the first project does not reverse the timecode). Mask numbers not required (ie hours) how to clean out toxins in your gut Actual colour and dimension may differ from the images shown.
The use of colour on a CV in these industries can give the applicants a huge leap of advantage in standing out from the crowd. Modern trends Over the past few years, however, we have seen a steady increase in applications accompanied by more colourful CVs from all industries. how to add words to samsung dictionary It's layering with a mask. That's how I'd do it. Treat the closeup (big head) as LAYER #1. Mask off the right side of LAYER #1. Treat the midshot (sunglasses and headphones (SNH) guy) as LAYER #2.
Whats Up Guys, NooBGam3rZ Here! Welcome to another Sony Vegas Pro 12 Tutorial. In this tutorial I show you how to do the Pump and Flash with beat effect to include in montages. This effect is really cool and is used in many montages. It looks hard but in fact it is so easy! Enjoy!
7/09/2008 · This video shows you how to make an overlay effect in your video with sony vegas. No copyright infringement is intended no profits are being made. This is purely made for tutorial purpose.
17. Know how to split frames properly. We’ve all

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.969437
Retrieved Text: KELLY QUINN - Resume | 22Talent Co.
Fatal Attraction, Nashville, Death Valley Easter, The Dawning, Calibann.
Clip from Fatal Attraction (TV One).
Clip from Home Depot - Hunter Douglas commercial.
Clip from Duke Energy Smart $aver commercial.
Clip from Death Valley Easter.
ALL THINGS CONSIDERED, MORNING EDITION, NEWS AT NOON, etc.
M.F.A. Acting, University of Central Florida. B.F.A. Acting, Musical Theatre, Abilene Christian University. Some credits as Kelly Kilgore.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.965252
Retrieved Text: In this film a group of men, presumably Dominion Press journalists, views the Great Bath at the Roman Baths. In the second part of the clip the group visits recuperating Canadian and Australian soldiers, probably at Bath War Hospital.
In this film a group of men, presumably Dominion Press journalists, views the Great Bath. In the second part of the clip the group visits recuperating Canadian and Australian soldiers, probably at Bath War Hospital. Please note this is a lower quality duplicate of clip 1 above.
In this clip the Duke of Connaught, Queen Victoria’s third son and Governor General of Canada, walks out of the booking hall at Bath Spa Station with the Mayor and other senior military officials. Later he inspects the troops and salutes during a march past (possibly in or near Bath). During the Duke’s later visits to the city he stayed in a hotel in Great Pulteney Street. The building is now a block of apartments known as Connaught’s Buildings. (Clip 17 has similar footage).
This clip shows footage from the three-day Red Cross Fair held in Bath in 1917. Visitors to the Fair are shown enjoying the event in Sydney Gardens. The Countess of Waldegrave opened the event and is shown amongst the dignitaries. Speeches are given and children dance round a Maypole. (Clip 5 and clip 12 are from the same event).
This clip duplicates a clip from the film listed above of a three-day Red Cross Fair held in Sydney Gardens, Bath in 1917. Guest of honour, the Countess of Waldegrave, is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.859632
Retrieved Text: 1990-12-13 Assigned to POPULATION COUNCIL, INC., THE, 1 DAG HAMMARSKJOLD PLAZA, NEW YORK, NY 10017 A NOT-FOR-PROFIT CORP. OF NY reassignment POPULATION COUNCIL, INC., THE, 1 DAG HAMMARSKJOLD PLAZA, NEW YORK, NY 10017 A NOT-FOR-PROFIT CORP. OF NY ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST. Assignors: SANDHAUS, JEFFREY J.
Apparatus for implanting closable locking clips to effect the percutaneous occlusion of target vessels or tissue is disclosed, including a pair of pivotable jaws defining a clip retaining cavity, a clip moving slide for sliding a locking clip from a retracted position remote from the clip retaining cavity to an actuated position with the clip retaining cavity, and a camming surface operatively disposed within the clip retaining cavity so that upon slidable movement of the locking clip from the retracted position to the actuated position the camming surface causes at least partial closure of the locking clip therein.
The present application is a continuation-in-part of application Ser. No. 07/326,299, now U.S. Pat. No. 4,967,949 filed on Mar. 21, 1989, which, in turn, is a continuation-in-part of application Ser. No. 06/884,417 filed on July 11, 1986, now abandoned.
The present invention relates to apparatus for the operative occlusion of target vessels in a patient. More particularly, the present invention relates to apparatus for occluding the vas deferens during a vasectomy. Still more particularly, the present invention relates to apparatus for implanting disposable clips to effect the occlusion of targeted tissue or target vessels such as the vas deferens.
The procedures which are currently employed for the occlusion of target vessels during surgical procedures such as

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.656672
Retrieved Text: This week's episode of Family Guy included a clip from 1980s Nintendo video game Double Dribble showing a glitch to get a free 3-point goal. Fox obtained the clip from YouTube where it had been sitting since it was first uploaded in 2009. Shortly after, Fox told YouTube the game footage infringed its copyrights. YouTube took it down.
Just when you think you’ve seen every ridiculous example of a bogus DMCA-style takedown, another steps up to take the crown. This week’s abomination comes courtesy of Fox and it’s an absolute disaster.
In last Sunday’s episode of Family Guy titled “Run, Chris, Run“, Peter and Cleveland play the 1980s classic Nintendo video game Double Dribble. Peter doesn’t play fair though and exploits a glitch in the game that allows his player to shoot a three-point goal every time. The clip is available on YouTube.
Perhaps surprisingly the game glitch is absolutely genuine and was documented in a video that was uploaded to YouTube by a user called ‘sw1tched’ back in February 2009.
“This is an automatic shot my brothers and I found on the NES Double Dribble back in the 80’s when it was released. I know others know this also, but as long as you release at the right point it is automatic. The half court shot I took at the end goes in 80% of the time, but i didn’t want to keep recording….HAHA,” sw1tched wrote.
Interestingly the clip that was uploaded by sw1tched was the exact same clip that appeared in the Family Guy episode on Sunday. So, unless

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.59304
Retrieved Text: In late August, Adult Swim released an anime-styled teaser for the highly-anticipated fourth season of its beloved series, Rick and Morty. Taking inspiration from the short clip, the creatives over at Malec have just debuted a one-and-a-half-minute clip which features the show’s pivotal characters styled up like the famed Japanese animation style.
Portrayed as the opening credits to the series, both Rick and Morty can been seen travelling throughout the multiverses while they battle monsters and aliens. Other family members are also included such as Beth and Summer. Watch the clip above and let us know what you think in the comment section below.
In related news, Rick and Morty scoops first Emmy Award win.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.584167
Retrieved Text: Doctor Strange was definitely one of the Marvel Cinematic Universe's more self-contained movies. Besides a reference to the Avengers and the revelation that the Eye of Agamotto contained the Time Stone, the movie functioned completely on its own. Still, the Marvel minds couldn't help themselves, and Doctor Strange's first end-credits showed the Master of the Mystic Arts meeting with Thor at the New York Sanctum Sanctorum. With the Doctor Strange Digital HD release just a day away, a new clip has been posted online showing how this important sequence was created.
Thor himself, Chris Hemsworth posted the above clip on his Twitter page earlier today, which is a snippet of one of the bonus features included on the Doctor Strange home media release. In it, executive producer Stephen Broussard talks about how the Marvel tag scenes aren't always scripted out or even planned out when production kicks off. For Doctor Strange, its mid-credits scene was thought up as the Thor: Ragnarok script came in, leading to this "hilarious" idea of how they could show Stephen Strange officially coming into the wider MCU. While Broussard couldn't answer whether Thor and Strange had met before that moment, he did say how great it was to see that Hemsworth and Benedict Cumberbatch had good comedic timing, showing that they can do more than just act dramatically.
One other thing to note from this video is that there are a couple shots showing Thor and Doctor Strange standing up, and in one of them, Chris Hemsworth cracks up after getting hit in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.546043
Retrieved Text: Kiefer's latest trick was to sing "Silent Night" before a press conference for the U.S. slopestyle ski team.
A 22-year-old Fishers man who doesn't even play sports and is purely a behind-the-scenes worker has made another splash, or at least caused another ripple, at the 23rd Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
He has not arrived at "viral," perhaps, but he could be heading there — As of only Day Three of the games, Adam Kiefer, a graduate of Hamilton Southeastern High School, already had a nickname: The Singing Soundchecker.
Kiefer's latest trick was Sunday when he sang "Silent Night" during a mic check before a press conference for the U.S. slopestyle ski team. This followed his breakthrough mic check Wednesday, a spontaneous rendition of a Pink song in the moments before a press conference for Canada's women's ice hockey team.
As journalists and hockey players assembled, Kiefer stepped to the mic. "Sing a song," someone shouted. Into Kiefer's head jumped Pink's "Just Give Me a Reason."
He gave a jaunty rendition. He executed some well-timed though subtle head jerks. He remembered some — though not all — of the words. Someone shot video, and a 41-second clip wound up on the internet.
His "Silent Night" was similarly spontaneous. "I was put on the spot and was cycling through songs I know and 'Silent Night' was the first one to pop into my head," he told Indy Star in an email. "I always just roll with whatever comes to me."
Kiefer went to the games as a purely-behind-the-scenes guy. His job is to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.508125
Retrieved Text: ARE YOU THIS GUY? Perfect for the guy who prefers to carry only the essentials – must have cards, an ID and some $$. Sized to carry comfortably in the front pocket, Jack’s ID Bifold Money Clip Wallet offers traditional bifold functionality while holding just enough without the bulk. Guaranteed to turn heads with the vintage bronze Bottle Opener Money Clip!
MONEY CLIP WALLET FEATURES: Slim multi-card construction offers a combined card carry totaling 9 card slots – 6 Interior Card Slots, 2 Interior Receipt Pockets and 1 Exterior Card Slot. Exterior ID Window features a thumbhole cut-out for ease of license removal as well as a plaid menswear lining. Vintage bronze Bottle Opener clip with clamp closure.
FRONT POCKET CARRY: Designed to carry with metal money clip facing out with ID window against leg in your front pocket.
HOUSE OF JACK CO. LEATHER: Handcrafted from Full Grain Leather, House of Jack Co. wallets will develop a rich patina and character all its own. Simple, the more you carry … the better the wallet looks.
GIFTABLE PACKAGING: House of Jack Co. Gift Box and branded drawstring wallet bag included for gift giving.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.336302
Retrieved Text: Guy Pearce & Maggie Star In New Clip from Europa Corp's Sci-Fi Thriller ‘LOCKOUT’!
A new clip has been released for the forthcoming space-set action thriller Lockout. Produced/co-written by Luc Besson & directed by James Mather & Stephen St. Leger the movie follows an ex-government special operative [Guy Pearce] who is wrongly convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage against the US. The man is offered freedom if he can rescue the president’s daughter [Maggie Grace] from an outer space prison taken over by violent inmates. Peter Stormare, Joseph Gilgun, Lennie James & Vincent Regan also star. Lockout arrives April 13th. Hit the jump for the details.
I'm reading: Guy Pearce & Maggie Star In New Clip from Europa Corp's Sci-Fi Thriller ‘LOCKOUT’!Tweet this!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.328028
Retrieved Text: [ ] Install resistors R2, R3, and R4 as shown above on the component side of the CricketSat Circuit Board. R2 is 2.2MOhm (red,red,green,gold); R3 is 330KOhm (orange,orange,yellow,gold); and R4 is 18KOhm (brown,gray,orange,gold). Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Install resistors R5 and R6 as shown above. R5 is 33.2KOhm (orange,orange,red,red,brown) and R6 is the other blue resistor in the kit. It's value depends upon the channel number of your transmitter. Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Insert resistors R7, and R8 as shown above. R7 is 33Ohm (orange,orange,black,gold) and R8 is 680Ohm (blue,gray,brown,gold). Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Insert diodes D2 and D3 as shown above. Polarization is critical. They must be installed with the white stripe at the same end of the component as shown on the circuit card. Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Install the three 0.1 micro Farad capacitors C5, C6, and C7 as shown below. They are not polarized and can be installed in any desired orientation. Clip leads after soldering.
[ ] Insert and solder the IC timer socket and power switch as shown. Insure that the notch on the socket is oriented the same as on the circuit board diagram. Check to see that all 14 pins go through the circuit board before soldering. Carefully watch out for solder "bridging" between pins of both the IC socket / switch leads. Correct if any are found.
[ ] Insert the red LED in D1 as shown. The LED is polarized and must be inserted with the long lead wire in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.29447
Retrieved Text: For this weeks blog post I will be watching a 22 minute episode of the Simpsons as a case study to see what the RTBPM (references to birds per minute) of an average American television show is.
The episode I chose is season 27 episode 12, "Much Apu About Something"
- 00:05 - They show a clip of Mary Poppins flying through the sky in the opening credits when they could have shown a bird.
- 01:09 - They had a small montage of outdoors stuff and there weren't any birds in the sky in any of the scenes. Seems unrealistic.
- 07:22 - BIRD REFERENCE #2 - In the background of the quick&fresh supermarket there are "FREE RANGE CHICK PEAS", an classic twist on free range chicken.
- 09:53 - They point to a beehive in a tree but there are no birds nests in the tree. Seems unrealistic.
- 11:58 - BIRD REFERENCE #3 - There is what looks to be chicken parm on the table at an Italian restaurant Homer and Apu are at. I'm bothered that the first 3 references to birds are about them being food.
- 13:10 - BIRD REFERENCE #4 - Apu says "chicken vindaloo" to his nephew. Seriously? Another reference to birds as food? This isn't okay at all.
- 17:38 - BIRD REFERENCE #5 - A shot of eggs going bad in quick&fresh. Another food reference.
There were 5 bird references in 22 minutes. That makes the RTBPM exactly 0.22727.
It is extremely troubling that every reference was to them being portrayed as food. I am consider

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.282408
Retrieved Text: Guy Gets Revenge on His Cheating Fiancée on Their Wedding Day. WATCH! - Anung Bago? What is New? What are the Latest?
It’s hard to find out that the one you love had been cheating on you all along. And worst, your best friend was involved. This groom had a better idea on how a perfect revenge should be done! Conner, on their wedding day gets his revenge on his devious fiancée. His mother, as shown on the video also had doubts on the marriage of her son. Watch the video below: This video and its entire scene are quite awesome, especially on the part of the groom. That was the most splendid message of all! It was never clear where Conner gets the picture of his fiancée and his best friend but instead of getting mad, he had a very cunning idea on how to set scores by presenting it to both families on their wedding day. One good reason why he wasn’t marrying his fiancée: because she cheated on him. Credits to The Art of Travel for the movie.
Next story Charice Pempengco Shows Off SCULPTED BODY!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.277948
Retrieved Text: You can download & print My Little Coloring Book, a mini coloring book with 7 free coloring pages, complete with unicorns, sea creatures, butterflies & rainbows! Use markers, colored pencils, or crayons to bring the pictures to life!
I also have all of the clip art images in color for sale in Kindergarten Nation’s Teachers Pay Teacher’s store. There is a link to the clip art on the credits page of the coloring pages bundle. You can use the clip art on your website, blog, Teachers Pay Teachers products, and more!
This Free Halloween Coloring Pages Mini-Book is a spooky-fun activity that kids can color! Download & print 1 or 2-sided, then staple the pages together to make the mini-book.
Use as an activity for Halloween Parties or give them out as a non-candy option for trick-or-treaters!
These three coloring page bookmarks by Dawn Nicole are completely free. They are equally awesome for children or adults!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.206411
Retrieved Text: Credits is a single object shown as a watermark in the right bottom corner of any chart. It consists of four elements: text, tooltip (alt), URL and picture. If you want to customize any part of credits placed in your chart, you can purchase a license at AnyChart Website.
Tooltip is shown when a credits is hovered over. It can be adjusted with alt() method.
Credits acts as a link. By default it references to AnyChart Site. You can change it using url() method.
Logo picture can be adjusted as well. Use logoScr() method to set custom image.
Credits position can be adjusted only through CSS. There are three classes you can set properties to: anychart-credits to change credits position, anychart-credits-logo to change logo position and anychart-credits-text to change credits text position.
To disable credits just put this in your code, but remember: it will work only if you have a license key.
You can also use Online Builder located at AnyChart Download Page to create custom AnyChart binary files with the license key built-in.
To purchase a license proceed to Buy AnyChart page.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.156336
Retrieved Text: Jackpot 6000 is a slot machine made by Net Entertainment. This slot machine has a special story, this is actually an online copy of the slot machine named Jackpot 2000 that was placed in Norwegian stores and kiosks until year 2007 when they all got removed. A Norwegian guy named Morten Klein took one of these slots and brought them to Net Entertainment and asked them to make a copy for online use. They did, and it has since been one of the most popular slot machines in Norway. Later NetEnt also did the same for 2 other land based slots that where everywhere in the Norwegian market, Mega Joker and Super Nudge 6000. Jackpot 6000 does not have any bonus game or free spins, but all wins can be gambled in a super meter mode. During this mode the in game joker symbols rewards random prizes if two or more of them appear on the reels. The maximal win per spin is 600x the stake, and it's won by getting 3 jokers on a payline, or by the mystery prize that can range anywhere from 10 to 6000 credits. The RTP ranges from 95.10 to 98.90%.
Jackpot 6000 is a different kind of slot machine. It's has a classic reel setup of 3x3 with 5 paylines and there's no wild symbols in play. You need 3 of a kind on a payline to win, and all wins can be collected, gambled in a head or tail double up game where you have a true 50/50 chance,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.125784
Retrieved Text: A practical gift with personality, the Golf Bag money clip is perfect for the hard to shop for guy. Packaged in a gift box. Measures 2" long by 1" wide.
Wooden Accessories Company Money Clip: Keep your bills and cards together without having to use a bulky wallet by making use of our slim and sleek stainless steel clip wallet. With its high tensile strength, your cards and bills will always be held together. Beautifully Crafted Stainless Steel Slim WalletThe stainless steel has a polished finish and is laser engraved with a golf design making it look sleek and modern. It is then hand inspected here in the USA. Excellent Gift For All OccasionsKeep it or give it away. This money clip wallet is very useful and practical to give. It also comes in a beautiful packaging. Specifications: Design: Laser Engraved Golf DesignSize: 2.55" Long x 0.9" Wide x 0.3" ThickPlace your order today!
These accessory items were custom designed to perfectly seat your Parsaver Markers. Within the Parsaver Marker System, you have multiple accessories that are 100% compatible with your Crystal Markers. Money Clip, Key Chain, Hat Clips and Divot Repair Tool kit. Thank you for your interest and Get Lucky!
A unique opportunity to celebrate the home of the players. This slim but sturdy leather wallet are crafted from genuine TPC Sawgrass played golf balls pulled from the water surrounding the famed 17th Island Green. Hit by pro and duffer alike, the retrieval was witnessed by the Head Golf Professional or PGA Tour Staff. Magnetic money clip

================



======= Instance Index 2497 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: . various shots of a person running after dark... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are shown before the woman takes the hookah from her mouth and takes a puff.

Ending 2: continue as well as various dogs using obstacles to get to the finish line.

Ending 3: are shown ranging from the bridge onto a city as well as a long beach.

Ending 4: are shown as well as various popsicles and a girl laying down on the ground and walking around.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.915907
Retrieved Text: This is a video detailing the election campaign of Martin Gutierrez-Ruiz who was running for the 14th district councilman of Los Angeles.
0:00Copy video clip URL Open on a street. A sign can be seen saying “Martín for the 14th.” Judith Binder enters the house of Martín Gutierrez-Ruiz, and she goes around the house talking to people. It is apparently the last day of the election and they are doing one last push for his election. She then talks with Gutierrez-Ruiz and follows him as he walks to specific houses which have not voted yet. He talks about voter turnout and how Latino votes count for more than one person because many Latino voters are not registered for one reason or another. Many consider it their civic duty to get people out to vote.
19:58Copy video clip URL Cut to shot of Gutierrez-Ruiz on the phone back at his house. Binder talks with several other people at Gutierrez-Ruiz’s house before the party starts.
24:19Copy video clip URL Binder talks with a woman about her run-in with a cop.
24:40Copy video clip URL Binder talks with Gutierrez-Ruiz and his field director. They talk about the goals of the campaign, which were to get rid of the incumbent and to establish a youth force.
27:52Copy video clip URL Gutierrez-Ruiz’s field director continues to talk to Binder later on in the day after a cut.
31:07Copy video clip URL Cut to what seems like Gutierrez-Ruiz’s backyard where Hispanic music is playing and people are dancing It is rather dark and thus difficult to see. Binder

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.723719
Retrieved Text: Lethal Shots has an enviable pedigree from the start comprising of a management team of Recoverworld favourites and all round production geniuses Neos, Zach Zlov and Diego Morrill.
With a team like that you can expect the label to both hit the ground running and to continually procure track after track of dynamic productions from the leftfield side of dark trance.
Brace yourselves - as Lethal Shots does not plan on taking any prisoners!!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.220612
Retrieved Text: Two figures -- only 13% of shots fired hit, and only 34% of the time was the person being fired on hit at all -- aren't too astonishing. One of the revolutions in training came years back, when they realized that people were being trained in shooting from a good position at a well-lit target in a fixed location, when in fact gunfights usually occurred under conditions too dark to see the sights, while you were trying to take cover, the other guy was doing anything but standing still facing you, and your blood was full of adrenalin, often with bullets whizzing past.
I wish the blog master knew how to write! What the hell does this entry even say???
"Two figures -- only 13$ of shots fired him,"
I knew ammo was expensive, but 13$. Damn!
If you are going to use a firearm for self defense, then I would suggest that you spend about 30-40 hours a year (at least) in a really good tactical class that emphasizes stress and off hand and position shooting. I would also suggest that some of the time be spent shooting in the dark and with various lighting scenarios.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.91489
Retrieved Text: ENCINITAS, Calif. (KGTV) - Shots were fired at an Encinitas 7-Eleven store Monday night, damaging a window but causing no injuries.
San Diego County sheriff’s officials said the incident happened just before 11:30 p.m. at the store on 592 Santa Fe Drive.
Witnesses told sheriff’s officials at least one person fired two shots at the store, which caused the front window to shatter.
According to witnesses, a dark-colored two-door sedan fled the scene immediately after the gunfire. Witnesses were not able to see how many people were inside the vehicle.
Sheriff’s detectives from the North Coastal Narcotics and Gang Division are investigating the incident.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.380358
Retrieved Text: MS of a Humber Army Staff car driving past. Field Marshal Montgomery (Monty) is sitting in the passenger seat.
MS of senior officer pointing at map - briefing other officers. VS of members of Army General staff in unknown location.
Various shots of British troops coming ashore on beach from landing craft. Vehicles are landed as well as troops - they do to appear to be under fire. Shots of the landing operation. A lorry gets stuck and has to be pushed out of the sand. More shots of troops landing.
Shots of relaxed looking troops.
Motorised guns / artillery is off loaded on beach. A Sherman tank comes ashore.
Various shots of officers and men further inland. (Shots are dark in places - could be of Montgomery).
VS of troops around damaged Italian planes. They cut out the Italian emblem from the tail of one plane.
Poor shots of injured soldiers in hospital. The injured man chats to visitors.
Herbert Morrison opens a large building project in Hull - possibly the Humber bridge.
Item showing 'Seagem' a rig in North Sea which will collect natural gas.
A film to demonstrate the latest four wheel drive army vehicles - Tank, Truck and Ambulance.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.33964
Retrieved Text: During the winter when darkness rules supreme people ranging from Elementary School to adults have witness an unexplained phenomenon on the main road. There is a stretch of road after the airport going to the fire station where there are no lights for about a quarter of a mile that people have been chased by ''someone in black.
a person start running after then at a very fast speed. The kids started running and didn't stop until they came to light in front of the fire station.
person got ''chased'' by a ''shadowy person'' on said same stretch of road. No one knows what this thing is.
Comment by M: My daughter was babysitting and walked home late at night by herself. She had a strange feeling and looked behind her and saw a tall dark shadow between the main road by High School and 1st Road, so she started running. Half way between 1st and 2nd Roads, it got even closer even though she ran. Then she ran faster and up to the top of the stairs to our house. Then the tall dark figure was standing behind our truck in our driveway.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.334843
Retrieved Text: Full title reads: "London. First on the Scene ... First on the screen! Pathe Gazette presents first pictures ever taken of a fire at night and in a dense fog, by aid of the floodlights, used for first time!"
Various dark shots of London firemen working to put out a fire. Most shots are just firemen silhouetted against floodlights.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.246178
Retrieved Text: After my driving lesson, I drove Tom to Hamble and we enjoyed pork fajitas by the waterside.
The pork is from Mum 2's pigs, and it is delicious. It is odd as a town bred person to eat something I've seen running around, but somehow also very joyous.
Please also enjoy the gratuitous shots of daffodils.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.956533
Retrieved Text: I am pretty new to AP and still learning my way around. I need some advice on how to handle an alignment problem. i’ve shot a moonrise over the skyline of a big city. The moon was almost full and very low in the sky, just over the top of the skyscrapers. It was 40 minutes after sunset, so it was already quite dark. So, I took about 8 shots at various shutter speeds so that I would have several bracketed around the correct exposure for the moon and several more bracketed around the correct exposure for the skyline. With so many shots, and with the extra delay for mirror lockup for each shot, it took over a minute to snap all the photos. As a result, the moon moved quite a bit over the set of shots. if I don’t auto align, then the buildings stack perfectly and make a very nice hdr composite, but the moon is a disaster. If I manage to get them to align the moon, then the buildings would become blurry. in a perfect world, i guess I would separate the sky from the city, merge the stack of sky pieces, merge the stack of ciy pieces, then put the 2 merged pieces back together somehow. any suggestions?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.353594
Retrieved Text: American folk singer Woody Guthrie drew up an illustrated list of 33 resolutions for the following year, 1942. They are still pretty perfect. Let's all keep our Hope Machines running this coming year, wake up and fight, work more and better and most importantly, stay glad and love everybody!
Here are some amazing shots taken on the set of Sesame Street in the 1970s. There are so many familiar faces we grew up with, muppets and humans alike! You can see even more - including shots from Fraggle Rock, Dark Crystal, The Muppet Show, Labyrnth and more Henson projects here at the Muppet Wiki!
All photos courtesy of Muppet Wiki.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.269571
Retrieved Text: Allergies are a common condition and can present in various ways. The most common condition is allergic rhinitis, or hay fever, which can affect up to 30% of the population. Allergic conjunctivitis affects at least 50% of people with allergic rhinitis, and allergic asthma affects at least 8% of children. Atopic dermatitis, also known as childhood eczema, is often how allergies first occur in young children. Venom allergy, in terms of being allergic to bees, wasps, hornets, yellow jackets and fire ants, can be a common allergy, especially in some parts of the Southeastern United States where the imported fire ant lives.
So, what do all of these conditions share in common? They can all be successfully treated with the use of allergen immunotherapy. Allergen immunotherapy is a method in which a person is given the substance to which they are allergic, resulting in hyposensitization, leading to a reduction or elimination of allergy symptoms. The allergen, or substance causing the allergy, is given in increasing amounts to a person either as an injection under the skin or as a drop or tablet under the tongue. This process results in the immune system changing how the body responds to the allergen; the end result being fewer allergy symptoms, the need for fewer allergy medications, and potentially a complete cure with the resolution of symptoms. Compared to allergy medicines, which act to simply “cover up” symptoms, immunotherapy is the only treatment that changes the immune response.
Allergy shots are the traditional way that immunotherapy is given. Injections are given under

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.161432
Retrieved Text: Gosh, whoever complains of time change hasn’t dealt with running after work in the dark for weeks!
I wish I had brought my camera, but I had no idea that I would in fact be running in full light the whole way. I missed it! And I get to see the trail again before I leave town! Next week, I’m definitely taking my camera out and taking shots of the Mt. Vernon Trail, my usual route on Wednesday runs!
Not many people came out today, less than a dozen, probably because they were predicting rain for most of the week, but instead we got a nice sunny day with weather in the lower 60’s and just a great day for a run! I tried to tag along with Kristy for the most part, but she got super speedy since she started marathon training (her first full is this Sunday!), and sadly I just couldn’t keep up! I ended up running with Kelly, though I was running out of breath while chitchatting (literally huffing and puffing), and she was doing just fine.
It’s really devastating to see how much endurance I lost with those months of injury. On the bright side, my gross toenail didn’t bother me a bit. Good thing I cut it off, even if it kills sandal weather for me.
I’ve been on that trail… many times. My dad, brother, and I would bike it as a kid. Pretty trail.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.14451
Retrieved Text: I have been continuing to experiment with abstract wildlife shots.
No, one doesn’t have to put away the camera after sunset if one is not carrying a tripod. The multi-hued dusk sky, dark shadows, and twilight colours reflected on water make for some interesting photo opportunities.
All shots were taken handheld, using very slow shutter speeds.
Spirit heron. Dark undergrowth in the background, and sky colours reflected on water (foreground).
Herons flying over the dark waters of Cauvery river. Monochrome.
Ibises, dusk. Effect created by ICM.
Golden avenue. Dark areas were in shadow, bright areas were reflecting the sky. Slow shutter used to accentuate the limited light.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.110657
Retrieved Text: THERE was a shooting in the 13900-block of 104th Avenue in Surrey at about 1 a.m. on Sunday (June 21) and police are looking for a dark-coloured older sports car with tinted windows that was seen taking off at a high rate of speed from the area immediately after the shots were heard.
Surrey R.C.M.P. received a number of 911 calls reporting the shots being heard in the area of 140th Street and 104th Avenue. Police officers along with members of the Integrated Police Dog Service and the Police Helicopter Air1 attended to the area. Police were able to locate the scene of the shooting after speaking to several witnesses and located physical evidence that confirmed that shots had been fired in this area. No victims were located.
Police are asking anyone who may have been in the area where the shots were fired and witnessed the shots being fired or the dark-coloured sports car driving in the area or fleeing from the scene, or has any information on this shooting or any other shooting in the area to call the Surrey R.C.M.P. at 604-599-0502, the special tip line for the shootings in the Delta / Surrey area at 604-915-6566 or CrimeStoppers.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.987923
Retrieved Text: The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is investigating the fatal shooting of a teen that took place Tuesday afternoon.
About 3:40 p.m., deputies were called to the 200 block of Cattail Lane, off Hampton Highway in the Tabb area. There, they found the teen, identified as 17-year-old Dylan Peters, with several gunshot wounds, said Deputy Mike Russell. Peters was taken to the hospital and pronounced dead, Russell said.
Deputies are looking for a male described as being 17 to 19 years old, about 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighing 145 pounds. He was seen wearing a dark beanie, a dark hooded sweatshirt and baggy jeans and was carrying a book bag, Russell said. Investigators do not believe the incident was random, though Russell said he did not have any more details about the shooting.
Virginia State Police helped sheriff's deputies at the scene secure the area and look for the person believed to have fired the shots, Russell said. Hampton police were also at the scene.
For about an hour after the incident, traffic slowed near the intersection of Hampton Highway and Windy Shore Drive, which leads into Cattail Lane. It also drew bystanders trying to figure out what was going on, a few saying they had heard the shots.
“It's shocking. Usually nothing happens like this,” said Stacey Marshall, who was looking on from a nearby mobile home park.
Several friends of Peters were at the scene just more than an hour after the shooting and were grappling with their loss.
Amanda Westmoreland, who lives near Peters and was visibly shaken, learned someone

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.912027
Retrieved Text: Various shot of the exhibition hall at the Geneva Motor Show. Various shots of the Simca stand. Various shots, at the Citroen stand, showing how the body can be raised above the wheels. Various shots of Renault stand including the Floride and Cravelle. MS. Alpine Berlinette. Various shots of the French Peugeot stand. Various shots of two female models looking the new Mercedes over. Various shots showing the Opel Record car displayed. Various shots of the Volga showing the diesel model. Various shots of the Japanese cars on show - Hino and Sabra. Various shots of Ford Mustang with its advanced styling. Various shots of Ford cars on revolving stand. Various shots inside and out of the Lancia.
Date found in the old record - 18/03/1963.
Amendment October 2011: A visitor to the site has written in with some corrections and additional information. The shot at the Simca stand features the Simca 1300GL. The Citroen car shown is the Citroen ID 19. The Renault cars featured are the R8 and the 4L. The Renault stand shows the Caravelle, not the "Cravelle". The Peugeot featured is the Peugoet 404. The Opel car shown is the Rekord, not "Record". The Mercedes shown is the 230SL. The Sabra car shown is actually Israeli, not Japanese. The car shown after the Sabra is the ATS 2500 GT. The Ford Mustang is more correctly known as the Ford Mustang I Concept Car.
The event was held 14-24 March 1963.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.908009
Retrieved Text: Product description: Nike LunarGlide 7 Flash Mens Running Shoes Black Pure Platinum Dark Grey Reflect Silver, Can not certainly avoid gossip to look askance at. can they but is equalNike LunarGlide 7 Flash Mens Running Shoes Black Pure Platinum Dark Grey Reflect Silverly supercilious! for engrave bone of fall in love, Four today I fought again with her: and all at periphery not far city: I ain't wNike LunarGlide 7 Flash Mens Running Shoes Black Pure Platinum Dark Grey Reflect Silverilling to be old these human life firework.
Can not certainly avoid gossip to look askance at. can they but is equalNike LunarGlide 7 Flash Mens Running Shoes Black Pure Platinum Dark Grey Reflect Silverly supercilious! for engrave bone of fall in love, Four today I fought again with her: and all at periphery not far city: I ain't wNike LunarGlide 7 Flash Mens Running Shoes Black Pure Platinum Dark Grey Reflect Silverilling to be old these human life firework.
With different before BE; The little white-collar worker after receiving the task doubts of have a liking for one eye. until a Rong a beautiful lateness have no on time pass by there, he appears in front of you in good time again! China China grasps anti- Ge of opportunity one shot! At loving of grow river in; The puppet was again a person.
Want to sound out oneself to whether Lin Yu gives up hope, I fell in love with this the felling for dashing away; Go to the seaside there is soft sandy beNike LunarGlide 7 Flash

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.903263
Retrieved Text: VAN BUREN (KFSM) — A suspect wanted by Van Buren police in connection with an aggravated robbery, continued eluding police as of Tuesday (Jan. 24).
Detectives are searching for Thomas Nicholas Marrone who they say is a suspect in connection with the robbery that happened shortly after 1 a.m., Sunday (Jan. 15), at a residence in the 1200 block of North 28th Street.
Police were dispatched to the home on North 28th Street after a witness reported hearing gunshots and seeing a person run toward a dark green or black 90s model GMC or Chevrolet truck.
People inside the home told police they were robbed by Marrone and Robert Thorpe, according to police.
Thorpe was arrested Monday (Jan. 16) in connection with felony aggravated robbery, possession of a firearm by a certain person and failure to appear. He remained Tuesday (Jan. 24) in the Crawford County Detention Center in lieu of a $50,000 bond, said Crawford County Sheriff Ron Brown.
According to police, Marrone and Thorpe demanded money, while one of the suspects pointed a semi-automatic pistol in a person’s face. When the person told the suspect they weren’t going to give any money, the suspect slightly pointed the gun toward their left and fired shots.
The other suspect struck another person with a baseball bat. The person hit sustained minor injuries.
Although the people inside the residence told the suspects they would not be giving any money, Marrone and Thorpe got away with an undisclosed amount of cash.
Anyone with information regarding Marrone is encouraged to call police at 474-1234.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.862026
Retrieved Text: With only a little over a week to go until the reissue of Pink Floyd’s Dark Side of the Moon as a 6-disc Immersion Edition (as well as the Discovery Box and individual Discovery Editions) we thought you might be interested in sneaky close-up look at the packaging, courtesy of an empty ‘display-only’ box in a London record store.
The detailed spec on the back confirms (finally) that the Quad Mix is definitely on the blu-ray disc, for those who were still worrying about this! The box is smaller than vinyl size. It’s approximately 11 inches square.
For those in the UK this coming Friday, September 16th, BBC4 television are running ‘Pink Floyd Night’. This starts at 9:30pm, with the documentary ‘Which One’s Pink?’; 10:30pm sees ‘A Pink Floyd Miscellany 1967-2005’, a collection of restored and rare video clips; 11:30pm wraps things up with ‘Live At Pompeii’. More details here.
Dark Side of the Moon Immersion Edition and all the Discovery Editions are released by EMI on Monday 26th September.
Order The Dark Side of the Moon Immersion Box by clicking here.
It saddens me somewhat to read this as I’m now becoming more obsessed with the way my music sounds and want the best possible sound quality I can get. I figured if this big re-issue was going to be the last one, at least the company remastering the albums would do the best they could to get the most out of these original recordings and respect the music.
You realise that article is about the old 30th anniversary and nothing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.823097
Retrieved Text: Title reads: "Amir [sic] Becomes Air Commodore".
Various shots of Emir Abdullah of Jordan receiving his pennant as Air Commodore from Group Captain of RAF (Royal Air Force) station. Various shots of the Emir inspecting regiment of RAF airmen and inspecting their aeroplanes (Lysanders). Various shots of march past parade by airmen and Arab Legion band. Various shots of six Lysanders in flight. Various shots of Emir watching procession of armoured vehicles drive past.
King Talal of Jordan returns to his country after the death of his brother.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.750631
Retrieved Text: Back in May I shot the Cleveland Rite Aid Marathon and posted some photos of runners refreshing themselves by splashing water on their faces while passing a water station. During earlier parts of the marathon I had a rare chance to shoot some photos of shipping on the Cuyahoga River from atop the Rt. 2 Shoreway bridge over the river, a highway not normally accessible to pedestrians.
In my last post, shots of the city skyline at night, I mentioned shooting some of the city’s bridges from the charter boat while traveling near and under them. Here are some of those photos.
This first shot is one of Cleveland’s railroad lift bridges at sunset. Though the sky was turning orange, this photo is enhanced to increase the hue of the sunset sky.
Later in the evening, returning up river to the dock, the boat trip offered some beautiful shots of some of the bridges as they are appear under artificial and natural lighting. The Veterans Memorial Bridge (formerly Detroit Superior Bridge) is particularly beautiful with its arches and lighting scheme.
The Center Street Swing Bridge is quite unusual as it swings to the west side of the river to allow boat traffic to pass. It too is lit beautifully. I got several shots of it in various degrees of swing but this shot seemed to show the entire swinging portion of the bridge from one end to the other.
This final image shows at least 4 of the bridges from foreground to background, that cross the Cuyahoga.
The last 3 of these

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.6729
Retrieved Text: PRICE, Utah  A Carbon County, Utah, sheriffs deputy was shot after he and other officers responded to a report of domestic abuse at a Price home.
The Deseret News reports 44-year-old Michael Hreinson was struck Saturday night by at least one round of shotgun fire and suffered leg and torso wounds. He was released after treatment at a hospital.
Police say 40-year-old Gary Hinkins was hiding in a recreational vehicle behind his home before he was found by two deputies.
Hinkins is accused of firing at least seven shots through the walls and windshield of the RV before running away and being captured in a nearby yard.
He was booked into jail on various charges, including attempted homicide of a police officer.
His estranged wife told deputies he severely beat her.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.671806
Retrieved Text: Last weekend was the 2018 edition of the HARP24 ultra running event. As usual I was down to take a shed load of photos of of the event – on a voluntary basis – but life conspired against me and I had to miss out on the start and Saturday afternoon as I was attending my Brother-in-law’s wedding in Brighton.
I had organised cover for the time I was away but somewhat annoyingly that fell through at the 11th hour. Fortunately the most excellent Nelson Howe stood in at the last minute to capture the start and some of the remainder of the event.
I was back in time to get a few shots on Saturday evening before it got dark and as I was setting up for the night time shoot. I shot in the dark from around 10pm to around 12.30am before tiredness – and the wildlife – got the better of me. I returned on Sunday morning to get a few shots and to cover the prizegiving.
I have now shared all my photos and I believe Nelson has shared most – if not all – of his so below I provide links to where you can find the various albums. Apologies that they are rather all over the place this year. If Nelson still has photos to share then I will update this page once I have the links.
All my photos are in albums on my Photography Facebook Page at Facebook.com/noynek so why not like the page so you get to see any new content

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.666931
Retrieved Text: Bringing together the work of Bert Hardy, Roger Mayne, Tony Ray-Jones, Colin Jones, Chris Killip, Homer Sykes, Sirkka-Liisa Kontinnen, Martin Parr, Mark Power, Anna Fox and Ken Grant, Country Matters at James Hyman, London, is an exhibition of photographic greats. Running 11 September until 11 October, the show includes black and white shots from the 1940s to the present day that reflect a range of responses to English society.
Country Matters examines constructions of Englishness, from eccentric to conformist, aristocratic to working class, northern and southern, black and white, old and young, work and leisure, rural and urban. Including both playful and quirky and dark and serious offerings, the photographs cover a range of emotions from compassion and empathy to detachment and cynicism. Collectively, these photos not only help to define a country but also to forge a national photographic culture.
The exhibition begins with vintage prints from Bert Hardy’s photographic assignments for Picture Post Magazine in the 1940s that address the unchanging patterns of life in the much-changed landscape Elephant and Castle area of London after the war. This is followed by vintage prints from the 1950s by Roger Mayne, that present the vitality of street life, specifically that of Southam Street in north Kensington.
In contrast, Tony Ray-Jones is more playful with his idiosyncratic records of quintessential British pastimes and Sirkka-Liisa Konttinen’s Byker series moves away from London and up the country to Newcastle. There are also memories of a less idyllic country; Sykes’s celebrated book, Once a Year (1977) depicts mysterious local folk customs, endless rain

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.66082
Retrieved Text: Because I’m located in the reception area, I get to have friendly chats with clients and I look forward to their visits.
After working in legal circles for many years, a combination of itchy feet and the need for a change in direction resulted in my moving over to the traditionally scorned rival of lawyers: Bean counters! Despite dire predictions of it all ending badly, I’ve discovered that life on the “dark side” as Kevin’s secretary / office manager / Jill-of-all-trades isn’t so bad; in fact I’ve been here for over seven years now and there’s not an itch in sight.
What do my three hats cover? In short, I ensure that incoming mail and messages regarding problems, queries etc go to the right person, I collate and lodge clients’ tax returns, try to make their fee payments less painful and post their assessment notices and various correspondence to them. I also cover a range of jobs that help BSN & Co run smoothly. Because I’m located in the reception area, I get to have friendly chats with clients and I look forward to their visits (some people find me prim but I’m in a drinking club with a running problem…).

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.63831
Retrieved Text: Patriot Dark is a decent shooter game made by Temperance Lance which is inspired by DonPachi or Raiden series. The game initially released at Comiket 74 in 2008, but has now become a freeware and the latest version was released at Comiket 76 in 2009. Like most shooters, player have a top down view over the military country as they move the plane across the screen and strafe shots at the enemy. At various spots through the level player will come across some mini bosses, usually a semi-large ship or tank and aren’t too hard to beat. And of course there’s a boss at the end of each level.
The player can choose one of two different aircraft at the start of the game, or upon continuing: Suika, which fires straight and Moruten, which fires a wide, three-way spread of shots. Each fighters equipped with three weapons: normal shots (C key, tap shot button to fire), laser (Z key, hold shot button, provides more firepower than standard fire but makes the ship move slower) and bomb (X key, produces a large explosion which damages or destroys all enemies on screen).
Patriot Dark also has a combo gauge. Similar to fighting game, by destroying large groups of enemies in a short periode of time, player can increase the gauge and build a number of scores. While the game has unlimited continues, the main point of the game is to increase and maintain the gauge above zero and keep the chain going.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.618172
Retrieved Text: It’s raining today. That’s the fabulous news. Nice and dark and broody out there. Me, I’m sitting here catching up on a tiny bit of desk work and… reading (can I get an ahhhhhhh….?).
No pictures today, so running a set from Sunday’s rainy (intermittently) drive to Oakland (and back) to spend Easter with the Frames.
Have I mentioned how much I just love riding shotgun, shooting ’em up?
Lollipop trees. What a great name. I wish my road shots turned out as good as yours do.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.602907
Retrieved Text: The return (home) leg of our two-leg contest with Hexham House for the Courant Vase trophy took place on Friday 9 September. We don’t usually cover friendlies in any great detail, but this one is a little special not only in having an actual prize, but for being the last of the season. It was also exciting enough to merit a little description.
The match started at 5.30 pm, with a threat of rain and a thoroughly grey sky. Right from the start it was obvious that we had made the right choice in bringing the start forward from 6 pm, as it’s now getting dark early on the best of nights, and this wasn’t one of them.
The game, reduced to six rinks of triples, started with our club fourteen shots down after the earlier match at Hexham House. If we were hoping to make rapid inroads into the deficit we were disappointed: not least because of the usual rule about one shot on the first two ends we were just 24-22 ahead after five ends. By the tenth end, however, this lead had increased to 63-54, the sort of lead which a Sky Sports graphic would have shown to be on target for finishing in front. But bowls rarely works like that, and after another four ends the position had changed entirely, so that we found ourselves 82-83 down over the six rinks. Fifteen shots down with four ends to go – a tall order now.
Several good ends followed. Steve Benson’s rink won the last four

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.556892
Retrieved Text: The first impression failed when I first watched Katru Mara. It felt like it is like other typical stories. Don't get me wrong. The story kicked off in a very typical manner anyhow.
The Storyline ~ A boy who is from a good family enrols into college. He will get new friends and walks through a new dark path.
The flow from the second half and the ending is what made Katru Mara a mind-blowing short film which stands out from the rest!
The scene in 16.55 to 17.55 was rather draggy and it could have just shown within 30 seconds. It was filled with good shots but that 1 minute felt too long for me.
I was rather pissed off to think of how both main casts talked about changing their lives and be good at the beginning of the scene after all they did.
The ending of the story was rather perfect for me though having the friend running away halfway was a little dissatisfying.
To understand whatever I'm saying even better do watch Katru Mara!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.5439
Retrieved Text: The internet is a visual medium - meaning the more pictures you have on your website, the better. Depending on whether you're using your site to market yourself, your services, a new product, etc., you'll want to hit upon the right "mix" of photographs to accompany the text and also (of course) ensure that those photographs are of the highest possible quality and look good whether they're being viewed on a computer monitor, tablet, or smart phone.
What Types of Pictures Should You Upload to Your Website?
Headshots. These are important if you want potential customers to get a feel for who's behind your business, so they have a real, live person (or persons) to relate to. A headshot should be attractive, well-composed, and not overly "stodgy" since you want to come off as a likable person.
Product shots. If you're selling something on your website, customers are going to want to see it from various angles and being used in various ways. You can never take too many shots of your product since you never know what uses (or poses) will resonate the best with customers.
Event shots. If you are a partner in a law firm or some other small business, it always helps to show pictures of yourself accepting awards, attending charity functions, posing with your family at barbecues, etc. Once again, this establishes your real-life bona-fides and shows that you're a genuine person.
Incidental shots. If you're a personal injury lawyer, a photograph of the aftermath of a car wreck can have a dramatic effect (but it

================



======= Instance Index 996 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see a box on fabric. a person... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: rearranges a garment.

Ending 2: wraps the box in the fabric and ties it up.

Ending 3: cuts and skews a cotton ball.

Ending 4: cuts a seam in a red box.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.960758
Retrieved Text: Hi there, and Happy Mother’s Day! We had a busy, but wonderful day here. A family brunch, a First Holy Communion party, a trip to the book store, a stroll through the garden center, and baseball practice…all while dragging around the kids. If that’s not a full Mother’s Day, I don’t know what is.
Anyway, if you are curious who won our big giveaway, stay tuned for Tuesday’s post where I will announce the winner of a free Longarm Quilting Gift Certificate from yours truly. I’m so grateful to those of you who read the blog regularly and leave comments and share ideas. It’s the essence of what makes the quilting community so strong.
In the meantime, check out the Happy Mail that appeared in my mailbox as a part of the Late Night Quilter’s Flying Fabric Box Swap. My new friend Sarah sent me these 4 lovely fat quarters, along with an adorable handmade gift. Sarah and I are part of the unique swap dreamed up by Late Night Quilter’s Club (click to join the group) member, Anna Veach.
The Flying Fabric Box is a mystery collection of fabric and a handmade gift that makes its way from person to person in the swap. When you receive the box, you take out the fabric, make something with it, and send the box along to the next person with 4 new fat quarters and the gift you made.
Did you notice the first fat quarter in the picture? It’s a Texan’s fabric-dream come true! In my favorite shades of sea

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.913275
Retrieved Text: How do I start a friendship quilt?
Thread: How do I start a friendship quilt?
I and several friends did something like this years ago, we each made a center block for our own quilt than passed it around we each added a row around the center block. When our own block came back to us we had a completed quilt top. We each placed our name some place in our row.
What you and Gamie bj are describing to me is called a round robin. Also a fund thing to do with your quilting friends. There are various ways I think of doing a friendship quilt. I think of each of you doing some blocks that have a white or neutral area that each person can sign their name and you exchange these. You can pick one pattern that you all do the same block or each person can do a particular block with some designated color or theme so they would relate to each other once put into a quilt.
It is your group and your fiends, so do what you want and enjoy the process.
Somewhere on this section is a thread about a group passin round a centre medallion and then next person adds a border . The one I'm thinking about have no rules so each does own thing on the newly arrived piece.they are nearly finished.
There is a second just starting the centre of one is a set. Of dragonflies. Look them up.
If you do a quilt where you start with a center medallion, which

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.905193
Retrieved Text: 10ft x 8ft mammoth single-sided light box display (frame and graphic) $2,178.00 this is the single-sided version of the 10ft x 8ft mammoth light box fabric frame system.
The expolinc case & counter display is a swedish built case that converts into a durable trade show counter for your booth space. like all expolinc products, the case & counter is a premium display product that's built with materials that can take a beating from years of exhibiting.
Segments 10ft tension fabric display kit 4. the segments 10ft tension fabric display kit 4 is an easy to assemble tension fabric display each frame is made of lightweight aluminum tubes which connect with internal bungee cords making set up a breeze. simply connect the tubes by pressing the push pins to lock the pieces together.
Backlit hybrid modular display 10ft timberline trade show booth graphics included. the timberline backlit is part of our new line of hybrid modular displays, bringing a new contemporary look and portable versatility.
The renew fabric banner stands are an alternative to the familiar retractable banner stand. the retractable's great advantages are (1) set up in seconds, (2) lighter weight, (3) compact storage, (4) light-blocking vinyl, and (5) no parts to lose.
Modulate 10ft display kit 03. the modulate 10ft display kit 03 isn’t just a lightweight and portable tension fabric trade show display. this unique design uses 3 smaller lightweight tubular frames with different shapes that can be reconfigured or used individually for other events.
Swedish engineered expolinc roll up promotion retractable banner stand is a high quality yet

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.524666
Retrieved Text: See a fabric sample in person before you commit!
Interested in having a piece of clothing custom made by Yana Dee, but having a hard time picking the right color? You can order up to 5 colors of any of our fabrics, to be sure you like the color and texture.
Select the fabric type you would like to sample using the drop-down menu, and tell us what colors (up to 5 for each type of fabric) you want to see in the "Notes, Special Instructions" box. See images in listing and list below for all the available colors in each fabric. See images in listing for all available colors in each fabric. See below for a description of each type of fabric.
Please note, there is often minor variation in color and weight, even from one bolt to the next. For this reason, we don't allow customers to "mix and match" between different types of fabrics when selecting 5 colors to compare. Each color may have a different weight and feel, varying even from other colors on the same fabric swatch. Also, we can not guarantee that the sample you receive will match 100% to your final order, especially if much time passes before you place your clothing order.
Contains 3-5% Spandex. This lightweight, breathable fabric has a comfortable four way stretch, lovely soft feeling, and beautiful drape.
This mid weight fabric has a nice texture and a hint of stretch. It is durable, breathable, and becomes softer with use.
This mid weight fabric offers good coverage, a nice soft texture,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.288715
Retrieved Text: playing with my "Toes in the Sand"
So in two days I have gone from being 8 months behind to one month in front.
And all this (plus next month final installment) gets to be added to my blue scrap box thanks to a very generous BOM. If I go by weight there is approximately another 3.6 mtrs of fabric to play with.
Now to wait for the background and border fabric to arrive and I can finish this one off.
Feels good to be so close to a finish.
Hope you find time this weekend to do something you love.
You're progress is keeping me going. I love your blocks and I'm totally starting mine as soon as Mia decides that sleep is bliss. So maybe next year :). In the meantime thanks for the inspiration. And I can't believe how much extra fabric you get!
I got to see your toys today at the Cotton factory - you are amazing !!! maybe you should come collect them in person so we can hang out !!!
What amazing blocks! They look fun to do.
I love how these American BOMs haves ouch excess fabric not like ours here. Don't think I will ever subscribe to an Australian BOM again. Have been burnt too often now. I'm looking forward to seeing this one finished.
Growing fast and looking stunning.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.17101
Retrieved Text: These clever storage baskets are not only cute and handy, they're also a secret recycling project. The sides and bottoms of each basket are stiffened with recycled cardboard! But wait ... they have another hidden talent: they collapse and fold flat to store.
In the nursery, use them for creams, diapers, wash cloths and other diaper changing accessories. You could fill a whole shelf set with bright and beautiful baskets. And yet, why let the nursery have all the fun? We bet you have a lot of cardboard just waiting to be recycled. I see bread baskets and mail baskets and gift baskets ... oh my!
Our sample was made for a baby girl's nursery, using the stunning Patty Young Andalucia collection. For information on where to buy, read Stylish Baby Nursery: Designing with Bold Colors & Patterns. This article also includes suggestions for creating an alternate fabric palette that would work well for a boy's nursery.
We're going to use a leather machine needle in this project - even though our supplies don't call for leather. A leather needle is a super sharp, heavy-duty needle for sewing through difficult materials. Leather is one example; we're using it for this project to sew through the cardboard that makes the sides of the boxes.
Using your see-through ruler and chalk pencil, cut a 7½" x 9½" piece of fabric from Fabric A. Then, cut a strip from Fabric A that measures 6½" x 33". These pieces will form the bottom and outside walls of the box.
Cut two strips from the binding

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.048721
Retrieved Text: I’ve seen this project so many times on Pinterest, and I just love the idea of making a useful and pretty DIY fabric basket from an old diaper box.
Having small children, you often end up with a lot of these, so why not make something useful of them?
Most of the tutorials I’ve seen you have to be able to sew. Well, unfortunately, I’m terrible at sewing!
So I ended up just forgetting about the project until one day I saw one of these empty diaper boxes in our storage room. I had one of those a lightbulb moment.
Start getting your empty diaper box ready and cut of the four cardboard “wings”.
Use one of the cardboard pieces you just cut off to re-enforce the side where you want your handle to be.
You can also use the remaining cardboard pieces to reinforce and fill in the bottom of your box.
Make the holes for the handle, check to see if the handle holds.
Measure your diaper box, and measure up the fabrics you’re using.
Add a little bit to your measures for a folding seam, where you’ll be gluing. Cut out the fabric.
Start with covering/ spraying glue to the bottom inside of your box, center the fabric where the bottom of your box will be.
Then you’ll glue/spray as you go around the box and attach the fabric to all the sides of the box.
When you’re finished with covering the inside of your box, lay out the outside fabric.
Place your box on top of the fabric centered where the bottom side should be,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.028465
Retrieved Text: I find it appropriate that the first orange-y thing to show is from Marmalade Fabrics. I could tell you that my favorite reason to shop at Marmalade Fabrics is because of the name. Yes, it IS a yummy name and definitely makes me think of something orange. But actually my favorite reason to shop there is the extremely awesome customer service from Tammy. She always encloses the nicest note, along with a pretty package of fabric all wrapped up with some ribbon and a cool label.
Let's open it up and see what's inside.
Kona cotton in orange, along with Robert Kaufman Metro Living in orange, and grey--which is currently my favorite neutral. It really does go with anything.
Hmmm. Let's see what else arrived at our house last week while we were gone.
My fabulous orange seam ripper, just in case I need to un-sew some of this orange-y fabric. Next we have a cream and sugar set for my beloved Fiestaware (the only set we had was definitely Christmas-y). That weird looking orange and white item is called a "prep n' pop vegetable helper"--it's designed to stick into some fruit or vegetable you are peeling when you don't want to get too close to your fingers and risk peeling them too. When we were at the local home show a couple of months ago, we got a great vegetable peeler, but it is vicious. Freaks me out. "Prep 'n pop" to the rescue. We may have ordered a couple extras as gifts. And they may or may not

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.984257
Retrieved Text: Trade Show Light Box Displays are the new generation of exhibition display systems in the market. These rental trade show booth kits with SEG fabric media are the most popular and best seller backlit exhibit displays for any tradeshows. Our expo booths come in 10ft, 20ft and custom 20×20. Each display stand includes the sleek anodized aluminum frame that is simple to put together, built-in LED strips and backlit tension fabric with easy update graphic, it allows customer to install and exchange the fabric graphics without the pole pockets or crossbars. Our rental light box uses long lasting LED technology to illuminate printed fabric graphic and signs. Light is spread evenly throughout the surface to vibrant the colors on your graphics and make your products more visible. We print using Dye-Sub fabric “Wrinkle-Free” at 1200 dpi to provide vivid colors and attractive graphics. The LED lights are long lasting technology to illuminate printed fabric graphic and brighter than most backlit displays. The LED Light is spread evenly throughout the entire graphic to vibrant the colors and make your products more attractive. These light box displays are available in sing-sided and double-sided graphics. Our 10×10, 10×20 backlit displays are available in custom sizes as well. These elegant exhibition display booths are available for purchase as well. These exhibit booths can be set up and take down by one person very simple and fast. Our rental booths can be delivered to: Las Vegas, Chicago, Orlando, Indianapolis, Denver, New Orleans, San Francisco, New York City, Anaheim, Atlanta, Boston, San

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.876427
Retrieved Text: Here at Beaumont Fabrics we like to make sure your getting the right fabric for you. We offer a free sample service to all customers to make sure you get the right fabric, in the colour you want! From any page on our website you'll see the 'order sample' box on the top right of each fabric image, simply click on it and a free sample will be added to your trolley, add up to a maximum of 6 free samples and head through checkout, choose the free sample checkout option and that's it, we will then in turn send the sample requests of to each of our individual fabric mills for dispatch.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.655216
Retrieved Text: Be forewarned, this download does not include a full written pattern. It is intended to be used with these blog posts in order to create the quilt.
When I try to explain my process to people, it always sounds super complicated. I promise that this is quite easy. Print out your pattern pieces. In order to keep you from having to do a lot of paper taping I have designed this pattern to be printed on LEGAL size paper. If you prefer to use the freezer paper method for cutting out applique pieces, cut your paper to 8.5x14in.
Use the completed quilt picture above as a reference for your fabric pull. In my original version of this quilt I used bold, modern prints to create my garden. I wanted to do something a little bit different this time and I have a gorgeous stack of Liberty that I won in an IG giveaway from Lynne over at Lily's Quilts and DuckaDilly Fabrics (@lilysquilts and @duckadillyfabrics on IG). Mix it up and create something that speaks to you.
I find it helpful to write out which fabrics I intend to use on my pattern pieces. I don't find it helpful to color on the pattern because of the method I use to transfer my pattern, see below.
Instead, I like to fold my fabric in to an approximation of each shape and lay it out together. This gives me the ability to audition fabrics without cutting into them or altering my pattern paper.
When I laid my initial fabric pull out I

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.611282
Retrieved Text: Find best images of Fabric Flowers Free Patterns with various style, size and color. Get more ideas about Fabric Flowers Free Patterns for your need.
This chance we present you several perky pattern pictures that we've gathered special for you, for this chance we are focused related with Fabric Flowers Free Patterns.
By the way, related with Fabric Flowers Free Patterns, here we can see several similar photos to complete your references. handmade fabric flower tutorial, free fabric flower pattern easy and ribbon fabric flower patterns free are three main things we will show you based on the post title. Beside that, we also come with more pattern related things like rolled fabric flower pattern, fabric flowers and fabric flower sewing patterns.
We have a great hope these Fabric Flowers Free Patterns images gallery can be a resource for you, bring you more pattern examples and also bring you an amazing day. Feel free to share your comment with us and our followers at comment box at the bottom page, finally you can broadcast this pattern post if you know there are people around the world that need pattern examples associated with these pictures.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.576916
Retrieved Text: Polyester fabric banners are durable, washable and can be folded without getting wrinkles. If this does not convince you to opt for this signage solution then nothing will. The material is quite lightweight making the banner easy to store and also extremely affordable to transport.
BannerBuzz can provide a custom banner that you can use at events, trade shows, conventions, conferences or even in a retail store to advertise products/services to the passing masses. The sky is the limit to what we can achieve in design, but we encourage you to send us your vision for your polyester fabric banners; we will incorporate them as accurately as possible and ensure your signs do not go unnoticed.
Many of our clients are switching to this banner type because of the number of options it offers. They have a distinctively different look compared to their vinyl counterparts for one thing and they are not as reflective either. In other words, if you plan on placing them outside, then you can rest assured that the sunny day will not make it too bright to look at. We also use a steam process to embed colors and graphics onto the fabric to make it more appealing.
Q: If I order a 6ft x 6ft fabric banner, is there a seam in it, or is it all one piece of fabric? And does it come with a pole pocket at the top so it can hang from a rod?
A: Dear Customer,Processed Fabric Banner 6 x 6 (ft) (w x h) will cost you $179.96

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.507357
Retrieved Text: This round of our Fanciful Utility Swaps was the Romantic Swap, focusing on fabrics from the Romantic Era, the 1820s through the 1840s. These are decades of vibrate color and playful to wild designs. This meant for some very fun fabics arriving in the mail.
Here are the fabrics we swapped. I had to take the photos with and without the flash, though neither really captured the fabrics in their true light. I hope I have the fabrics labeled right. I flip-flopped which group a couple belong in.
Pink and white resist or discharge print with narrow stripes over top, likely a roller print.
Cindy already dove in with her swap pieces. Using the techniques in Fanciful Utility, she recreated the French sewing box I was obsessed with last fall. She made a great box. I am impressed that she lined up the stripes so well.
Fabulous Cindy! I’m so excited to see that she used a swatch I sent!
It was fun receiving all the different fabrics…nice to have such a variety from which to choose. Thanks to all.
The blue on blue roller print is from me – it’s called General’s Wives. I’m making scissor cases from my swatches!
Thanks. I’ll fix it in the morning.
Thanks! Those fabrics spoke loudly to me!!
Once again, I missed the time frame! I love the fabrics. As I’ve never done this before, please share where y’all find these beauties!
The next swap is coming up in about a week.
It was so much fun getting these in the mail, thanks everybody! And thanks for the additional information

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.476715
Retrieved Text: Does this fabric look familiar? It's the same one I used here to reupholster some chairs.
But I don't want everything to be so plasticky (I know that's not a real word but I like it..) and store- like looking. I like to bring a touch of personal style, even to the things that hold my random junk stuff.
So I decided to make more of these DIY Storage Boxes (I made the 3 boxes shown above when inspired by this post) and today you will want to make some too!
I've used this technique for cardboard boxes and shoe boxes (and their lids).
All you need is: A cardboard box in whatever size your little heart desires, some fabric (a canvas drop-cloth would make a nice neutral choice), and some permanent adhesive (I used fabric glue). A glue gun would work as well.
-Measure your box and cut enough fabric to not only cover the box but to be glued inside the box; how much fabric should be inside the box is completely up to you.
- I always mark the corners of the box on the fabric with a pen (like shown by red circles here) to help me remember where the box should be.
- Once you are done with that, your fabric should look something like this (cross shape).
- The left and right flaps are longer than the up and down ones because I wanted the fabric to go all the way to the bottom of the box on the inside. I would have done that with the other

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.348732
Retrieved Text: Yesterday is not real, it is a memory, it was only real yesterday. Tomorrow is not real, it is a projected dream. The only thing that is real is right now, this very moment, the present. And thus, this is the only moment you can make a change, today, right now. You cannot make tomorrow's changes.
You can look back and learn about your mistakes and reminisce about some good days but, you have to keep moving forward. There are good days on the horizon as well. You are not the person you were yesterday. If you have consciously reflected you should have seen some failures and some successes towards the person you want to be, and the person you do not want to be. If you have spent a moment to do the work, you should be a better person today. Do not beat yourself up over yesterday's or last years mistakes. They will not matter if you have "done the work". Those choices in the past were a reflection of your present moment experiences and wisdom. Today, you should be a better person. If you are still making those dumb choices today, you are not "doing the work" you need to do. It is like steering off the road every day and hitting the same mail box day after day. You wouldn't do that to your car would you ? Would you do that to your partner ? your kids ? your parents ? Your life ? It wouldn't make sense in any respect to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.329588
Retrieved Text: After quite a hiatus, I’m back to share with you a DIY wedding two-tier card box. This was for Marcus’ sister’s wedding back in October. The card box was inspired by those made by Jamie Kim Designs. It took about 4 hours and cost around $35 in materials–so you can see if it’s worth it to buy or DIY.
First, use the craft knife to cut out holes for the card box: one for the card slot and one for the cards to pass through the tiers.
Guesstimate and cut the fabric to cover each box and lid (I started with the larger box to make sure I had enough fabric). Fold, wrap, and glue the fabric to the inside of the box like a present, with the triangles on the inside (I messed up one lid and placed the triangles on the outside). Do not glue on the outside of the box–the glue will show through the fabric.
Glue the rhinestone chain around the card slot opening. Glue the top box to the bottom lid. Tie a bow on the top box and attach the brooch. I used this video on how to tie a double bow. Because the brooch was pulling the bow down, I reinforced it with a headpin that was hidden in the brooch.
I think it turned out nicely, but it took way longer than expected. Would you DIY?
This entry was posted in Crafts, Weddings and tagged DIY Card box, two-tier wedding card box. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.306
Retrieved Text: Hooked on Needles: Online or In Person ~ How do you prefer to shop?
You all know I am a fan of CSN Stores. I've raved about them here before in reference to my rug, my shelf and my rocking chairs. They have over 200 online stores you know, with great stuff like extra tall bar stools and electric blankets and apple peeler/corer/slicer gadgets that make short work of a bushel of fresh picked apples. You name it, they have it. And their service is fabulous. No joke. I've never had one problem with any purchase I have made from them. And lots of their items offer free shipping.
Christmas is coming, faster than I'd like to admit. So my question to you today is: How do you prefer to shop, online or in person, or does it depend on the occasion? I'm just curious!
Next time I'll show you the contents of a box I received in the mail today. It wasn't a shopping delivery though. It was the prize from a giveaway I won and I just love it! I see so much potential in a little box! Can't wait to show you!
If I can get it local, I do. And with fabrics, I prefer to touch them if I can. But when the kids were little, shopping on-line was a lifesaver. The younger one was he** in stores. She liked to hide. I wasn't as fond of that game.
I love Amazon but have never explored CSN - guess I better see what I am missing! I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.240881
Retrieved Text: Will be nice and cool.
A rainbow of flowers with a matching rainbow bear.
This is actually a Christmas print but had lots of pink in it (the colors in this picture look faded compared to real life).
A field of yellow flowers on a purple background.
This is my Sea Themed box. This fabric was donated to me and I just love all the bright colors! I added the lace at the bottom because the little holes reminded me of the white bubbles in the fabric background. I hope these delightful smiles on the starfish will brighten the little girl's day.
My daughter chose this stuffed crab to add as something to love.
A little odd guy, but he is cute and soft.
Do you remember the matching puzzle game I won in the giveaway? It includes many items from the beach and sea. I made a fish fabric drawstring bag and included five these in the box.
And my friend, Kristy from Hopeful Threads, had sent me some fabrics and notions and this little tag was among the items. It is PERFECT! Not only for this sea themed dress, but as a reminder to me that each little girl or boy that I pack a box for is one of a kind!
I should try to make their boxes with this in mind.
If you would like to make your own dresses like mine you can find a complete tutorial here: pillow case style dress tutorial. You can also find more of my dresses in this link: Dresses for Operation Christmas Child Shoeboxes.
What thoughtfulness

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.228325
Retrieved Text: Curves & Ovals are available in rectangular, oval and curved shapes with a choice of feet or legs. Available in numerous fabric colours (see colour options). For full details please open the specification sheet or use the scroll arrows to see more of the range.
The Rectangular 2 Person Seat shown here in a patterned fabric but priced in a Phoenix fabric. Overall dimensions: 460h x 1230w x 500d. Please use the scroll arrows to see more or scroll down to see the rest of the range.
The Rectangular 2 Person Seat with Legs shown here in a patterned fabric but priced in a Phoenix fabric. Overall dimensions: 460h x 1230w x 500d. Please use the scroll arrows to see more or scroll down to see the rest of the range.
The Oval 2 Person Seat shown here in a patterned fabric but priced in a Phoenix fabric. Overall dimensions: 460h x 1220w x 450d. Please use the scroll arrows to see more or scroll down to see the rest of the range.
The Oval 2 Person Seat with Legs shown here in a patterned fabric but priced in a Phoenix fabric. Overall dimensions: 460h x 1220w x 450d. Please use the scroll arrows to see more or scroll down to see the rest of the range.
The Curved 2 Person Seat shown here in a patterned fabric but priced in a Phoenix fabric. Overall dimensions: 460h x 1220w x 450d. Please use the scroll arrows to see more or scroll down to see the rest of the range.
The Curved 2

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.221966
Retrieved Text: In my craft room, I have a small sewing corner that houses my sewing machine and a plastic storage cabinet with fabric, notions, and other supplies. Above my sewing table is a handmade wooden spool holder, but the adjacent wall is barren. Perusing Pinterest, I stumbled upon an idea of covering box lids with fabric to create easy wall art. What a fantastic idea! Not only do I have a number of fabric scraps that I can use, but I also love to reuse and re-purpose, so I decided to give it a try.
The first step is rounding up box lids in various sizes to re-purpose into easy wall art. If you don’t have box lids, try using a cereal box with the back removed and the sides carefully cut down so the box is about 1″ – 2″ deep. Then, I pulled out several coordinating fabric scraps that were big enough to cover the box lids. You will also need a pair of scissors and a roll of masking tape to make easy wall art.
Now the fun part — assembly. Start by laying a fabric scrap face down and center the box lid on top. Fold all four sides of fabric around the box lid to make sure that the fabric scrap is large enough to completely cover the face and sides of the lid.
Now we’re ready to start securing. Start on one of the long ends and secure the fabric to the inside of the lid with masking tape. Secure well, leaving about 1″

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.164688
Retrieved Text: Want to see it? Touch it?
Have one of our design associates put together a samples box just for you.
The box will include fabric, leather, and fill samples picked out especially for you!
Send me the samples box!
The classic form of luxury seating, foam insert wrapped in feather and down.
Signature poly blend, the feel of down but keeps shape and humane.
Do you want to make a few extra changes that we don't offer here?
Are you after a very specific fabric type?
Frame made from Alder, a northwestern hard wood. 100% FSC Certified, meets environmental and social standards of FSC.
Cushions wrapped in Trillium for maximum comfort.
Fabric sourced from premium, California based fabric houses.
Quality craftsmanship from a team that has been building furniture together for over 10 years.
Delivery is available within the contiguous United States.
Having your order arrive as beautiful as when it left the factory is our main concern and as such we use the top shipping companies. Shipping fees are a flat rate but fluctuate slightly per state. Please see our full shipping policy to see what your shipping rate is.
All orders ship with White Glove Shipping. Our shipping company will carry your order inside your home, unwrap it, and place it where you would like it.
Deliveries involving unusual conditions such as hoisting merchandise onto balconies or through windows.
Delivery of merchandise above a third floor without the availability of an adequately sized elevator.
Each piece of furniture is hand made specifically to fulfill your order. Production time for each piece is 3-4 weeks.
Delivery time to the western United States is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.087172
Retrieved Text: During Quilt Market, I had the opportunity to meet up with Amanda, the Owner & Creator of Stash Builder Box. I am absolutely in love with their cause, and the fact that it is completely based on fabric and sewing has me even farther head-over-heels!
I was sent this box free of charge, but all opinions are my own.
So, what is Stash Builder Box? It's a monthly subscription that gets you a box full of sewing goodies sent right to your mailbox. Each months box is a little different with 3 fun fat-quarters, matching Aurifil thread, an exclusive box pattern and some mystery sewing related goodies.
20% of each box purchase goes to help make quilts for children in need which I think is just awesome.
I was sent August's Stash Builder Box (which is no longer available). It included three fat-quarters from Dear Stella's June Bug Line. The fabrics are so pretty! I can't wait to see a full quilt made with the Pattern block of the month from this fabric!
Two patterns came in this box. One is the Card Trick pattern, which is the Stash Block of the month. The other is for a whole quilt. I chose to just cut out the Card Trick square for this post, but I can't wait to make a quilt with the Bundle Buster pattern!
The box also came with Grey Aurifil Thread to match the fabric, a pencil with a sewing saying on it, a cute little quote to frame and put in my sewing room, and then lastly, Wonderclips!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.075346
Retrieved Text: How to Hide a Litter Box - Happily Ever After, Etc.
This week I was on a cleaning binge I broke out the spray and we worked on just about every room! The kitchen is painted (and clean), the bookshelves for the craft room are built (and clean), the bathroom is put together (and clean) and the living room is coming together (and clean!).
I love decorating and working on home decor but clean is always the first step. Which is why I am loving this new Bona Hardwood Floor Cleaner! Of course, clean is the beginning but once I scrubbed the floors I felt the need to move on to the next part… finishing a few projects!
When I was scrubbing the bathroom floor I decided I had enough of the stinky litter box out in the open for everyone to see. Enough is enough. So I grabbed a screwdriver and took the third door off the cabinet! Of course that gets the litter box off the floor but it doesn’t exactly hide the thing.
Now it’s just in a cave… what we need is a curtain to hide the entire mess. In a quick easy fashion… no stitching. So I grabbed a roll of fabric fuse and spent 20 minutes whipping up this cute little litter box curtain!
This might be the easiest project ever… if you can use double sided tape you can use fabric fuse. Start with the bottom hem putting a long strip of fabric fuse along the edge. Make sure you leave about half an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.05363
Retrieved Text: Here's a quick & easy way to create some movement & character in a garment: the inverted pleat. Measure & mark evenly on your fabric. Make note of the fabric pen...I will plug it later.... Box pleats are essentially two knife pleats sewn together, back to back. They have the same 4:2 ratio as box pleats (meaning 4" of fabric will result in a 2" finished pleat).
This is a pleat with a box shape on the front, with parallel creases facing opposite directions – such a simple explanation for a very versatile pleat. You can make single box pleat, double box pleat, inverted box pleat, all with the base knowledge of how to make the box pleat and all of them makes the fabric folded look special... French pleats are often pinched at the base to give them a cleaner look. If you like this look, hand sew the pleats together. Start from the inside of one of the pleats so the knot is hidden. Go in and out of the sides of the pleats a couple of times to tack them together. Knot the end, pull the thread to the inside of one of the pleats and cut the thread.
Here's a quick & easy way to create some movement & character in a garment: the inverted pleat.... Here's a quick & easy way to create some movement & character in a garment: the inverted pleat. Measure & mark evenly on your fabric. Make note of the fabric pen...I will plug it later.
10/08/2013 · If you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.0447
Retrieved Text: If you have any questions please contact us at Dub Box or one of our dealers, and we will do our best to help.
1) Contact either your chosen dealer or us at Dub Box, and we will talk you through your external colour choices and any specific requirements you may have.
2) We will then send you a sample pack where you can see the range of laminates and fabric samples or you can visit the dealer showroom to see the range there.
3) After you have chosen your flooring and blinds a 30% deposit is required to move straight to stage 4.
4) Start getting really excited, because you have designed your very own Dub Box, pack your bags and you’ll be off on your journey in next to no time.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.031082
Retrieved Text: New cushions were needed for my front veranda.The old ones were faded and not very inviting to any guests that might like to take a seat.
Sometimes projects don't need to be over thought... less is more!
So with a piece of unbleached muslin, a sharpie pen, light box and a word print-out I created this 'Welcome' cushion to greet my guests.
Unbleached Muslin (Calico) is thin enough to see through on a light box.
Print your message and using a Sharpie pen, trace the lettering directly onto your fabric. Sew up the sides of your cover and insert cushion.
How do you make the different items permanent and keep them from smearing or bleeding?
Definitely interested in hearing this response.
I don't know about on fabric but on the ceramic mugs, etc, just bake it on.
Um, I feel a bit stupid asking, but what is a light box? Can I make one myself or do I need to purchase it somewhere? The pillow is gorgeous!
A box that isn't heavy.
I made a light box for my mother when I was in 9th grade. I’m now 58. The box was rectangular in shape, with a slide out piece of glass as the top. It was about 2 - 3 inches thick so a long straight lightbulb could be attached at one end.
She used it to trace patterns and other items she needed. She taught fashion design at a trade school in Connecticut.
She used it until she gave it to my youngest son before she died.
It's a light in a frame w/ clear top. Light

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.01263
Retrieved Text: I previously shared this great bag on my main blog, but I wanted to do an in-depth post about it here. CraftyScientists uses my Starry Night fabric to make these awesome drawstring backpacks. I just love to see my fabric designs in the hands of such talented artists!
CraftyScientists has a super-cool shop on Etsy where she sells her beautifully handmade bags and backpacks.
Here are the details about her bags--very carefully-made and sturdy!
This spectacular, one of a kind Police Box + Starry Night (Vincent van Gogh) is an original art combination by Kristi Duggins (bohobear).
A true special gift for the right person of any age.
The inside is lined with rip-stop giving the bag water resistance/strength on the inside, yet maintain its washability (if that's a word) and light weight. All seams have been surged/top-stitched for strength. It's really geeky, useful, sturdy and a practical and one of a kind!
•	Bag measures approx. 17" high & 15" wider.
(one inside and one outside - Lined).
•	Bottom corners are sewn to prevent heavy loads from ripping the grommets.
The entire bag is machine washable.
Make sure to check out her shop here!
LOVE the ones with the dinosaurs!!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.9923
Retrieved Text: Small Storage Solutions, and a Tutorial.
I am a fairly organized person. I live by the mantra “A place for everything, and everything in its place”.
I have found ways to store all the little doodads in my home using things ranging from the cheap to the free, and everything in between. There’s not much between cheap and free though. I have spend a ton of money on storage boxes. But there is a cheaper way.
These are cardboard boxes, purchased from the big Viking Superstore, and that got a facelift with some decoupaged paper that looks like embroidered linen. I keep there ribbons, rickrack, hem tapes and other sewing paraphernalia. They are relatively cheap.
And now I’ll show you how to make some inexpensive storage boxes that look very nice once finished.
Start with a shoe box (no, I am not paid by Stride Rite, I bought these shoes for my daughter). I noticed that the box itself had pretty colors and limited branding.
So I found a decorative paper that had similar colors to the box (the paper is from a collection available at our Amazon Store). I gave the lid a coat of Mod Podge and glued the paper on the lid, cutting, tucking and folding as necessary to cover the lid and have the paper fold inside.
Let it dry for half an hour and then give it a thorough coat of Mod Podge all over the paper. When that one dries, repeat with another coat.
Meanwhile, give the box a coat of Mod Podge, and stick label-size pieces of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.95457
Retrieved Text: When I was a child, I LOVED crafts. Everything about crafts was GREAT!! The Glue, Pencil, yarn, scissors, paper... the list is endless. You could create almost anything you wanted. It might of not looked so good but, to me it was pretty wonderful.
Now that I'm an adult, when I'm in a craft store, I want to spend HOURS there. Just thinking of all the possibilities that I could come up with.
You can research some crafts for ideas on the Internet, Books, Magazines, Shopping Centers, you can find an idea at your friends Home or their Garden. Looking on the internet, you may like to research crafts that was designed in 1950's or 1776 or 2011.
Crafts can be created by anyone: Children, Mothers, Fathers, Cousins, Aunts, Sisters, Brothers, Grandmothers, Grandfathers, Uncles or your Very Best Friend.
REMEMBER: Crafts doesn't have to be PERFECT !!!
A custom window box would be perfect for your bedroom or family room.Your Aunt or Grandmother had a favorite Poem, Receipe, School Report Card, or something you knew she cherished. Gather ONE DOZEN items, small items.
Your local fabric store will have all sorts of notions : Fabric, Sewing Machines, Craft books, Sewing Ideas, and Books to help you with Inspirational Ideas. The staff will also be very helpful to you.
You will NEED: Glue gun, Glue sticks, Favorite Fabric, Several Cherished Items.
Measure your box and all the pieces that the fabric will be applied to. Now your glue gun and glue are ready for use. Glue down fabric to all pieces. Glue all of your

================



======= Instance Index 2818 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A person is running on an excerise machine. the camera... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: shows the final result.

Ending 2: zooms in to the feet.

Ending 3: cuts to a club scene.

Ending 4: pans onto trees and a car driving past.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.295645
Retrieved Text: Every Friday (excluding bank holidays) we meet up at 6pm for circuit training.
The session lasts 60 minutes including a warm up and cool down stretches with a few rest breaks in the middle.
As with everything at Stoke F.I.T. the sessions are carefully planned out so that you can work in a great team environment but at your own pace.
If you’re tired and you want a break, that’s fine just work as you feel comfortable.
Circuit training is a perfect complementary excerise to running, but perfect on it’s own for weight loss and strength or conditioning training!
You might want to bring a drink of water and a small towel!
We meet at the New Horizons Academy at 5:50 for a 6pm start. The session costs £2.50 in order to pay for gym hire.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.926466
Retrieved Text: restore from the backup on the standby instance — I’m assuming you are using the IBM SAMPLE database for this excerise.
On the standby database, you need to set the same db config values except you need to flip them around so they are correct – LOCAL values become REMOTE values.
if it says anything other than ‘peer’ then there is a problem. One common problem is a firewall… if you are doing this on a windows box with a firewall, then you will have to open up the HADR ports both ways.
You now have a HADR pair up and running — anything you do on the primary will be done on the standby as well. Be sure to review things that don’t work.
Standby for Part 3 where we will go over how to switch back and forth from primary to standby.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.284767
Retrieved Text: A global soft drink and beverage manufacturer was experiencing difficulties with case packing orientation and count errors that were resulting in customer complaints and machine downtime because of jams. Acquire Automation, an automation solutions and services provider headquartered in Fishers (Indianapolis), IN, was hired to develop a complete packaging inspection system to solve these problems. The solution was integrated within an existing case packer and uses machine vision to count and verify the orientation of 40- and 50-count cases of shrink-wrapped and non-shrink-wrapped juice boxes.
The inspection line includes a machine vision system, a Programmable Logic Controller (PLC)-based feedback control system, an intuitive Human Machine Interface (HMI), and an imaging frame, which ensures that the camera is protected and that the product is properly illuminated. The HMI and the imaging frame are both designed by Acquire Automation. The vision system uses a Matrox Iris GT smart camera for imaging and tool algorithm execution. Other machine vision components include a breakout board, imaging lens, 120 V high-frequency fluorescent lights, and cabling.
The inspection application was developed using Matrox Design Assistant, an integrated development environment (IDE) bundled with Iris GT smart camera. The IDE enables users to create machine vision applications by constructing flowcharts instead of coding programs or scripts. Once development is completed, the project (or flowchart) is uploaded and stored locally on the camera. The project is then deployed on the Iris GT and monitored from the easy-to-use web-based Human Machine Interface (HMI) running on a PC. An operator can interact and adjust the system without connecting to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.94633
Retrieved Text: The camera remains one of the most integral parts of game infrastructure. We all know how bad camera controls can interfere with the enjoyment of even the most entertaining game. But one of the most important aspects of the camera is one that we hardly think about: the camera perspective. The camera perspective can directly affect how you perceive a game and its world, with first-person, third-person, and even second-person cameras providing alternate viewpoints on the same world. Still, why does the purpose and power of perspective get looked over so often? Skill-based multiplayer shooters are normally first-person, RPG’s are normally third-person, and art house games attempt experimental second-person camera projects; this is the way the world works. But why do we use certain camera perspectives for certain types of games? Well, let’s take a look.
Let us first delve into the third-person and its effects. The Avatar Machine allows ordinary people to see themselves in third person, similar to certain video games. As we spend all of our lives in a first-person perspective, viewing oneself in third-person causes a slight disconnect in identity. Marc Owens, the creator of the Avatar Machine, has observed the behavior of people using the machine compared to their normal behavior. What Marc found was that people in the avatar machine tended to have exaggerated movements and behavior, people would act sillier, braver, or meaner in the Avatar Machine and felt more like they were in a video game than acting as themselves. The third-person view allowed them a greater sense of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.691895
Retrieved Text: KIG Inc - New and Used SMT Printers MPM, DEK, and more!
Tested, calibrated, and run off by an MPM technician!
From left to right, the years are (approximately) 2002 MPM UP-3000 Ultraflex, 1998 MPM UP-3000-A and 1996 MPM UP-3000/3030. The '96 is the closest to being a running machine. It needs a camera (included, we have one) and some flappers replaced (included on the 1998). The '98 is indeed a parts machine, as implied above. The 2002 Ultraflex, which has pin placement, needs a camera and we are told possibly some repair to the vision boards.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.682089
Retrieved Text: This kind of excellent updated version of our own key photographic camera and also MP4 is an ideal body-worn concealed video clip / sound saving option kind of Researchers, Unknown Customers or any other experts in search of a high quality body-worn secret agent camera answer.
The press button Versus attach camera contains a 480 Television for computer brand, low Zero.Five lux CCD model running Friend or maybe NTSC methods, which has a top quality mike. Being used some sort of given a couple of identified keys plus fasteners jointly more groups of links in order to complete the particular hide.
Much like your preceding creation process the actual option spy video camera powers over MP4, consequently it is not necessary for the additional power supply. The actual MP4â€˜s central Lithium-ion battery willpower the machine for Three hours on a entire impose and the method features a strong Info taking method. The particular MPEG4 recorders includes a 2.5â€ TFT Live view screen monitor, user-friendly and uncomplicated operate buttons, is definitely built employing good quality materials and it is very compact. A Sdcard recording system will take playing cards approximately 32 gb possesses some documenting modes (approximately 720 y 576 - Partner).
This specific fantastic fresh procedure carries a movement prognosis ability and therefore is suppled that has a handy remote control for straightforward in addition to very discreet begin And stop associated with files. Add on to this occassion plus particular date press, vibration notifications with regard to recording as well as transmission great loss and you've got an

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.400265
Retrieved Text: Sports/Recreation Archives - Page 64 of 69 - Stock Footage, Inc.
Woman encouraging her friend who is doing situps.
Trucking shot from street as woman runs down sidewalk.
Tight shot of a woman using an arm press machine at the gym.
Trucking shot from street as woman jogs down sidewalk.
Tight shot of a woman using an arm press machine.
Short haired woman running down the sidewalk downtown.
Short haired woman jogging down the sidewalk downtown.
Racking focus shot of a woman running up the sidewalk.
Firetruck leaving as woman runs by on sidewalk.
Panning tilting shot of a woman using a stationary bike at the gym.
Woman running down sidewalk toward and past the camera.
Woman using a stationary bike at the gym.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.371204
Retrieved Text: If you have Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera then we strongly recommend that you download and run this (Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera) repair tool.
Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera will appear and crash the current program window.
Your computer crashes frequently showing Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera whilst running the same program.
Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera and other critical errors can occur when your Windows operating system becomes corrupted. Opening programs will be slower and response times will lag. When you have multiple applications running, you may experience crashes and freezes. There can be numerous causes of this error including excessive startup entries, registry errors, hardware/RAM decline, fragmented files, unnecessary or redundant program installations and so on.
In order to fix your error, it is recommended that you download the 'Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera Repair Tool'. This is an advanced optimization tool that can repair all the problems that are slowing your computer down. You will also dramatically improve the speed of your machine when you address all the problems just mentioned.
Recommended: In order to repair your system and Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera, download and run Reimage. This repair tool will locate, identify, and fix thousands of Windows errors. Your computer should also run faster and smoother after using this software.
There are many reasons why Canon Sd950 Lens Error Restart Camera happen, including having malware, spyware, or programs not installing properly. You can have all kinds of system conflicts, registry errors, and Active X errors. Reimage specializes in Windows

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.362732
Retrieved Text: If you have Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera then we strongly recommend that you download and run this (Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera) repair tool.
Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera will appear and crash the current program window.
Your computer crashes frequently showing Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera whilst running the same program.
Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera and other critical errors can occur when your Windows operating system becomes corrupted. Opening programs will be slower and response times will lag. When you have multiple applications running, you may experience crashes and freezes. There can be numerous causes of this error including excessive startup entries, registry errors, hardware/RAM decline, fragmented files, unnecessary or redundant program installations and so on.
In order to fix your error, it is recommended that you download the 'Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera Repair Tool'. This is an advanced optimization tool that can repair all the problems that are slowing your computer down. You will also dramatically improve the speed of your machine when you address all the problems just mentioned.
Recommended: In order to repair your system and Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera, download and run Reimage. This repair tool will locate, identify, and fix thousands of Windows errors. Your computer should also run faster and smoother after using this software.
There are many reasons why Canon Sd890 Lens Error Restart Camera happen, including having malware, spyware, or programs not installing properly. You can have all kinds of system conflicts, registry errors, and Active X errors. Reimage specializes in Windows

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.302664
Retrieved Text: When eating is one of your greatest pleasures and exercise is one of your biggest adversaries, it can seem impossible to lose weight. But small changes make a big difference, and there are ways you can modify your current lifestyle to eat fewer calories, burn more of them and remain just as satisfied.
Creating a weight loss plan provides accountability and lends you help when you feel stuck. Your plan should include short-term and long-term goals, healthy meal and snack ideas, workout routines, motivation factors and ideas for lifestyle changes you can make that will help you slim down. To keep off the weight you lose, it’s important that your plan features strategies you feel strongly about and can stick to for a lifetime – not just temporarily.
Increasing your daily physical activity will help you manage your weight, even if it isn’t enough to spur weight loss on its own. Mayo Clinic nutritionist Katherine Zeratsky says that cutting calories in your diet is more effective for weight loss than exercising, but that walking for even 30 minutes a day can help you lose an extra 1/3 pound every week. If you find a sport or activity you like and want to do often, you’re likely to lose weight even faster. For a 200-pound person, an hour of playing basketball, football or tennis burns more than 700 calories!
Cutting calories doesn’t mean that you have to feel hungry all the time or eat salad at every meal. If you like to eat, then eat – but make healthy, low-calorie

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.259623
Retrieved Text: Machine learning is revolutionizing our lives by automating and simplifying work processes and improving several industries to our benefit. For example, in the automotive sector machine learning will have the biggest impact on identification and navigation of roads and obstacles in real-time for autonomous driving. We will see the more heavy use of machine learning running on edge embedded systems also in robots in manufacturing facilities.
This course will boost your know-how towards a concrete use of machine learning by giving an introduction what machine learning is all about and especially its role in embedded edge devices. During the course, we retrain an image recognition model that detects objects. This training course includes hands-on exercises and we will use Google’s Tensorflow on your own laptop, cloud machine and Raspberry Pi with a camera attached.
We will use Python on this course. Prior Python experience is not necessary but basic programming concepts understanding is required. You should also have minimal prior experience using Linux/UNIX as a user.
Approximately half of the time will be on hands-on exercises. They have been designed to highlight the development process of machine learning.
We use a PC as a host. On the target we run Linux.
You will keep the Raspberry Pi 3+ and camera, to be able to continue exploring machine learning after the training.
Material and tools used during training.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.251484
Retrieved Text: If you think Polaroid SX-70 camera film is too difficult to control, try SLR670α. If you want to play with manual control, try SLR670-S and SLR670-X. Either way, MiNT proudly presents to you an advancement to the original Polaroid SX-70 film camera. Be the first to enter a bold new age in instant photography.
Get the updates and special offers of Polaroid instant film camera direct to your inbox.
Time Machine allows you to adjust the shutter speed of your SLR670 manually. It's a never-seen-before technological breakthrough with 16 different manual magic settings including B mode. What's more, you can even choose A100 for SX-70 films and A600 for 600 films on the Time Machine. Most advanced Polaroid SX-70 film camera for you to enjoy shooting in all lighting condition.
Time Machine gives you power over your Polaroid film camera. When using the ordinary SX-70, the photographer is often controlled by the camera. With Time Machine, you control your camera. lt also gives you many more options to shoot when and where you want. That's why SLR670-S and SLR670-X are the best Polaroid SX-70 film camera in the world.
Time Machine lets you take photos with Polaroid ISO100 or ISO600 film, without ND filters.
For long exposures, use B mode. Keep pressing the shutter button and it will keep exposing. Perfect for light painting.
This is for extra long exposures where you can press the button once to open the shutter and once to close the shutter. Someone crazy tried using this mode to take pictures of stars at night.
We never stop

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.212019
Retrieved Text: Hi, I am starting a new level which for the most part is actually running well, I've used a version of world machine to build a giant map 4096x. I am doing testing of a combined 1st/3rd person game with a switching view between two camera booms, the problem comes when from the 3rd person perspective the character falls through some of the more angled complex ravine areas, deep up to the neck! from the first person view the camera (has collisions) but will just view through the terrain. I am experimenting with 'Nav mesh walking' for the entire level and dont really want to cheat by making certain areas inaccessible. What can I do to just REFINE this ? I want to use generated terrain, without too much painting, sculpting type fixes... Just wanted to ask the question is there any way to improve JUST the actual collision heights just in certain areas..? I know where the problems mostly are and could adjust them? Conversely, should I try adjusting the nav mesh tiling size for the whole terrain etc. to improve this? Any settings recommendations? I've built and re-built nav mesh /paths many times, and trying re-loading but there's no major difference in the problem areas. Thanks!
Nav mesh walking helps a lot, with smaller sized squares I believe... ALSO I am using tessellation height /displacement on the terrain and I think when launching vs. just running with play in the editor window it wasn't changing terrain height to wherever the walking, collisions are happening ,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.96547
Retrieved Text: I am in the process of trying to find the cause of this problem, either it be Abelcam or a Logitech driver issue. Frequently the camera will 'turn off' and stop working, displaying the default Orbit camera picture inside of Abelcam. When I restart Abelcam it works again till the next time. The camera runs from days down to hours.
I run the same OrbitMP/AbelCam/Driver 11.5 combination on an XP-Pro box here and it works fine. My cam site runs 24/7, unattended, and I haven't had any Orbit stopping issues since the hideous 10.0 series of driver releases.
Note that I said unattended. There's not much else running on the AbelCam box and 99% of the time there's no interactive user logged in. So it's not a real challenging environment.
I have minimal 2003 SBS experience - don't even have any 2003 boxes running here. I didn't realize 11.5 drivers would even install on 2003, I know when I tried to install them on Win 2000 the installer popped an alert box saying (in essense) "sorry - XP or Vista only".
So I'd suggest you look at driver compatibility first. Maybe test by falling back to an 8.x driver (see ftp.logitech.com). And of course the other thing to look at is what else is running (i.e. is some app or service periodically trying to steal ownership of the camera?).
I also had this installed on an XP box with similiar results. When Abelcam stops displaying the videw I get the message that it took to long capturing frames and deactivates the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.947151
Retrieved Text: - Customer advised that Export Licence required and recommendation made to submit an application which is a cost and commitment free excerise i.e. it costs nothing to submit an application and an application does not mean an obligation to purchase from us.
- Customer completes End User letter and submits to our office who in turn submit with licence application to BERR.
- Order complete for shipping at same time as Export License issued.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.73248
Retrieved Text: Wow nice chunk of research there! I haven't checked the RPT when I was doing this last night.
_fx="hbaoplus"; _fx ppEffectEnable true; _fx ppEffectAdjust [10,10,2,2,12,12,12,12,20,10]; _fx ppEffectCommit 0; Was experimenting and found this PP effect. Not sure what the ppEffectAdjust parameters are, but you can tinker with them and see the ambient occlusion change.
Might be kinda late, but I gave this another shot tonight, and I got it working on my machine! This is truly incredible! Going to play around with registering my own SQF command.
This is the goal. It's just going to take some time to reimplement a lot of the game's standard functionality for third-person, since switching the camera in ArmA removes a lot of features for the player.
Thanks for the report, I'll look into that tonight.
Version 0.15 released! 0.15 / Nov 1, 2018: Made camera settings configurable (via Options > Addon Options > CineCam). Reduced default film grain value. Disabled CineCam's post-process effects by default (can be enabled via Addon Options).
Due to demand, the next thing I will be working on is implementing user-configurable settings to tweak various parts of CineCam.
Version 0.14 released! 0.14 / Oct 31, 2018: Improved camera offsets for practicality. Prevent firing while viewing map. Fixed issue where attempting to fire in full-auto with an empty magazine would playing the click sound every frame. Fixed issue where firing in full-auto for certain machine guns would only fire single shots. Remove inadequate night-vision handling.
To Bohemia Interactive: It would be really really cool of you to provide a camera command that restores controls

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.660702
Retrieved Text: Zoe, Just found your blog and read through it for the first time. You should be proud of your accomplishments so far and i am certain you continue to make strides towards your goals.
Congratulations on your accomplishment. I wish I had the motivation and willpower to do the same. I could stand to lose a few pounds and can start on an excerise plan but never end up following through..

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.545923
Retrieved Text: On a whim, I bought a KBGear "JamCam" from a local store. This is a very inexpensive digital camera, able to save images at 640*480 resolution. It has almost no features, and can hold 8 pictures at a time, unless you buy additional memory.
An example of the results that can be obtained are these pictures of my part of my study. Notice how the dog has snuck her way in to the second picture at the crucial moment. There is also a better picture of the study, taken with a Kodak DC280 camera. Susie has made her way into this one too. My wife would say the study needs tidying (and she would be right).
On the positive side, the JamCam was only $50 Canadian - say about $35 US.
I had some trouble getting it to work, using the serial port connection. I could not get it to work at all with a Pentium 120, but was successful with a Pentium 933 Mhz, and later with a Pentium 4 1.8 MHz. Nor was I successful with a Pentium 2 200 Mhz NEC laptop. All of these machines were running Windows 2000 at the time. Downloading pictures is quite slow, and the camera is very heavy on its 9 volt battery - I could take and download about 24 to 36 pictures with one battery, costing about $5. So it is not much cheaper than film to operate!
The JamCam also has a USB connection, but I was not able to get this to work on any machine I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.486149
Retrieved Text: I have Debian installed on my A64, trimmed down to be headless. It only offers SSH connections with only TTY & SSH access.
It works fine but gphoto2 throws an error when attempting to access my Canon EOS 350d.
I also specified a port using --port and tried --summary. Received the same error.
Last year on a Debian build and AMD X64 machine it worked fine. My Win 10 machine sees the camera just fine. Does anyone have any guidance?
I found a post somewhere that indicates in some cases, in order to run gphoto2, the user must be running with root privileges. So, I ran gphoto2 using sudo and it works mostly. When I say 'mostly', I mean that after entering SHELL mode, then exiting, I receive similar errors from my original post. Resetting the camera clears the error.
So, basically my solution to the problem I asked about is to run gphoto2 using sudo.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.478264
Retrieved Text: ​From the photo point of view, the machine uses the under-screen camera opening technology, consistent with the news of Lenovo’s official micro-transparent.
Not long ago, a new Lenovo model L78071 appeared in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The picture on the website of the Ministry of Industry and Information shows that this phone is suspected to be equipped with three cameras, or it will become Lenovo’s first three-camera phone.
According to the data of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the machine is equipped with a 6.3-inch screen, the body size is 156.7×74.5×7.8mm, running Android system, built-in 3210mAh battery. From the real machine diagram given by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Lenovo L78071 will use rear three-shot, rear fingerprint recognition; the front looks like the use of water drop screen design, but the picture given by the Ministry of Industry is not very clear, can not be 100% judgment is the drop screen design Or the screen opening design.
However, from the current real machine photo, the aircraft will use the screen camera opening technology, which is another new comprehensive screen design language after the 18:9 full screen.
On processor side not yet confirmed, it maybe sd8150 or newly launched sd675.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.453533
Retrieved Text: "Undoukai" is "Excerise Festival" in Japan. Every school has one. I took pictures of my students from two schools, one in Mitaka and one in Nakano. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.284163
Retrieved Text: Open-source software and modular embedded hardware facilitates the rapid development of systems to detect counterfeit banknotes.
Traditionally, many systems builders have developed custom vision applications using off-the-shelf Windows-based PC hardware and vendor supplied software libraries. However, there is a growing trend to use less expensive embedded systems hardware, open-source operating system software such as Linux, and open-source image processing libraries such as OpenCV ( www.opencv.org).
To demonstrate how such an industrial machine vision application can be built quickly and effciently using embedded systems and open source software, Danish camera vendor Qtechnology (Valby, Denmark; www.qtec.com) recently teamed with Advanced Micro Devices (AMD; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; www.amd.com) and Mentor Graphics (Wilsonville, OR, USA; www.mentor.com).
Using an industrial camera based on AMD’s R series system-on-chip (SoC, formerly codenamed “Merlin Falcon”) running Mentor Embedded Linux operating system, Qtechnology has developed a system to perform high-speed scanning and validation of paper currency.
tion (Figures 2a and 2b).
The FPGA inside the camera controls the sensor’s settings, processes the images and transfers captured images over a PCIe interface. Several operations are performed by the FPGA such as image, white balance, perspective and illumination correction, thus offoad-ing the main CPUs of the task.
Figure 1: Using an industrial camera prototype, based upon AMD’s R series SoC (formerly codenamed “Merlin Falcon”) running Mentor Embedded Linux operating system, Qtechnology has created a system to perform high-speed scanning and validation of paper currency.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.24851
Retrieved Text: The seated hip lift is a great beginner excerise that strengthens the legs and groin as well as the lower back. The convience of this excercise allows you to do it nearly anywhere. Follow these simple steps and incorporate this into your daily routine!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.14688
Retrieved Text: This sneakers Uppers with Flyknit technology, you can weave parts of the upper into a whole, Fashion, soft, breathable, comfortable, high quality.
The MD soles with high elasticity and good softness can be bended freely.Perfect accord with human body engineering, green, healthy concept design.
The elastic design can protect the feet as well as enhance the stability,make you fullflexible and comfortable when you are doing excerise.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.131098
Retrieved Text: Arms of Love, part of Arizona Baptist Children's Services, is hosting a 5k walk/run in Prescott, AZ on Saturday, September 3rd at 9:00 AM. We will be raising awareness for the need of foster parents, as well as support foster care in Arizona! Come out and enjoy getting excerise and fresh air in the beautiful mountains Prescott has to offer.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.130363
Retrieved Text: More and more people are taking an interest in keeping fit these days and love to go running on treadmills at the gym or in the home. But who does the washing while you are keeping fit on the treadmill? There could be an answer to this thanks to Si Hyeong Ryu, a product design graduate who has come up with a concept of the Wheel washing machine treadmill for the 2014 Electrolux Design Lab competition, Home of Tomorrow.
The Wheel washing machine treadmill is essentially a human hamster wheel that is able to capture the kinetic energy when a person is running and this energy can then be used to power home appliances.
The Wheel comes with a washing machine built into the framework and it is powered by running on the treadmill, which in turn churns the water in the washer and washes the clothing. At the same time it provides the user with information on the display such as speed and distance covered.
Ryu said that there is a feature designed around washing balls in the canisters and this means that washing time is cut down and at the same time they help to cut down on the amount of water used. The machine could also wash and refresh clothes along with flattening out wrinkles just at the push of one button. The washer/dryer sprays pods of liquid onto the clothing and when washed, dry air is circulated through the device and your item is ready in 10 minutes.
The wheel features treadmill like mechanisms for a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.12695
Retrieved Text: I got two bronze medal Friday. I finished scanning but disastrously wrong. I can not remove the surface roughness. Please help me in this forum , what should the settings.
Motorized or hand held laser?
Please post a screenshot of the laser on the object.
Use smaller patterns to show DAVID more markers to do the cam calibration.
Did you solve your "jumping line" issue with the Basler cam?
I Would love to help you but i have no experience with laser scanner.
For the same distortion in SLS i would suggest to change the position of camera (top, down, left, right of projector). but no idea about the laser.
But as Gunter suggested, I think you need to use a smaller calibration scale, so that you can have the whole image in your camera.
and another thing i guess is related to the camera resolution. try lower and higher resolution with different frame rate and exposure time.
You have Gunter here, dont worry. just do exactly what he asks and the problem will be discovered.
The laser goes Mach3 stepper motor controller in a PC running XP Professional. The other PC is running Win7 32 bit David. Two completely independent machine. The Basler camera jump around the entire software re-installation solved. We do not charge David with Mach3, it runs on another machine. I have a suspicion the laser is not uniformly moving object but the small jumps. This Aroof But people slow down.
it seems we need some pipeline to understand eachother.
I got a Hungarian user help, he has Basler camera.
Tough not to be used

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.010311
Retrieved Text: The software finds a virtual camera path through the original clip.
Wearable cameras like GoPro and Google Glass will only become more common in years to come. The only problem? Latched to our dumb bodies, they make everything look like it was shot during the Running of the Bulls, just without any of the excitement of, you know, running with bulls. Microsoft's got some wild new software to fix that.
A team of researchers recently demoed an application that smooths out jerky, first-person video into fantastically smooth hyperlapse clips. The results look like something you'd expect from a camera attached to a drone, not a clumsy biped.
As the researchers show in this clip, standard image stabilization doesn't work when you speed up first-person videos. The new approach is much more sophisticated. First, an algorithm looks at the frames from the original video and reconstructs the photographer's path through three-dimensional space. Then it derives a new, smooth camera path that can be created from it. By warping the perspective on some of the original shots and stitching and blending them together, it ends up with a fluid, fast-paced new clip. The researchers say they're working on packaging it up for the public as a Windows application.
It's all very impressive stuff. But it's also kind of strange, in the sense that these algorithms are transforming a very real, first-person document of an experience into something wholly artificial. The results may feel more "natural" than the original, unstabilized videos, but they're not. In fact, they're the opposite. Here we're not seeing

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.966354
Retrieved Text: The audio technician is the person who sits in front of that big, intimidating mixer and makes everything sound good. In actuality, it’s not that hard at all. If you have an ear for how things should sound, we can easily train you to run sound on our board. Through multiple hands-on training sessions and observation of others running the board, learning goes quickly. The most important aspect of this job is focus and thinking ahead.
The computer operator sits next to the sound board operator. This person is mainly in charge of advancing the slides for the worship service. This consists of hitting the right arrow button 100+ times every Sunday morning. They also launch the video stream to YouTube. Concentration is the key for this job. If you miss the button and the slide does not advance, well, we call it the “holy hiccup.” We try to avoid that.
The camera operator takes his perch in the balcony and is in charge of the camera and the internet feed. This person has 2 basic jobs: 1). move the camera to follow the action on stage, and 2). use the video mixer to choose what view (camera or computer) is being broadcast to the internet and to the TV’s throughout the building. It’s not a hard job, unless Gary Head is preaching and running across the stage unexpectedly.
If you are interested in helping with the AV Team, or if you just want to find out more, please contact Gary Moyers at 806-763-0464. Or you can email him

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.900148
Retrieved Text: Indoor pool, whirlpool, excerise room, meeting room, free enhanced continental breakfast. - Near Ankeny Airport.
In Ankeny, closest nearby city is Des Moines. Near Ankeny Airport.

================



======= Instance Index 73 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Ingredients are sitting on a wooden block. a person... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: adds flour to a baking pan.

Ending 2: starts mixing the ingredients together.

Ending 3: puts salt, lemon juice in a pot, then adds eggs, cheese, ham, and some other hoagies.

Ending 4: is mixing the ingredients in an iron.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.349543
Retrieved Text: Have you tired of modern sitting furniture that is as durable as it is expensive? Have you get bored of standard sizes, designs and dimensions of market bought sitting furniture that are often to not fit to your space correctly? Time to stop compromising on prices and sizes of market bought sitting furniture, it is time to opt for the DIY pallet sofas or sitting furniture sets that can be made easily at home in any size and dimensions you want! The big blasting good news is that the pallet-made sofas are too durable to beat the manufactured sofa models are having price almost equal to zero! Are you not going to believe it? Just checkout this very special DIY wooden pallet sofa set, made for part sitting and to enjoy family get together! This hand-built pallet sofa set is self-explanatory in design and durability!
Reduce the landfills by grabbing some pallets and just do amazing pallet furniture! Here building this gorgeous sitting set is not a big hassle! No wood crafting experience is require, what you have to do is to separate apart the selected shipping pallets into single pieces and then to reassemble those dismantled pallet slats in new dimensions by making robust chairs and sofa seats!
Make different sets of wooden pallet slats to build parts of the pallet sofa or chair you are working on! You can pack each particular set of slats flat to build robust backrests, seats and armrests but you need to build the primary frame first with the same torn

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.845442
Retrieved Text: nellie laundry laundry soda load.
where to find cheap furniture where to buy cheap furniture where can i find cheap office furniture find cheap furniture stores.
concrete blocks planters cinder block raised garden bed concrete blocks planters best on against foundation g.
how to clean acrylic tub how to clean acrylic tub acrylic bathtub.
sansevieria fernwood living plants punk 1 4.
slow cooker recipes 5 ingredients or less power pressure cooker cookbook 5 ingredients or less quick easy delicious electric pressure cooker recipes for fast healthy meals.
drywall anchor screws drywall anchor metal with screw.
corner tv stands wooden corner wooden stands economy corner stand oak corner stands for flat screens.
difference between sofa and loveseat is there a difference between a sofa and a couch.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.570896
Retrieved Text: In such case, the Tantric performs a small ritual in which he takes the ingredients, given below in his right hand. The Hindi language names have also been given next to the English names.
And then, he performs an Utara of the person who believes that he is possessed or going to get possessed, by rotating these ingredients 7 times, in a clockwise manner, around the head of that person.
He, then throws these ingredients on a street corner, where 4 roads meet.
Along with this, the Yantra shown in the image is prepared on a Bhojpatra using Ashtagandha Paste as the ink and a small pointed wooden stick as the pen.
The Yantra is then worshiped by placing it on a wooden board and lighting incense and an oil lamp before the Yantra.
Then, the Yantra is inserted in a metal locket or cloth Taveez and given to the fearful person to wear around his neck or on the right wrist as a protective talisman.
Both the steps, which are described are part of the same paranormal remedy for removing the fear or phobia of being infected with the spirits of dead bodies. They are performed simultaneously on the affected person for exorcising this phobia from this mind.
Note- Please do a site search for many more remedies, Yantras, Mantras and Tone-Totke and Upay for similar problems.
That is correct, the name should be written in place of Devdutt.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.411343
Retrieved Text: Have your favourite photos professionally mounted onto wooden blocks!
These are available in both 18mm and 25mm thickness, which will look great hung on the wall, sitting on an easel, or simply freestanding. As we can complete these in a matter of minutes they are a great alternative to canvas prints - especially if time is an issue!
All the blocks are 100% New Zealand made with a acid-free and pH neutral adhesive, ensuring that your pictures will look just as good for years to come. There are two keyholes cut into the back of each block to make for easy hanging (either protrait or landscape).
Block Mounts are available in standard sizes, but other sizes can be made on request.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.159058
Retrieved Text: easter wood crafts cute craft ideas for kids intended for wood crafts.
easter wood crafts step 4.
easter wood crafts primitive wood bunny standing by on.
easter wood crafts wood crafts for spring and sitting wooden chicken craft.
easter wood crafts fingerprint carrot and bunny craft for kids sassy.
easter wood crafts egg clothespin craft.
easter wood crafts bunny a wood craft.
easter wood crafts splendid mason jar crafts page of stuffs wood crafts related post primitive wooden crafts primitive wood crafts wood crafts.
easter wood crafts handmade wooden bunny with green egg by.
easter wood crafts crafts for 9.
easter wood crafts eggs wood.
easter wood crafts painted rustic rabbit.
easter wood crafts 6 wooden eggs.
easter wood crafts i traced the bunnies on to patterned scrapbook paper and then painted the edges of the wood cutouts while the paint was drying i cut out my scrapbook paper.
easter wood crafts wooden block bunny bunny decor bunny decor.
easter wood crafts wooden crafts a wooden saint day crafts hang on.
easter wood crafts rabbit friends.
easter wood crafts wood crafts for spring and white wooden bunny.
easter wood crafts reclaimed wood bunny this was a fun project the reclaimed wood.
easter wood crafts baby chick.
easter wood crafts egg candle holders crafts decorations how to seasonal.
easter wood crafts set of 3 bunnies spring bunny wood crafts holiday.
easter wood crafts wood crafts find craft favorite wood pallet projects crafty morning.
easter wood crafts egg wooden hanging pendants tags wooden cutouts unfinished wood crafts with twine for.
easter wood crafts wood block craft paint a bunny outline and a giant pom pom i made this for to decorate her

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.875578
Retrieved Text: In this project I want to tell you about your sitting place indoor or outdoor, that how you can make you sitting place comfortable where you can easily sit with your friends and you can enjoy with your friends or family. So, you can learn in our DIY project about Wooden pallet corner sofa and there are some ideas we shown you which are all very unique and beautiful which you can watch easily in the pictures and you can take any idea from here free. These are all made from the wooden pallet that you already know this wood completely.
Wow this is an amazing sitting place in which the wooden pallet corner sofa’s are placed and it looks so fabulous because its cuteness. This is made from the pallet look it carefully and try to understand this because it is mostly used in the houses and thousands peoples are follow this style of sitting.
In this picture a simple set of wooden pallet sofa and the table is shown which is placed in the house and this set of pallets are looking so nice. You can also watch in the picture that the beautiful cushions are placed on the sofa’s which increase the beauty of the sofa’s. So, you can sit on this easily and you can take coffee and can take rest with your friends when you’re tired.
It is a outdoor sitting planing about wooden pallet sofa which is shown in the picture and you watch in the picture that the beautiful cushions are put

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.751915
Retrieved Text: Caron & Doucet Cuisine prides itself on providing high quality, all natural products. Keeping your quality cast iron cookware and favorite wooden utensils in excellent condition is hard when you don’t have the right supplies. With Caron & Doucet Cuisine products, you'll always have what you need to properly care for your wood and cast iron kitchen tools. With ingredients like coconut oil, rice, and other plant-based ingredients, these products are food-safe and good for you. Pick up Caron & Doucet Cuisine products today!
Wood is a beautiful material for kitchen utensils, but it requires some extra love and care to keep its good looks. Caron & Doucet Cuisine’s Food Safe Wood Wax adds a protective coating to wooden utensils, cutting boards and butcher blocks. The wax coating helps protect the wood from stains and water damage. Hydrating your wood products with wax will also restore the wood’s natural color and shine. Using food-safe wood oil after applying wood wax is recommended, to help seal in the wax coating.
The Food Safe Wood Oil made by Caron & Doucet Cuisine acts as lotion for your wooden kitchenware. The oil penetrates cracks and hydrates the wood to keep it from drying out and splintering. Use it on your knife block, salad bowls, cutting boards, and more!
Keep your cast iron tip-top shape with the Caron & Doucet Food Safe Cast-Iron Oil. Use this oil after every use to keep your cast iron protected from damage. Useful on woks, skillets, griddles, and more!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.64354
Retrieved Text: Sitting Pretty’s Frida Sandal. Made from 100% Leather.
Frida Sandal Specifications: 100% Leather upper, Cross ankle strap, Adjustable buckle fastener, Peep toe, Suede Leather insole, Wooden Block heel, True to size.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.590073
Retrieved Text: This property located on the Ardara/Portnoo main road (R261) 3 miles from the heritage town of Ardara and within walking distance of Ballinreavy Strand (Sandfield). Property comprises a block built, 1½ storey house, slate roof, hardwood windows, vacuum sealed double panes.
Entrance hallway (1’8” x 5’10”) wooden floor, built in storage, radiator.
Corridor to bedrooms (28’x 3’3”) carpet, radiator, doorway to first floor.
Sitting room (15’ x 13’) wooden floor, open fireplace, side & front windows, radiator.
Living room (15’ x 14’10”) wooden floor, rayburn oil range, side & rear windows, large built-in hotpress, built-in storage press, radiator.
Kitchen (12’10” x 9’9”) fitted units, breakfast counter, Belling hob & oven/, tiled floor, radiator.
Rear Porch (7’x 3’5”) PVC back door, storage press, linoleum floor covering.
Bedroom (9’6” x 9’) built-in units, carpet, radiator.
Bedroom (14’ x 9’10”) built-in units, carpet, radiator.
Bathroom (19’ x 6’9”) bath, w.c., shower unit, washbasin, tiled floor, heated towel rail.
Ground floor area: 1,512 sq.ft.
Landing (10’8” x 15’8”) carpet.
Bedroom (16’ x 10’8”) gable window, carpet.
First floor area: 583.20 sq ft.
Detached Garage is block built with slate roof, 2 side windows, concrete floor, light & power points, single and double doors.
Large site with further development potential.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.506369
Retrieved Text: The evening breeze cooled my sticky, sweat soaked skin as I swatted at the mosquitos in search of a meal. A welcomed chill ran up my spine as I glanced up at the summer stars above the rickety, wooden balcony that provided me a seat. The boy across from me rearranged the cement block he rested on, catching my attention. I breathed in the smell of salt and dirt coming from his sun-stained and tired body. A smirk crept across my lips as I watched his muscles tense and release in an effort to find comfort sitting on cement.
© Ashley Campbell and Sitting in the Stacks, (2018).
Noncommercial duplications, excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to D. Ashley Campbell and Sitting in the Stacks with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.375105
Retrieved Text: RE: The tariff classification of a back brush with massager from China.
In your letter dated May 12, 1998, you requested a tariff classification ruling.
The submitted sample is a bath brush with massager. It consists of a wooden handle onto which an oval wooden block is mounted. Polyethylene bristles are attached to a one side of the block forming a brush, and wooden nubs are attached to the other side of the block, forming a massager. A polyester hanger cord is looped through a hole at the end of the handle. The overall length of the item is approximately 17".
The bath brush with massager is a composite good whose essential character is not clearly imparted by either the brush or the massager. General Rule of Interpretation ("GRI") 3(c), Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) provides that such products shall be classified under the heading which occurs last in numerical order among those which equally merit consideration. In this case, the brush comes last.
The applicable subheading for the back brush with massager will be 9603.29.8090, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS), which provides for ...other toilet brushes for use on the person,... other: valued over 40 cents each, other. The rate of duty will be 0.3 cents each plus 3.6% ad valorem.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.320152
Retrieved Text: record rack vinyl storage cabinet shelves holder plans mineral.
record rack wire deer block wild berry.
record rack corner store for the home regarding vinyl storage remodel deer block reviews.
record rack mid century modern vinyl on wheels in rosewood pine bluff ar store hours.
record rack storage wall mounted vinyl records regarding display stand design ennis.
record rack vintage mid century modern atomic magazine holder pine bluff ar store hours.
record rack vinyl storage vintage mineral block.
record rack 6 of vintage mid century modern wire metal stand storage vinyl carrier mineral.
record rack storing box wooden inches of shelf deer block reviews.
record rack deer corn with molasses.
record rack rpm vintage wire holder corner store urban outfitters.
record rack vintage mid century modern player table and the perfect addition to golden deer nuggets ingredients.
record rack mid century modern copper steel wire vinyl holder storage by on v i n t a g e d c o r mineral block.
record rack vinyl with records 1 deer block reviews.
record rack vinyl storage drawer boxes wood i 1 4 records 7 inch shelves pine bluff arkansas.
record rack vinyl storage best ideas on deer block ingredients.
record rack super premium deer block.
record rack two drawer style magazine or pine bluff arkansas.
record rack vintage retro metal red atomic feet and handles holds golden nuggets.
record rack vinyl storage plans shelving mineral block.
record rack photo for the golden nuggets price.
record rack mid century wire retro holder hi met mineral reviews.
record rack choice mineral deer corn sportsmans.
record rack era vinyl image 1 deer block reviews.
record rack corner store vinyl for our going to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.289429
Retrieved Text: Basalite decorative concrete block are excellent alternatives to employ on your Decor in present day design and style. The dark and light color blend is effective basalite decorative concrete block to bring glossy and modern appearance in clean surface. For people that like white and black colors, this thought of creating Decor cabinets will be basalite decorative concrete block perfect to pick. Black color could be basalite decorative concrete block your dim color which isn’t applicable for inside for a number of persons.
Decor faucet and sink combo can be thought to be basalite decorative concrete block for sale put in your Decor. Within this basalite decorative concrete block for sale modern era, Decor spout can be obtained with better style and complete function. Decor sink has a role to scrub the Decor home basalite decorative concrete block for sale equipment or Decor ingredients, but additionally it may be the Decor inside if you select the ones that are perfect. At this time you can get Basalite decorative concrete block to embellish your Decor. What does include in Decor faucet and sink combos? You can seethe’combo’ duration of the product, it means you may get greater than 1 thing when acquire it.
Wooden household furniture is king in many layout model, for where to buy basalite decorative concrete block example countrystyle. Wooden household furniture can relieve the coziness of this area and make the feeling warmer. Soft color forests are favored in comparison to the dark colored kinds. You can make everything blend much more closely by adding

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.236328
Retrieved Text: Essentially, you can catch fish in a 1-block pond, although it's a bit awkward to get the line in. Sitting in a boat, fishing in an ocean, and raining each increase the chance of catching a fish by 2x each for a total of 8x speed in a boat on an ocean while raining. (Correct me if I'm wrong about this.)... "Build working boat minecraft boat building academy cape town,books on wooden boat building 2 person speed boat plans,diy sailboat mast plywood jon boat design." "Homemade inflatable boat plans houseboat plans kits australia,how to build sailboat stands plans for ice boat,woodworking tools for boat building building a small rowboat."
23/11/2016 · african queen model boat plans. Billing boats african queen b588, the african queen is the ship which gave its name to the movie starring katherine hepburn and humphrey model boat … how to make a gate door in minecraft Crafting a boat only requires a few basic materials, and can significantly aid and speed up your exploration. See Step 1 below to learn how to create and use boats in Minecraft. Made by wikihow.com See Step 1 below to learn how to create and use boats in Minecraft.
21/02/2015 · Miniature hydroplane plans How to build a hydroplanes - 17 hydroplane woodworking plans, Following is an assortment of hydroplane woodworking plans. these plans are not for the novice woodworker. building a hydroplane requires a good knowledge and a lot.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.19776
Retrieved Text: Someshwar Mahadev temple is situated in Sankri or Saur village in Mori block of Uttarkashi in Uttarakhand. This temple is dedicated to lord Shiva of Hindus. This beautifully built temple is also the local deity the region and is the place of immense religious significance & faith for villagers. Someshwar Mahadev temple is also a tourist attraction for thousands of tourists visiting treks like Kedarkantha, Har ki Doon, Bali Pass, Juda ka Talab etc. Temple is also home to celebrate local festivals and fairs. Thousands of devotees from around the world come to this this temple to understand the local culture & architecture of the temple.
Someshwar Mahadev temple is an example of pure wooden art. Made with Deodar wood, the walls of temples are filled with amazing artwork. The carving on wood depicts the rich history, culture, traditions by local artists. The architecture of is in pure Pahadi style. The roof of the temple is made with flat and slim stones called 'Pathal' in local language. Temple gate is made up of shining metal with beautiful carving on it. The area of temple is planned in a very beautiful manner with sitting area, benches, a small wooden meeting room & plenty of space in temple premises. While sitting on the stairs or sitting rows of temples, you can adore the temple and Swargarohini peaks in it backdrop at the same time.
Temple is cocooned in Govind wildlife sanctuary and national park in Sankri range of Uttarkashi. Direct buses from Dehradun railway station to Sankri are available on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.096725
Retrieved Text: #50612417 - Top view of a wooden spoon of white Calcium carbonate tablets..
#70056961 - Ingredients or products containing calcium and dietary fiber,..
#82120453 - Close up top view of healthy almond milk in drinking glass with..
#21412029 - Drinking milk. Asian family drinking milk at home. Beautiful..
#29575963 - Different tools for sport and diet food on white background..
#38339629 - Glass of organic milk and full jar on white wooden table still..
#21412028 - Drinking milk. Happy Asian family drinking milk at home. Beautiful..
#30509925 - Infographic apple health concept template design . concept vector..
#51018536 - Zinc. Vitamins and minerals foods. Vector flat icons graphic..
#58290069 - Calcium mineral nutrition infographic with medical and food icons:..
#21618087 - Beautiful pregnant mother pour out milk into glass on the house..
#25059145 - Dairy products, milk, cottage cheese, yogurt, sour cream and..
#43835366 - set of benefits of calcium.infographic element.healthcare concept.vector..
#21412031 - Eating yoghurt . Happy Asian family eating yogurt at home. Beautiful..
#9378048 - happy young woman and her son having a picnic outdoor on a summer..
#59629014 - Set of vitamins and minerals foods illustration.Healthy food..
#22351030 - Asian 8 months pregnant woman enjoying a glass of soymilk as..
#81507619 - Funny milk characters - bottle, glass, carton box with smiling..
#49483775 - Products containing calcium (milk, cheese, walnuts, sardines,..
#87705093 - Little asian girl sitting and holding a glass of milk over white..
#88177106 - Ingredients or products containing calcium, dietary fiber and..

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.077444
Retrieved Text: #50532323 - Casual happy woman dieting and eating cornflakes sitting on a..
#40390030 - Healthy Breakfast with coffee, corn flakes, milk and berry on..
#46555203 - Cornflakes cereal and milk. Morning breakfast.
#48589775 - Vector illustration of a bowl of corn flakes cereal and a carton..
#38869892 - Breakfast cereal with blueberries bananas and raspberries on..
#102575322 - Healthy ingredients containing carbohydrates, dietary fiber and..
#85284260 - Realistic illustration with a milk splash and chocolate rings..
#29035568 - Healthy breakfast - yogurt with muesli and berries - health and..
#72900017 - Multigrain wholewheat healthy cereals with fresh blueberry, coffee..
#28293933 - Healthy breakfast - yogurt with muesli and berries - health and..
#86272948 - Happy joyful woman pouring milk into a bowl while sitting and..
#55775706 - portrait of young asian woman eating cereals for breakfast in..
#105244859 - LONDON, UK - JUNE 01, 2018: Box of Kelloggs Frosties Breakfast..
#90237981 - Girl and boy clink glasses with orange juice at breakfast.
#83666446 - Sleepy children eat breakfast in the morning.
#72655129 - Delicious and nutritious breakfast muesli or granola cereal with..
#116125462 - Nutritious ingredients and products containing vitamin B3 and..
#85069417 - Breakfast in hotel, catering buffet. Glass filed with museli,..
#77067553 - Healthy breakfast with coffee, variety of cold quick cereals..
#93987526 - Bowl with corn flakes, jug of milk on purple background. oncept..
#89720237 - Corn Flakes coated chocolate isolated on white background.
#84156612 - Plate of homemade muesli with cornflakes, freezedried cranberry,..
#94425332 - Bowl with corn flakes, jug of milk on purple background, top..
#96378358 - Healthy breakfast ingredients. Breakfast cereal, milk or yogurt..
#96059769 - Healthy breakfast ingredients. Breakfast cereal, milk or yogurt..
#96997236

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.057236
Retrieved Text: This little one dozed off in a nice hot bubble bath after all that hard work trick or treating!
His tiny spider friend that lives on his web wings is also hand made.
A ghost dragon pod with his very own coffin sleeping chamber and satin blankie!
Dragon: Polymer sculpted inside a real shell, apoxie. acrylics.
This adorable little trick or treater is ready for some halloween fun in her spooky little outfit! Even the monstrous ground she stands on wants your candy.
Give me something sweet to eat..
Be prepared for a ghostly scare!
Little ghost girl glows in the dark!
Bubbling drippy oozing slime dragon!
Ingredients: Polymer clay, apoxie, glass beads, acrylics.
The face of this wondrous woodland witch and faerie friend was sculpted in polymer clay and painted in high quality acrylic and water mixable oils. Her striking blue eyes are also hand painted and glossed. Her head is securely attached to a wooden candlestick base which has been stained and sealed.
The hat and fabrics are recycled materials torn and weathered.
Other ingredients: paverpol, glue, twigs, leaves, tissue paper, glass glitter, glass beads, angora mohair, fibers, acrylics.
Baby Boo Bones Glows in the dark!
Ingredients: Wire and aluminum armature, glow in the dark polymer, silk fiber cob webs, acrylics.
Drooling spider dragon sitting inside a skull munchin on the remains of his recently departed...prey. Eeeek!
Ingredients: Polymer clay, shell, acrylics, paper, fibers, love.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.017916
Retrieved Text: This beginners wooden block mosaic toy by Melissa & Doug features 10 simply designed colorful patterns, to cover with 100+ blocks in different shapes and colors.
Keeps children engaged for hours in rewarding play! Pattern Blocks and Boards Learning Wooden Toy by Melissa & Doug features 10 simply designed colorful patterns, and over 100 pattern blocks in 6 different shapes and colors to replicate the pattern shown. Sturdy wooden case with a see-through lid comes with this craft set for easy clean up and storage. The creative pattern wooden mosaic develops shape and color recognition, motor and manipulative skills. Pattern Blocks and Boards Learning Wooden Toy from Educational Toys Planet is a great toy for child's inquiring mind and hands.
Dimensions of package 8.75" x 1.5" x 13"
Write your own review of Pattern Blocks and Boards Learning Wooden Toy.
Rating: 5 by Christopher Green, NM Very educational and fun mosaic set. My daughter plays with it for hours. Thank you!
Rating: 5 by Angela, IL This one is fantastic. My son was having a hard time sitting still for even 5 minutes to complete an art project. Now, he literally sits for at least a half hour to complete several of the puzzles. Thank you!
Rating: 5 by Linda, CA My Grandson is so into colors and shapes, he's enjoying this.
Rating: 5 by Karen, OH a great learning toy- our daughter enjoys sitting down with it and matching all the shapes to make the pictures!
Rating: 5 by Nancy, NC I'm a retired teacher so I know the value of Pattern Blocks.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.599215
Retrieved Text: Even though there are numerous packaging choices available in the industry for shipping various goods, not all are appropriate for respectively. Your choice of a packaging option depends on the following factors.
Among all the packaging options available, a wooden pallet is one of the most suitable solutions for transporting goods. Wooden pallets in Denver are considered to be an ideal packing option when shipping things in wholesale or bulk. This is because, they are robust and unaffected, and are designed to support a lot of weight. Moreover, they are totally customizable and can be castoff to transmit a full variety of supplies. Wooden pallets are harmless and are less expected to cause tumbles when related to other packingchoices such as shrink wrapping.
Wooden pallets can be transportedrapidly by a single person using pallet jack or a forklift without causing any workplace injuries. Corrugated wooden pallets are light-weight, and this property makes them an ideal choice to save on carriageprices. These wooden pallets can be reprocessed many times and correspond to industry and environmental standards.
Remember, several types of Denver pallets that suit your needs if you want to transport goods with wooden pallets. Here we have discussed three common types of wooden pallets.
Block pallets use both parallel and perpendicular pieces of wood and are strong and sturdy. The upper deck is supported by 4 to 12 blocks of solid wood with four entry points, making them easy to handle. This makes them versatile choice of pallets for transporting. Block pallets can be lifted using fork-lift, pallet jack, or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.521664
Retrieved Text: Reusable sanding blocks help you save money and time. To generate them all you would like is really a handful of pieces of scrap lumber. Reduce a bit of 2x4 into a rectangle somewhere around 2 inches broad and four inches prolonged. Slice a piece of sandpaper the dimensions of one's block. Then, spray a person aspect in the piece of lumber with spray adhesive and cling the sandpaper for the block of wooden.
If you are heading to become staining your woodworking task, utilize a pre-stain conditioner within the wood. If you use a pre-stain conditioner, you may be less likely to note any blotches or irregularities inside your completed project. These conditioners will clean out the uneven nature with the wooden and allow your stain to penetrate evenly.
Before you receive started off on any woodworking task, do some investigate about the type of wood you will end up utilizing. Several types of wood take up paint and stain in another way, some far too much, and some not enough. If you aren't selected about which kind of wooden you may need, just request help.
Tape may be your close friend when gluing stained wood alongside one another. Put the two items of wood alongside one another inside of a clamp and tape the seam just before making use of the glue. Carefully reduce the tape together the joint after which individual the two items of your wood and implement the glue alongside the joint. Clamp jointly and permit to dry. The tape will preserve the glue

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.43443
Retrieved Text: The Zwilling J.A. Henckels Twin Four Star II 13 Piece Block Set contains seven of the most widely used knives in the kitchen, four steak knives, a sharpening steel, kitchen scissors, and a beautiful wooden knife block.
The 3" paring knife and 2.75" paring knife are great for peeling and paring fruits and vegetables, as well as adding garnishments.
The 5" serrated utility knife is a multipurpose tool for a variety of tasks around the kitchen. It excels at cutting though foods with thick outsides and soft insides, such as tomatoes or sausages. You can also use it for cheese and small breads such as muffins, bagels, and sandwiches.
The 8" Chef's knife is great for chopping and dicing vegetables and for slicing meats and fish.
The 8" Bread knife is scalloped to allow it to easily slice through thick crusts and continue gliding though the soft bread hidden below.
The 7" Santoku is used to chop vegetables, slice meat and fish, and the wide blade can be used both to crush garlic and to scoop up ingredients and deposit them into a bowl, pot, or pan.
The four steak knives are perfectly balanced and weighted to allow the knife to do most of the work for you, cutting gracefully though the thickest cut steak or chop.
Kitchen scissors are useful for trimming all kinds of food in the three dimensions of space in your kitchen. They especially come in handy when you need to trim pieces of meat into bite-sized pieces for a stew.
The sharpening steel will allow you to keep your

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.346327
Retrieved Text: Pinemoon Cave is a small cave located to the northwest of Dragon Bridge and east of Volskygge. It is inhabited by vampires and wolves. It contains only one interior zone: Pinemoon Cave.
In front of the entrance is a small camping site with an extinguished campfire and several sawn logs arranged for sitting on around the extinguished campfire. Nearby there is also a wood chopping block and three white cap mushrooms are growing around the entrance to the cave.
You enter into a short tunnel lit by a lantern atop a barrel. The tunnel opens out into the first of two cavern rooms, where you will encounter two leveled wolves. There are many rock pillars in this first room, which is brightly lit by three braziers on stands. Around this chamber are several deer skulls mounted upon posts.
There is a small tunnel opposite you upon entering the chamber. It takes a couple of turns before opening out into the main area containing two vampires and one master vampire. There is a vampire standing near where you enter on a raised section above the main part of the room, with an earthern ramp leading down in front of where you enter. The vampire will have their back to you unless they have been alerted to your presence. The master vampire is visible at the back of the room wandering near a podium on another raised area. The third vampire is wandering near some wooden benches arranged in front of the podium.
Below the raised section via which you enter is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.313837
Retrieved Text: I've been getting more into digital lifestyle improvements recently, and with that has come a greater interest in office and desk design. When you work on a computer 50+ hours a week, but also hit the screen for several hours in your leisure time, there comes a point in your life where you start to appreciate the finer aesthetics of lifestyle design. Since most of my early years were spent with a pencil and a piece of paper drawing all manner of comic book art, animals, and inanimate objects, I already had an eye towards artistic thinking; I just left my office and desk design to the standard troupe of cubicle life or pressed wood and Staples supplies.
Minimums recently turned me onto a company called Artifox that makes a fantastic handcrafted desk (two, actually--one sitting and one standing), but they also make wooden wall mounts for bicycles and a nice little desktop item they call a peg block set.
You can see this peg block set in the header image of this blog post. It's a solid piece of wood that has been drilled out to contain four cylinder slots. When you get the peg block set, it comes with four cylinder pegs in those slots. These pegs can be removed, and you can use the block to hold your pencils, scissors, or any other manner of desktop item you might need to organize in some sort of holder. The pegs themselves contain strong magnets on the bottom of them. These magnets work great on lengths of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.310144
Retrieved Text: Inanimate objects do not have any thermal energy (Herrmann-Abell & DeBoer, 2010).
A living person, a living plant, a dead plant, and a penny all have thermal energy.
A living person, a dead plant, and a penny all have thermal energy.
For two wooden blocks that are at the same temperature, the block that weighs more has more thermal energy.
All things have thermal energy because thermal energy is the result of atoms moving, and all things are made up of atoms that are moving.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.29376
Retrieved Text: wooden stool side table or plant formed by three elephants round.
wood stool side table block white tree trunk teak massive burl,round wooden side table stool tables white bedside furniture setup wood,round wooden side table stool wood block buy creative of the sofa coffee,wood stool side table round wooden block or end bed gt art design house,large rustic stool side table at round wooden white wood,round wooden side table stool wood block how to turn a into intelligent,wood block side table stool natural tree stump west elm round wooden,wood stool side table round wooden white solid iron accent end 3 set,tall rustic stool or side table for sale at round wooden wood block,round wooden side table stool wood white small tables big on style and character.
round wooden side table stool wood block buy creative of the sofa coffee,round wooden side table stool wood block how to turn a into intelligent,round wooden side table stool tables white bedside furniture setup wood,wood stool side table block white tree trunk teak massive burl,large rustic stool side table at round wooden white wood,wood block side table stool natural tree stump west elm round wooden,wood stool side table round wooden block or end bed gt art design house,round wooden side table stool wood white small tables big on style and character,tall rustic stool or side table for sale at round wooden wood block,wood stool side table round wooden white solid iron accent end 3 set.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.224403
Retrieved Text: Difference between revisions of "Hoes"
A tool crafted using 2 [[Stick|sticks]] for the handle, and 2 [[Wooden planks|wooden planks]], [[iron ingot]],[[Gold Ingot]],[[diamond]] or [[Cobblestone|cobblestone]].
Hoes are used to till soil for harvest. To till soil/[[Grass|grass]], just shift-click a dirt/grass block within ( counting the last block)a 3 block radius of water. The block will turn into [[Farmland|farmland]], ready for planting seeds.
Hoes are used to till soil for harvest. To till either [[Dirt|dirt]] and [[Grass|grass]]. Shift-click a [[dirt]] or [[grass]] block within a three block radius of water. The block will turn into [[Farmland|farmland]], ready for planting seeds.
Hoes using two [[Stick|sticks]] and two [[Wooden planks|wooden planks]], [[Cobblestone|cobblestone]], [[iron ingot|iron ingots]], [[Gold Ingot|gold ingots]] or [[diamond|diamonds]]. Each makes their respective type. In order from worst to best, these are the tiers: Gold, Wooden, Stone, Iron, then Diamond.
Hoes are used to till soil for harvest. To till either dirt and grass. Shift-click a dirt or grass block within a three block radius of water. The block will turn into farmland, ready for planting seeds.
Hoes using two sticks and two wooden planks, cobblestone, iron ingots, gold ingots or diamonds. Each makes their respective type. In order from worst to best, these are the tiers: Gold, Wooden, Stone, Iron, then Diamond.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.177595
Retrieved Text: My fond memory of eating gado gado is sitting cross legged on a raised wooden platform on Gili Air, looking out to the blue ocean, slightly salty from a swim and warmed from the sun. Gili Air is a beautiful island off Bali, where there are no cars so the only way to get around is walking, bicycle (although riding on sand is really hard) or horse and cart. We were there 3 or 4 years ago so hopefully it hasn’t changed much, because the simplicity and lack of pretentious posers was a welcome relief from busy, busy Seminyak.
The spicy, room temperature salad is a perfect antidote to hot summer days and it takes me back to beautiful Gili Air. Enjoy!
Prepare all your salad ingredients.
Put everything out on a plate. Devour! Also good the next day for lunch, so make extra.
It sauce looks healthy and tasty!! I’ll definitely try to make this, Thanks for sharing.Merry Christmas!!!!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.136948
Retrieved Text: This lovely wooden Block Trolley comes with 24 coloured wooden blocks. The trolley is very stable and is a great walking aid for any little person just learning to walk. When the walking gets too much the blocks provide hours of pleasure. As the years pass by the blocks can be used in a variety of building projects limited only by the imagination. The wooden blocks can be carried in the toy trucks, made into houses, used as furniture in the dolls house and the trolley can be used to carry teddy bears all around the lounge room.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.126902
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 10:14:07 am at 04/25/2019 10:14:07 am in Pen To Write On Wood.
pen to write on wood person writing on brown wooden table near white ceramic mug moleskine synchronizes analog and digital sketching with their courtesy of moleskine.
justwritelegowatch uva alumni parents friends pad of paper pen on a wood background, the best school supplies for back to school in reviews by the best school supplies for back to school, messograf pocket caliper pen garrett wade messograf caliper pen by garrett wade, feather pen set feather quill wood pen metal nibs and ink purchase additional colors of ink for use with your feather pen set, woodburning basics woodburning technique, the best stylus for your ipad for reviews by wirecutter a budget pick adonit mark, man wearing a dark jumper sitting at wooden desk facing you holding man wearing a dark jumper sitting at wooden desk facing you holding a pen in his right hand about to write in a blank notebook with his left hand with a , feather pen set feather quill wood pen metal nibs and ink feather pen and quill set, rustico blog our top picks for midrange pens, code ethics write notepad pen on stock photo edit now code of ethics write notepad with pen on wood, video how to write a check .

================



======= Instance Index 1635 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The video begins with four pictures of contracted human abdomens. there... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are several pictures of the animals in fields, and then the product profiles of several sheep.

Ending 2: is an animation, on how to make a drink and when to order it.

Ending 3: 's a young girl dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches.

Ending 4: 's an individual carving out an abdomens face with a croquet mallet.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.423563
Retrieved Text: Four patients have contracted a rare pathogen from local pigs, but there is no evidence to suggest the infection could spread from human to human, the National Hospital of Infectious and Tropical Diseases said.
Veterianrians vaccinate pigs at a fram in northern province of Ninh Binh.
Hospital director Nguyen Van Kinh said on May 3 that all those who had contracted the streptococcus suis bacteria, commonly found in pigs, had eaten undercooked pork products made from diseased swine.
The hospital receives 1-2 people per day suspected of having contracted the bacterium, said Dr. Kinh, adding that they suffered symptoms such as fevers and nausea.
The four infected patients include three who caught meningitis and one with blood poisoning.
According to epidemic experts, streptococcus suis cases occur all year round, however, the number of patients has increased sharply with the rise of the blue-ear pig disease in several provinces recently.
As part of the efforts to combat the disease, the ministry has warned traders not to buy and sell pork without authorized certification of its origin or quarantine.
The Ministry of Health also warmed that people should not eat pigs’ blood curd, sick pigs or undercooked pork.
In related news, 47 people contracted diarrhea after having a weeding party at Han village, Ly Nhan District, in the northern province of Ha Nam, said Dang Dinh Thoang, Director of the province’s Preventive Health Center.
Thoang said on May 3 that four out of 47 wedding guests had been taken to the hospital in serious condition.
Most of the infected patients ate unsafe food and drank polluted water, Thoang

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.392542
Retrieved Text: The study of the structure of organisms and their parts.
Do birds have quadriceps and thighs fused into their hips?
Are there any anatomy books focusing on etymology?
Is this claim about equine anatomy true?
What does it mean for sodium and water reabsorption to be “coupled” in the nephron?
What are the max angles of human eyeball rotation?
How much can our eyeballs rotate towards the nose, away from it, towards the top and bottom?
Why do eyes change colour after death?
Are the transverse septum in sharks and the diaphragm in mammals homologous structures?
Why did some animals evolve inward-slanted legs?
Why do some insects constantly move their abdomens?
Why do some insects, such as wasps, constantly move their abdomens?
What is the function of the Hyoepiglottic ligament?
What are the (correct) terms for these flagella-arrangements?
Do the individual claws of a bear have names?
The question seems pretty self-explanatory (if perhaps a little odd). Anatomical names or colloquial names are both appreciated, especially the latter if they exist.
How are neural pathways discovered?
How much smaller is the diffusivity of a molecule in the retina as opposed to the vitreous of the eye?
Are tendons and ligaments classified under muscular system or bone system? Basically they are not bones or muscles and that's why I have doubt.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.353493
Retrieved Text: Lucy is a video designer, motion graphics artist, and illustrator. Broadway credits include Lifespan of a Fact, Six Degrees of Separation, and Deaf West’s revival of Spring Awakening. Recent Off Broadway credits include After the Blast (Lincoln Center), The Treasurer (Playwrights Horizons), and Yen (MCC). As a video and projections designer, she has worked with some of the most innovative theater directors on and off Broadway, including Michael Arden, David Cromer, Trip Cullman, Sam Gold, Tina Landau, Lila Neugebauer, and Leigh Silverman. As a graphic artist, she has contributed work to educational institutions such as The New York Historical Society, The National Center for Civil and Human Rights, and the National Liberty Museum.
by Batwin and Robin Productions.
and interactive displays at the National Center for Civil and Human Rights in Atlanta, Georgia.
Contracted by Batwin and Robin Productions.
the Edgewater Hotel in Madison, Wisconsin. Contracted by Batwin and Robin Productions.
onboard the Ms. Koningsdam. Contracted by Batwin and Robin Productions.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.974918
Retrieved Text: Frisky male black widow spiders shake their abdomens to produce carefully pitched vibrations and avoid attacks by females, according to new research published in the open access journal Frontiers in Zoology.
Researchers recorded the vibrations made on webs by male black widow spider (Latrodectus hesperus), hobo spider (Tegenaria agrestis) and prey items. They found that black widows vibrated their abdomens, producing very different sounds to other spiders and to prey items. The researchers played the recordings to females and found that they were much less likely to attack sounds made by black widow males. No spiders were harmed during this experiment – males were kept safe from the females at all times!
Whenever male spiders step on females’ webs to make their romantic approaches, they create vibrations which the females feel. The females use vibrations of the web to detect their prey, and so for males, making advances is risky business – they might be attacked by a female if she thinks they are potential prey.
The scientists recorded the vibrations produced by males of both species, and those produced by common prey items, and compared them. They found that black widow courtship signals differed more from prey vibrations than hobo spider courtship signals did. Black widow males vibrating their abdomens created vibrations with a distinct form to those made by prey items, and also at an especially low-amplitude – much quieter (see the below Notes to Editor for links to videos).
They then played the recordings back to female black widow to see how they reacted and found the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.948915
Retrieved Text: Spiders are not insects but rather arachnids. They all have eight legs, two body regions, and multiple pairs of eyes. They do not have wings, antennae, or chewing mouthparts. While there are tens of thousands of spiders found throughout the world, there are only a handful that are considered common to North Carolina.
These venomous spiders are easily recognizable by the red hourglass-like mark on the underside of their abdomens. Black in color, these arachnids also appear with lighter red or white spots on the abdomens and backs.
As their name suggests these spiders looks very similar to real black widow spiders, but they lack the distinctive hourglass-like markings.
These harmless spiders are tan or yellow in coloring and have extremely long legs and abdomens that are cylindrical in shape and longer than they are wider.
Another venomous spider, the brown recluse is known for its violin-shaped markings and brown coloring.
Large in size, the adult male giant house spider can have a four-inch leg span and the female up to two inches. Their coloring varies, often dark orange, brown, or beige.
This type of spider varies in size and coloring, making them hard to distinguish from other spiders. They do have hairy or spiny legs and are known for the spiral wheel-shaped webs they construct.
A smaller species with long thin legs, sac spiders are typically pale beige to yellow in color; they may also have a green tinge.
Dark in color, wolf spiders have stout bodies covered in hair and long, spiny legs. They do not create webs but rather hunt down

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.203653
Retrieved Text: August 8, 2006 By Heidi Ledford This article courtesy of Nature News.
Inflated craft is holding up, but fate of guests remains uncertain.
Nearly a month after the successful launch and deployment of an inflatable model space hotel (see ' The inflatable space hotel'), the craft is still going strong but the fate of its residents is as yet unknown.
The spacecraft, a 4-metre-wide watermelon-shaped hostelry called Genesis I, was launched on 12 July by US hotelier and millionaire Robert Bigelow. His company, Las Vegas-based Bigelow Aerospace, aims to use the test-run to develop inflatable space habitats for humans.
But for the meantime, this craft carries four Madagascar hissing cockroaches and roughly 20 Mexican jumping beans. News@nature.com set out to discover what had become of these hapless guests, and take a look at the state of their hotel room.
After launch, Genesis I was inflated with compressed air. That all went well and the leak rate a concern for any spacecraft, inflatable or not is so low that it is barely detectable. The temperature on board is a comfy 26 ºC. The only technical hitch so far is that the ship has adopted a slow roll that makes it difficult for land-based monitoring stations to get a fix on its antennas. That has slowed data downloading and delayed transmission of live video feed.
Without video, mission controllers are struggling to use still pictures to ascertain the situation on board.
"It actually looks like some of the jumping beans have hatched and grown," says programme manager Eric Haakonstad. The roaches are in different places

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.173845
Retrieved Text: South Korean scientists say they have engineered four beagles that glow red using cloning techniques that could help develop cures for human diseases.
Apr. 29, 2009 6:01 p.m.
SEOUL, South Korea — South Korean scientists say they have engineered four beagles that glow red using cloning techniques that could help develop cures for human diseases.
The four dogs, all named “Ruppy” — a combination of the words “ruby” and “puppy” — look like typical beagles by daylight.
But they glow red under ultraviolet light and the dogs’ nails and abdomens, which have thin skins, look red even to the naked eye.
Scientists in the United States, Japan and Europe previously have cloned fluorescent mice and pigs but this would be the first time dogs with modified genes have been cloned successfully, Lee said.
“What’s significant in this work is not the dogs expressing red colours but that we planted genes into them,” Lee said Tuesday.
He said his team took skin cells from a beagle, inserted fluorescent genes into them and put them into eggs before implanting them into the womb of a surrogate mother, a local mixed breed.
Six female beagles were born in December 2007 through a cloning with a gene that produces a red fluorescent protein that make them glow, he said. Two died but the four others survived.
The glowing dogs show it is possible to successfully insert genes with a specific trait, which could lead to implanting other, non-fluorescent genes that could help treat specific diseases, Lee said.
The scientist said his team has started to implant human disease-related genes in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.058754
Retrieved Text: It's well known that honeybees are bound to their colonies, but a recent upload, originally recorded in May 2017, has shocked viewers, as it shows worker bees engaging in a fully coordinated, wave-like defense.
The process, referred to by experts as "shimmering," involves the bees flipping their abdomens in an upward motion to repel potential predators such as the wasp in the video, according to Gizmodo.
The website also notes that the ripples of abdomens shield the insects and make it difficult for enemies to accurately select an individual bee to prey on. Much better than losing a life by trying to sting a foe!
Most dogs go crazy when they see water. Dogs love rivers, lakes, seas and pools for the same reasons we do: because splashing around is fun and helps to keep cool. This dog, as a rule, is always in a good mood and it is ready to play 24 hours a day.
Guess it’s time to set a new goal!
Do you think these monkeys are mother and child? Or maybe brother and sister? Does it really matter? What is really important is the love and care they have for each other and... you, of course! Take a break and let this cheeky monkey melt your heart!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.956879
Retrieved Text: ELF seminar: Digitalisation is not the future, it’s the present!
Over the last twenty years, digitisation has profoundly changed Europe’s societies and economies. Lately, with the rise of artificial intelligence, machine learning and automation the process is only gaining further speed. There is no doubt that these developments will bring great challenges. Therefore, purpose of this seminar and workshop is to address the impact of the digital transformation as well as discuss current trends of digitisation of the education and the labour market. This seminar will analyse digital trends, discuss the social pillar and examine how digitisation in combination with modern education can further develop European societies and tackle income and social inequalities.
09:00 Digital revolution – the driving force behind inequality?
14:00 Policy Workshop I – how to facilitate digital revolution and the transition for workers and companies?
16:00 Policy Workshop II – how to ensure that workers have necessary skills and education for the digital age?
This seminar is free of charge for the participants, and we offer a travel reimbursement of up to 80 Euros per person.
Deadline for applications to the event is 22 February at noon (12:00 pm) CET.
As all LYMEC events this seminar also applies the rules of late cancellation and no show fees: Cancellation less than 2 weeks prior to the event leads to a late cancellation fee of 50 euro, and cancellation less than 48 hours prior to the event or not attending at all leads to a late cancellation fee of 75 euro.
Events organised by European Liberal Youth (LYMEC) may be audio- and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.723017
Retrieved Text: Professional Development for you and your team!
Scroll down for details (this page will be updated regularly).
The registration packet can be downloaded here.
First session begins at 12:30p on Thursday, October 24, 2019.
Walk from your hotel room to the Summit without ever going outside! We have contracted a special rate for Summit attendees. Click here (or click one of the pictures above) for more details about booking a room.
Scroll down for more speakers!
Watch a special message from Pastor Skelly here.
KEEP SCROLLING FOR MORE SPEAKERS!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.676939
Retrieved Text: “About Us” is a human-robot ritual that analyses our dependency towards technology in completing trivial tasks. The satirical approach of the video-clip is directly inspired by the masterpiece of C. Chaplin “Eating Machine”, that 80 years ago paved the way for critical thinking in robotics. The ritual consists of four separate steps, all every much inspired by my own rutines. Four objects make for an evening date that begins with preparing to meet a partner, it goes on to dining and eventually smoking a cigarette and relaxing. Silly enough, the partner is a robotic arm UR10. Eventually, is the robot fulfilling the human purposes or is the technology mastering the human?
. Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More From Technology and Less From Each Other, 2013, print.
. Charlie Chaplin, Modern Times. Retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_1apYo6-Ow on September 21st 2017.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.65714
Retrieved Text: Humain les muscles in md. Looking for movement in this human supportive community fitness human. 600 muscles and other perform various fashion or. Labels printable price labels printable points on all supports organs interactive animations. Gained?our printable muscle of clipart illustrations. Physical, real-world environment whose elements scapula muscles home page to bones areteries. Fifteen minute developed in wedding printable. About rachael ray s guide to joint bone scapula clavicle revere ma. Fifteen minute developed in human body muscle tables:learn all areas. Articles, personal stories, blogs, q a, news, local resources, pictures video. Image of with rachael ray s cooking tips. Few muscles and quinceanera photography came off the assigned. 2011� �� are three different kinds of human arm muscles diagram robotic arm. Labeled human skeleton relaxed. Throughout your do everything from pumping blood throughout your. Antagonistic pairs on leg-3dnames of human arm muscles diagram. Read, one direction and outer. Graphics tiff 10 pair moves body muscle tables main bones form. Thousands of our whatever you lifting your body diagram health. Today s medical science nature s medical science nature. Star quality products furniture be. Image of sensory input, such upper arm may seem complicated yet. High frequency words free vector for visiting jsmithfoto encyclopaedia britannica. And hear or an eap actuated robotic arm s the includes. Off the fall into four basic parts of left. Only a star quality products categories. Chart includes pictures human choose: celebrity furniture, be sure. Bones forum with some videos. Bones, areteries, nerves printable cards wedding and basketball score sheet printable.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.615374
Retrieved Text: "Detection of West Nile Virus in Stable Flies (Diptera: Muscidae) Para" by Gregory Johnson, Nicholas Panella et al.
Stable flies, Stomoxys calcitrans (L.) (Diptera: Muscidae), an economically important pest of livestock and humans, were observed parasitizing prefledged American white pelicans, Pelecanus erythrorhynchos (Pelecaniformes: Pelecanidae), in a pelican breeding colony in northeastern Montana where die-offs attributed to West Nile virus (family Flaviviridae, genus Flavivirus, WNV) have occurred since 2002. Engorged and unengorged flies were collected off nine moribund chicks. Of 29 blood-engorged flies testing positive for vertebrate DNA, all 29 contained pelican DNA. Virus isolation was performed on 60 pools (1,176 flies) of unengorged flies using Vero cell plaque assay. Eighteen pools were positive for WNV for an estimated infection rate of 18.0 per 1,000 flies. Fifty-four percent (36/67) of abdomens from blood-engorged flies tested positive for WNV. Pelican viremia levels from the blood-engorged fly abdomens revealed that at least one of the ill pelicans circulated a viremia capable of infecting Culex mosquito vectors. Stable flies may be involved in WNV transmission within the pelican breeding colony by serving as either a mechanical vector or as a source for oral infection if ingested by predators.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.47151
Retrieved Text: Over 40 species of dragonflies can be found along the Riverway.
Most people are familiar with the four-winged insect that has a long body and colorful markings. They are sighted flying quickly or hovering as they look for prey. Dragonflies are predators, whisking other flying insects into a trap formed by their hairy legs. Their powerful jaws chomp through their prey starting with the head first. The fossil record includes dragonflies with 3-foot wingspans and indicates that dragonflies appeared on earth well before dinosaurs.
A dragonfly's life begins underwater after the female lays her eggs, dropping them into water or inserting them into a plant or sand near water. The egg hatches into a larva after about 10 days.
Dragonfly larvae live underwater for several years—up to 8 years in some species—eating other aquatic insects, tadpoles, and even small fish to survive. They shed their outer skin as they grow.
To escape from predators such as fish, dragonfly larvae can shoot water forcefully out of the ends of their abdomens which propels them quickly away from danger.
Once a larva is ready to become an adult, a transformation occurs. The dragonfly stops eating and crawls to the edge of the water. It climbs onto something that it can hold firmly and begins to gulp air to expand its body.
The outer skin then splits behind its head. Slowly, the adult dragonfly pulls itself out of its outer skin. The wings unfurl and the dragonfly rests as it dries. Once dried, it usually flies away from the water to hunt its first meal.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.433117
Retrieved Text: Or, Do You Have a Right to Lie?
Do you find the two-part title of this webinar to be somewhat… provocative?
Worry not! That was my smiling intention.
To help you always remember this webinar later (i.e., to be “sticky” in your memory).
Without it, most of us could really “care less” about such an otherwise “dry topic” as analyzing a ballot.
Yet, despite any potential “dryness,” learning this information is still extremely important for all of us who are Toastmasters – especially when it comes to being an official JUDGE at our Contests at every level.
You might perceive the second part of the title as provocative. You might even think it is going in a direction that it honestly is NOT.
Even though this is “purposely, positively provocative,” I encourage you to continue on… and you will thereby see where I am ACTUALLY going with this.
Not only that, but as we proceed through this webinar, we are also going to have some fun along the way, too!
So, now that I have your attention, I also have to explain the purpose of the INTRODUCTION.
Unquestonably, the JUDGE’S BALLOT is a comprehensive topic.
As such, to credibly teach this material, I believe that one has to be a proven expert in the material – especially because this subject matter can, does, and will cause questions for many people. I have performed every role in numerous Toastmasters contests, have competed several times, have won up to the District stage a number of times, and have trophied in the District 45 International Speech Contest. I have both

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.405964
Retrieved Text: A live chamber orchestra has been contracted by Valve to play the TI5 Opening Ceremony starting at 11 AM, local time, on August 3rd.
Evil Geniuses are your TI5 champions! Grand Finals VODS, summaries, pictures and highlights: here.
While Valve hasn’t released any details about the TI5 Opening Ceremony, according to the Video Games Live website, the orchestra is scheduled to perform at the KeyArena, in Seattle, on August 3rd, during a “DOTA 2 Championship”.
According to one of the members of the orchestra contacted by DotaBlast, Video Games Live have contracted the highly acclaimed Northwest Sinfonietta chamber orchestra to perform for the Dota 2 fans and players, during the TI5 Opening Ceremony.
The member of the orchestra (one of the musicians contracted by the Northwest Sinfonietta chamber orchestra) has clarified that – while Video Games Live is typically a full concert experience that features music from the most popular video games of all time – during the TI5 Opening Ceremony, the ensemble is expected to perform only the Dota 2 theme. The act is scheduled for the beginning of the TI5 Opening Ceremony and will last for approximately ten minutes.
The addition of a live performance by top-notch musicians not only enhances the ambiance and heightens the intensity of emotions and excitement, but also brings The International 5 to the next level of class and professionalism.
Video Games Live™ is an immersive concert event featuring music from the most popular video games of all time. Top orchestras and choirs provide a complete concert experience, performing live in conjunction with exclusive video

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.336765
Retrieved Text: Independent and multi-faceted artist. Photographer, director and performer, born in 1978 in Liguria, Italy, the place where she returned to live in 2017 after a seven years experience in Berlin, cornerstone of her spiritual, artistic and evolutionary research. She begins her photo and video self-shooting artistic path in 2005, as a “Listening” self-therapy connected to the present moment, the “here and now” and invisible energies. Her pictures and video-art works travel across the globe through exhibits and screenings, festivals, conferences, fairs and competitions, earning honorable mentions, plaques and jury awards. Important printed features, such as “Vogue Italy”, “Il Fotografo” Italian photographic magazine, “La Repubblica” national newspaper. The “Human Alienation” project is currently leased for educational purposes to the Brown University of Providence, U.S.A, and in the permanent collection of the CAM contemporary art museum of Naples, Italy.
"I focus on the awakening of consciousness through photography and videoart". I try to give shape to what socio-cultural manipulation has made unrecognizable: the human being. When I take pictures of myself I can’t see myself, I perceive myself as an energy flow together with what’s around me. I’ve never chosen my locations, rather they’ve chosen me. My research is not representation but presence, attention inside my body and concentration on the here and now where extraneous thoughts surrender and quit having any power. I separate myself from the mind, logic, calculation, rationality, from method and a linear timeline, in order to meet myself, to my true/quantic moment in which any shape or color that surrounds me is no longer

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.106756
Retrieved Text: Wolves Christmas 2014 – by Maria Ferguson - Watch the video of the Wolves at Wolf Howl Animal Preserve enjoying their Christmas Presents. See some beautiful pictures of the Pack.
Howl-o-ween Wolves by Maria Ferguson - See pictures of our beautiful Wolves in their winter coats. Watch video of their 2014 Howl-o-ween celebration. Read about all of our Wolves in October.
Seasons change at Wolf Howl Animal Preserve – by Maria Ferguson - Find out how are Wolves are doing in the beginning of Fall. Watch a video called A Wolf Song for you.
Our Wolves in August by Maria Ferguson - The Wolf Howl Animal Preserve Pack in August of 2014 complete with pictures and video. Tell us what you see in the pawprint picture I took of our Wolves. It's VERY strange!
Wolves in a Cool Summer – by Maria Ferguson - Find out how are Wolves are enjoying a cooler than normal summer. See a short video of them stalking, playing and getting treats.
June at Wolf Howl Animal Preserve by Maria Ferguson - Read about our Wolves in June of 2014 and see video of them eating their cool summer treat of ice cream.
Wolves in May, 2014 by Maria Ferguson - Find out what are Wolves were up to in May. See video of a Three Wolf Howl.
Growing Wolf Pups at Wolf Howl Animal Preserve - by Maria Ferguson - Find out what it's really like to raise four fiesty Wolf Pups. See pictures of our Wolf Pups and links to darling videos of them as well.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.092537
Retrieved Text: Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2019-04-13 22:39:33 EDT and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
This tin sign vintage decorative painting is manufactured with folded edges for safety and stability. It is suitable for many places, such as bar, cafe, dining room, billiard house, hotel, club wall decoration, creating contracted but fashionable atmosphere.
Color: As the pictures shown. Material: Tin, metal. Size: Approx. 20 * 30cm/ 8 * 12 inch(L * W). Hole Diameter: About 0.3cm/ 0.12 inch. Waterproof, Non-glare, Clean simple and Colorfast.- Creative, contracted, fashionable design. Four small pre-drilled holes in each corner of this painting, can be mounted on the wall by nails on 4 corners or double-sided tape or blu--tack. This tin sign vintage decorative painting is manufactured with folded edges for safety and stability. It is suitable for many places, such as bar, cafe, dining room, billiard house, hotel, club wall decoration, creating contracted but fashionable atmosphere.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.849197
Retrieved Text: Rosita learned about native healing plants, the Maya prayers, herbal bathing for physical and spiritual healing and the ancient technique of Maya abdominal massage, known simply as “la sobada” – the massage. Arvigo watched her mentor’s deft and wrinkled hands massage thousands of abdomens with incredibly impressive results. Maya women often arrived on the doorstep of this humble clinic in groves and gaggles to have the old bush doctor massage their abdomens for relief of painful periods, headaches, tired legs, infertility and digestive upsets.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.810556
Retrieved Text: BIG BLUE WAVE: Why does this poor-choicer think Scott Gilbert is such a poor choice?
Why does this poor-choicer think Scott Gilbert is such a poor choice?
For days and days fern hill at Dammit Janet has been clamouring on the #m312 for prolifers to name the experts that will testify to Parliament should m312 pass.
As if the experts make any difference. Science is science. There cannot be competing definitions of life.
At any rate, I suggested Scott Gilbert.
He's probably America's foremost developmental biologist. He authored a famous textbook and he is widely known for his work. He is also staunchly pro-abortion.
When I suggested Scott Gilbert, I knew fern hill was going to google his name, and I knew that she was going to find his famous essay in which he suggests that there are four points at which one can say human life begins.
I can't find that famous essay. But this article sums it up nicely. He says that among scientists there are four possible points when human life can be said to begin in a scientifically accurate fashion.
She thinks that because that this says there is no consensus on when human life begins that's a win for abortion.
It means that there is no consensus that birth is the beginning of human life.
Which is a win for the unborn. It means that the Criminal Code may be erring.
If any three of these four views are accepted by the Canadian Parliament, it still represents progress in the recognition of the unborn.
But fern hill is just bowled over laughing about

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.699139
Retrieved Text: Hi, I found this spider today, and i have no idea what it is or have never seen one like this before, i was wondering if you could tell me what kind of spider is it and if it’s harmful? Thankyou.
I am not an expert in spider identification, but I believe it is a tangle-web spider (also known as cobweb spiders and comb-footed spider). Members of this spider family (Theridiidae) are the most common arthropods found in human dwellings throughout the world. They use sticky capture silk instead of woolly silk to capture prey. Abdomens are spherical and the front legs are much larger than any other pair of legs.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.639847
Retrieved Text: Thank you for registering with MysticArt Pictures.
By registering or logging in you agree to give MysticArt Pictures right to contact you. If you do not wish to be contacted regarding casting please email us at casting@mysticartpictures.com and request that your profile be removed. This information is the sole property of MysticArt Pictures and will be used for the sole purpose of casting, developing, or producing television and film projects. Some information will be made available to Independant production companies and or networks, or producers that hire MysticArt Pictures to cast or produce their projects and applicants agree to the sharing of this information for casting and production needs by logging into our site. Each project will have a seperate video release that will be provided by the production company. MysticArt reserves the right to all materials including Application, Background Forms, Video recordings, Uploaded materials, and will only share materials if they have been contracted to cast, develop, or produce a project.
Log in to apply for a show.
WE ARE TWO DAYS AWAY FROM OUR DOUBLE DARE OPEN CALL!
We are two days away from our Double Dare open call and couldn't be more excited! Parents, if you cannot attend the open call but still wish to apply for your child, click on "Now Casting" and select "Double Dare" to submit your child's application!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.559578
Retrieved Text: The project uses industrial design and video mapping techniques to create a thought-provoking installation which is meant to encourage visitors to reflect on the changes brought about by the Anthropocene epoch in the last fifty years.
The Anthropocene in a proposed geologic term for an epoch that begins when human activities have had a significant global impact on the Earth's ecosystems. The effects of the accelerating human changes are not clearly discernible at the Earth system level. Many key indicators of the functioning of the Earth system are now showing responses that are, at least in part, driven by the changing human imprint on the planet. The human imprint influences all the components of the global environment- oceans, coastal zone, atmosphere and land.
Installation espesifically discuss Great Acceleration that had happened on four earth spheres - hydrosphere, lithosphere, biosphere and atmosphere. It highlights the growth of population, water use, atmospheric CO2 concentration and domesticated land.
The installation was prepared in cooperation with the Copernicus Science Center in Warsaw and exhibited during the Przemiany Festival in 2016.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.527708
Retrieved Text: Hollister New Image High Output ultra clear Drainable Pouches are discreet drainable pouches with comfortwear panels which provide a soft, cloth-like, fabric-type covering between the pouch and the skin and is very comfortable against the skin. It eliminates pressure on tender post-operative abdomens with the exclusive floating flange. It provides utmost security and confidence with the patented locking system that audibly clicks into place. Soft Tap spout is soft and comfortable against the skin and allows for ease in emptying the pouch. Confidence assured with odor containing pouch materials, eg transparent, odor-barrier Film. Eliminates pressure on tender post operative abdomens with the exclusive floating flange. Plastic belt tabs permit easy attachment of a belt to the pouch for additional security.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.51498
Retrieved Text: The bear position for me is a full body exercise that can be used to strengthen muscles, stabilise joints and kill your core. Of course, if done correctly. Let us go over execution first and the benefits of good execution.
➡ Create a posterior tilt with your pelvis. This will help contract the Rectus Abdominis and will also allow you to contract the obliques and TVA later on with the breathing. Your hip joint needs to directly above the knee joint. In a way you are creating a small square between your wrists and knees. ➡ Take a deep breath in and raise your knees off the floor, but keep them close to it. Do not let your hips elevate higher than your shoulders. Ideally same level, or slightly below. Do not lean forward, keep your weight in the centre of the square.
➡ Breathe in through your nose, breathe out through your mouth. Once you exhale, create a vacuum with your Transverse abdomens and obliques, by pulling your naval towards your lumbar spine. If you want to make it harder, also contract your pelvic floor on the exhale. On the inhale, relax the contraction, but stay off the floor. Exhale - repeat. ➡ Keep going for as long as possible, but do not let your lower back kick in. The moment you feel lower back pain, come out and re-adjust the position.
☑ Shoulder stability - you are allowing the glenohumeral and scapulothoracic joints to work together by creating depression and retraction - brilliant for improving posture.
☑ Hip

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.463507
Retrieved Text: Video sources Contacts, Vol. She sees herself in her subjects; the doors between her life and her work are kept wide open. The journey is longer than that. Organized into 10 chapters, this book begins with an overview of the classic study of the genetics of homosexuality. In fact, the mask as an expression of the self is crucial to transvestism. This book discusses as well the psychodynamic theories based on the principle that all human behavior is primarily sexual. Transvestites, transsexuals, and homosexuals will also find this book useful.
Responsive of the tickets were proceeding queens — men that get splendid and act originally women for the underside of samsung dating apps or governing. Transvestism pictures the enchanted suppose comes first, and then the workaholics. You resolution, the beauty, the fitting of entire-female pctures, the road, and the allure. In this region, which is also pictyres name of one of her have-booksNan Goldin longed to take her feet, between and Paola Sarappa Goldin, N. Adds by Nan Goldin. One book is a doorman game for us, psychologists, counsellors, and transvestism pictures others. Most of those who action themselves with the third pilot have the small to move her objectives and bodies in charge transvestism pictures facilitate their rapport feelings, which may not have anything to do with being either fearful or given. It opposites at us. In the 70s her companions mostly got transvestism pictures style notice from fashion characters, like Transvestism pictures, a impressive of manifesto of transvestism pictures and sundry. Her use is delicate

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.303158
Retrieved Text: Class ranks for spring 2007.
New Chicago-Kent Law Review members.
Orientation leaders and mentors wanted.
Scholarship status for continuing students.
Researching employers sessions to be held in August.
Greenberg Traurig seeking student volunteers for mediation training.
July 25: Save the date - Post bar party.
2007 commencement video and photos.
Diploma information for 2007 grads.
2007 grads: Staying in touch with Chicago-Kent.
Fall 2007 externship: Office of the Illinois Attorney General.
Fall 2007 externship: Litigation Technology.
Diplomas and composite pictures for Class of 2008.
Summer program for foreign undergraduate law students.
SofTest registration and download site for summer 2007 final exams opened Thursday, July 5.
Print account balances were reset on May 21.
Latest McAfee DAT file is sdat5074.
Summer library hours extended for exams.
Summer session building and library hours, May 21 through July 23.
Summer biweekly Record publication schedule.
Tuesday afternoon Human Resources office hours now held in room 656.
New staff member training sessions.
Moot Court Summer Candidacy Program begins July 16.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.29473
Retrieved Text: Meredith Vieira did not explicitly endorse a pro-life position in her report for NBC’s Today Show. But her coverage of an amazing new 4D imaging technology speaks louder than anyone’s words.
As we approach the annual observance of “Sanctity of Human Life Sunday,” I think videos like this one give us an opportunity to reflect upon the blight of abortion-on-demand in our country. So while you watch the video of these unborn babies (and please, watch the video), keep in mind that it is legal in the U.S. to kill the little ones that you are looking at.
Pro-choice people generally don’t like videos such as these because the pictures are powerfully suggestive of the humanity of the unborn. As long as the unborn are invisible, people generally won’t feel the need to cope with what is being killed in an abortion. The babies can be dehumanized as “fetuses” or “tissue.” But pictures like these put the lie to that fiction.
Please watch this four-minute video, and share it with friends. No preaching is necessary. The pictures speak for themselves.
A New Strategy for a Just War?
I saw this piece live and heard Meredith say that and almost couldn’t believe it. I was thrilled. It is quite an amazing video…I’ll second the fact that all should watch it.
As a father of twins, I totally agree. Right from birth our twins were not happy unless they were cuddled next to each other. Amazing.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.293541
Retrieved Text: Our Yearly Poker Night is a self-produced 20-mins short film. Set in a London speakeasy ambiance, it features four friends meeting 10 years after high-school.
ICRC contracted us to create a fast-paced, visually attractive video documenting their Energy Challenge, a programme aimed at brainstorming and changing in-house processes relating to energy.
Bestmile, a fast-rising Swiss startup based in Lausanne, contracted us to create their promotional opening video.
CNBC in collaboration with Saxo Bank was looking for a motion graphics animation to explain how new technologies can help the DIY investor.
Portrait photography for the promotion of our short film Our Yearly Poker Night.
Wealth Kernel, an fast rising startup based in London asked us for professional hipster-style portraits of the co-founders.
A collection of team photos for websites.
Wedding in Geneva – Two person all-day shoot of a wedding and celebrations.
This project included taking photos of the entire space at Impact Hub Geneva for brochures and website.
Ebook design, layout, visual identity.
Here is a compilation of some photos taken at various workshops.
Yoga teacher Johnson Chong asked us to record his annual spiritual retreat in Bhutan.
We conceptualised, filmed and animated this promotional video for British Telecom, detailing part of their new digital banking programme.

================



======= Instance Index 2356 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Several people are gathered around a net on the beach. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are playing a game of volleyball.

Ending 2: are engaged in a contest of grabbing and holding a ball.

Ending 3: are engaged in a game of curling.

Ending 4: are holding and playing a game of volleyball.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.450836
Retrieved Text: Sailing Adventures of David & Kathy: Stormy Day in Port Resolution, Tanna Island, Vanuatu.
Stormy Day in Port Resolution, Tanna Island, Vanuatu.
A cold weather front associated with a very large high moved across the island group yesterday. Strong winds and heavy rain buffeted the boat and kept us boat bound the majority of the day. Temperatures dropped to around seventy two degrees prompting a search for socks and blankets to warm bodies not accustomed to such chilly temperatures.
I awoke at six to listen to the Fiji radio net the "Rag" 8.173 mhz and to check with several boats just outside the bay who were waiting for morning light to enter Port Resolution. They were anxious to get into the bay as the conditions outside were lumpy with twenty five to thirty knots and it had been a long cold night of waiting.
Kathy rose to her normal routine of making coffee and a quick egg breakfast and then spent the morning reading up on Vanuatu and finishing a novel. I plunked away on the keyboard updating my blog and then went to work racking my batch of pineapple wine… more on this later. Around nine I'd completed all my planned tasks for the day and instead of bugging Kathy I started to think about making a grand lunch as the stormy weather continued outside. The best lunch idea seemed to be pizza so I set to work making the dough. Kathy did a stint on the computer catching up on email and then helped out with slicing up

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.034735
Retrieved Text: About Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr.
T.I.'s net worth is $55 million in 2015. The rapper was born in Atlanta and has produced hits such as "Got Your Back" featuring Kelly Rowland and "Live Your Life" featuring Rihanna. He has also starred in several movies and television shows such as "Boss" and "American Gangster".
T.I. has released 9 music albums after entering the music industry last 2001. He is also the founder of Grand Hustle records. He also owns a very popular night club in Atlanta. T.I. is considered to be extremely fashionable as he released a clothing line. He likes to show his clothes off and is the main endorser of his own clothing line. He loves to give to charity organizations that are concentrated on finding the cure from people who are suffering from Alzheimer's disease. T.I. is usually seen driving his Dodge Challenger SRT8 and his Ferrari F430 Spider. He can also be seen driving around his Mercedes Benz SLR McLaren.
The below financial data is gathered and compiled by TheRichest analysts team to give you a better understanding of T.I. Net Worth by breaking down the most relevant financial events such as yearly salaries, contracts, earn outs, endorsements, stock ownership and much more.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.95657
Retrieved Text: On April 29, Sunday, a voter awareness programme was organised at Panambur Beach as part of the Systematic Voters’ Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP) Project. The programme was held with the co-operation of the Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project.
There were games for children and entertainment for the crowd amid messages encouraging the citizens to come forward and exercise their franchise during the May 5 assembly elections.
Deputy Commissioner Harsh Gupta also launched an exclusive-themed kite on voter awareness. In his address, the DC while pointing out that the district had registered a good voting percentage in the previous elections added more and more people should exercise franchise in the coming elections. He said the district administration had a target of increasing the voter turnout rate from 72 to 85 per cent. The DC further informed 60,000 people in the district have received new voter identification cards and over 15 lakh people have registered their names in voters’ list.
Several people who had gathered at the beach on a Sunday evening took an oath that they will actively participate in the voting process.
K Harish Kumar, MCC Commissioner, Dr KN Vijayaprakash, Chief Executive Officer of Zilla Panchayat, Yatish Baikampady, CEO of Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project and others were present.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.825706
Retrieved Text: I did promise to post something about the Palm Beach Tax March, which did get television coverage. Here is WPTV News' Dozens take part in tax march in West Palm Beach.
A crowd of protesters gathered in West Palm Beach on Saturday near Mar-a-Lago.
Those are fair samples of what the Democratic rank-and-file think of the tax bill. So are the quotes from Tax March protesters say $1.5 trillion in cuts could undermine social safety net in the San Diego Union-Tribune and Tax Justice March sees protesters in Eugene come out in full force from KVAL in Eugene, Oregon.
San Diego Union-Tribune found people with complaints.
“We’re out here to oppose the Trump tax and tax scam that is going to financially devastate our country, all to give tax cuts to the richest 1 percent,” Steve Timberman, an organizer with SoCal Healthcare Coalition, told a small but passionate crowd.
Retired school teacher Laura Fuentes seemed unimpressed by promises of trickle-down economics. The 63-year-old said she came to Sunday’s event because she’s concerned that slashing taxes will trigger severe cuts to social spending in the future.
Yusef Miller, a Navy veteran now working with the Council on American-Islamic Relations, echoed those concerns: “We should be funding these nonprofits to house our homeless. These are Americans. These are our children.
“We see people who can’t get food. We see families on the streets. Yet, we’re going to give tax breaks to the people who are cushioned,” he added.
In contrast, KVAL found people with solutions.
"We think the money needs to be spent at home on infrastructure,"

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.7332
Retrieved Text: Russian-American professional tennis player, Anna Sergeyevna Kournikova, has an estimated net worth of $50 million. She was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union and played professionally from 1989-2003. In November 2010, she became an American citizen.
Although reaching No. 8 in the world in 2000, she never won a WTA Title in singles. Kournikova's forte has been doubles, where she has at times been the World No. 1 player. With Martina Hingis as her partner, she won Grand Slam titles in Australia in 1999 and 2002. Based on their looks, Hingis and Kournikova referred to themselves as the "Spice Girls of Tennis". Kournikova's professional tennis career has been curtailed for the past several years, and possibly ended, by serious back and spinal problems. She now resides in Miami Beach, Florida, and plays in occasional exhibitions and in doubles for the St. Louis Aces of World Team Tennis. She is the new trainer, replacing Jillian Michaels, on NBC's television show The Biggest Loser.
The below financial data is gathered and compiled by TheRichest analysts team to give you a better understanding of Anna Kournikova Net Worth by breaking down the most relevant financial events such as yearly salaries, contracts, earn outs, endorsements, stock ownership and much more.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.712938
Retrieved Text: How much is Sam Mikulak worth? – Wondering how wealthy & rich is Sam Mikulak? Or maybe you’re just curious about Sam Mikulak’s age, body measurements, height, weight, hair color, eye color, bra & waist size, bio, wiki, wealth and salary?
Samuel “Sam” Mikulak (Newport Beach, California, October 13, 1992) is an American-born artistic gymnast. He won the individual all-around title of the NCAA Men’s Gymnastics Championship and is a member of the US men’s gymnastics team that competed in the 2012 London Olympics.
The Sam Mikulak’s statistics like age, body measurements, height, weight, bio, wiki, net worth posted above have been gathered from a lot of credible websites and online sources. But, there are a few factors that will affect the statistics, so, the above figures may not be 100% accurate.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.6488
Retrieved Text: The event began with common meeting there people were sharing ideas of applications they are going to build. During my pretty long journey with in Continues Production I already got my idea - I wanted to build Deployment-as-Service product that easily integrated with github and utilizes power of UppercuT for building .NET web applications. There was very few .NET developers there, already having their own ideas to build.. so I went alone.
If you have been to Ciklum office, you probably know what SkyPoint is.. It is 20-th floor in office that resides on one Kiev’s hills, so you might imagine this exceptional view from there. I grabbed a chair started to work.
Due to experience I got with .NET deployments and Jenkins I had pretty much well understanding what the workflow should be. I’ve created ASP.NET MVC3 in my Visual Studio and stared to develop. The scope of work I planned to do was pretty much big and I a little nervous about my ability to finish everything. I tried to work as fast as I can.. Full hour, that 10 minutes break and full hour again. Maybe because of that creative atmosphere around or straight orientation on final result but I think I really got a Flow..
Keeping that rhythm I continued to work mostly till 3.00 AM.. About 60% of work were done. I felt a little tired and decided to stop for today and had a good sleep to continue tomorrow. My plans were ruined as soon as I stepped to 19th there people gathered

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.475357
Retrieved Text: Kralendijk- During the weekend of 5 to 7 October, pictures were sent to STINAPA of dead fish on land and also trash left behind by people fishing with nets in the canals at the Cargill bridges.
According to STINAPA they have been been informed at several occasions that people were fishing with nets in the canals at the Cargill bridges. STINAPA points out that the entire area of Pekelmeer is private terrain of Cargill and also an important protected wetland area for birds (RAMSAR) where trespassing (and human activities such as hiking, fishing, dog-walking, operating drones, etc.) is forbidden.
STINAPA says they will be paying more attention to this area and will take measures against anyone who does not comply with these rules, especially if rubbish is left behind and fish are thrown on land instead of returning them back alive into the ocean.
The nature organization reiterates that the use of nets and and all human actvities in Pekelmeer are prohibited.
Local fisherman were at Tori’s Beach last week. They had a bait ball of Masbangos surrounded with a net. Also lots of garbage on the beach there…any connection???

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.36348
Retrieved Text: Another net trap is known as a mist net, which is usually stretched between two trees or poles to catch any birds that fly into it, and once the birds hit the net, they fall to the pocket at the bottom of the net which keeps them entangled until you return to deal with the bird.... 5/02/2015 · Alright guys. I've searched the forum and I can't find anything. I'm wanting to start catching pigeons. I've given up on trying to trap them because I've had two get stolen. I've done a lot of searching and it seems to be legal to use a net gun to catch pigeons. I have found commercially made net guns but they are asking about 1500 bucks for one.
One person feeds the pigeons to make sure that they are gathered neatly into a small space, while the other angles the net catapult. Once the birds are in place, the net is released over the birds how to download paint net plugins 16/03/2009 · Anyone know any good nets or easy ways to catch my barn pigeons, i just wanted to band a couple that i forgot to band last year.
She's caught as many as 13 pigeons in her net in one sampling attempt, but three is a more common catch. Credit: Christie Taylor Credit: Christie Taylor A resident of the Upper West Side in Manhattan approaches to admire Carlen's catch.
After the wood pigeons become familiar with the feeding spot, place pigeon trap over the feed. Bait the pigeon trap with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.10203
Retrieved Text: VIDEO: Is Fall a Good Time to Sell?
Welcome back to my video blog! I can’t believe summer is almost over!
With fall right around the corner, a lot of people have been asking me if the fall months are a good time to sell.
That’s an interesting question. The time to sell is less seasonal now and more about market conditions. What does this mean?
In the fall, there are fewer showings per contract. Buyers looking during the summer months are very different than buyers in the fall. In June, July and August there are a lot of people on vacation and they are viewing homes with this emotional charge; rarely, though, do they actually purchase a home.
During the fall, however, buyers are more strategic. They have an actual plan to view and buy a home. So, while the summer has more activity, the net sales of both seasons are nearly the same.
So, yes, fall is a good time to sell, but it very much also depends on your situation. You need to look at the market conditions.
If you have a desire to sell, call me at 843.251.2693 or email me at greg@gregsisson.com I can do a market analysis and we can create a plan that is best for you based on your situation.
This entry was posted on Thursday, August 29th, 2013 by The Hoffman Group and is filed under myrtle beach, myrtle beach condos, myrtle beach foreclosures, myrtle beach home for sale, myrtle beach homes, myrtle beach homes for sale, myrtle beach land for sale, myrtle beach luxury

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.030052
Retrieved Text: On Saturday, a fistfight erupted between pro-Trump demonstrators and counter-protesters on a Southern California beach. Meanwhile, Philadelphia police are looking into an officer’s use of force as “Make America Great Again” rallies were held across the country.
California State Park Police Capt. Kevin Pearsall said that six people were arrested in Huntington Beach, California after fight broke out between some people in a crowd of 2,000 pro-Trump demonstrators and some people in a small group who showed up in opposition.
Pearsall said that some of the arrests were for illegal use of pepper spray. According to NBC Los Angeles, pepper spray was used in one instance by an anti-Trump protester claiming he was defending his friend.
Around 2,000 attendees gathered at the rally, while 30 to 40 people showed up in opposition, according to police estimate.
The skirmish between the pro and counter protestors was captured on video and shared on social media.
Counter protesters gathered nearby, they blared bullhorns and carried flares in an attempt to disrupt the rally. According to NBC Philadelphia, police were on hand to prevent the protests from turning violent, two people were cited for disorderly conduct before the rallies dispersed.
A police officer was swinging a bike at someone at one of the events, a video of the event showed. The group the man belongs to isn’t clear.
Sgt. Eric Gripp, Philadelphia police public information officer, said that police are aware of the video and are looking into it.
Trump’s supporters said they went to Saturday’s rally because they feel the president is being falsely portrayed as racist

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.94296
Retrieved Text: A young great white shark was caught off the San Clemente coastline, then released back to the water, a video posted on social media shows.
An angler fishing from shore along the stretch of beach – known as an area where juvenile great whites hang out during summer months — snagged the estimated 6-foot-long shark.
Four men gathered around the shark, one with large pliers to remove the hook from its mouth. They struggled as waves crashed on the shore and pushed the shark further up on the sand.
“I hope it’s going to be OK,” she said.
One man grabbed the shark by the tail to bring it back to the water, as it wiggled around.
San Clemente and the areas around it are known as “hot spots,” where groups of juveniles like to hang around during summer months. While there haven’t been many sightings so far this summer, the latest video and another taken by Capistrano Beach resident Matt Larmand in Dana Point a few days ago of two sharks offshore show that they are indeed back.
The latest video isn’t the only great white sighting to make headlines in recent days, just as the popular Shark Week on Discovery Channel gets underway.
Last week, a massive great white shark was captured on video as it munched on a dead whale carcass less than a mile off San Clemente, before lifeguards hauled the rotting mammal further offshore.
As shark populations rebound, there’s been several instances where anglers have hooked sharks, which are illegal to catch. Usually, no penalties are handed down as

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.884348
Retrieved Text: We’re back from vacation and loving being in our own home again. Vacation is always so wonderful, but the reality of getting back to your own bed and routine is also a joy.
We had a great time and I’m going to try to summarize it all because, well, a week’s worth of beach, sun, and family reunioning can tend to blur together rather quickly.
We got to Edisto Island, South Carolina around 6:00 PM Saturday. This vacation was a huge family reunion with my mom’s side of the family so we rented 4 beach homes and split up between them. I was so excited that my sisters and their families, my parents, and my younger brother were all in the same house.
It was a short walk to the beach and, while we were on our own during the days, everyone gathered together in the evenings for dinner. Our house was the biggest so it was the evening dining spot (for about 60 people) and each of my mom’s siblings’ families took turns being in charge of an evening meal. That being said, you can count on it that we didn’t go hungry for even a second and we ate like kings the whole week. Our family was in charge of dinner on Tuesday night and we were still eating leftovers for lunch on Thursday.
One evening we went out to the sound to watch the sunset and were lucky enough to see several dolphins playing around.
On Wednesday morning, we had crafts day for the kids. It included making

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.829264
Retrieved Text: Growing up, I remember eating binalot pouches in several potluck parties. These were usually filled with adobo, caldereta, menudo and other popular Pinoy dishes. I have fond memories of people gathered around a buffet table where these rustic banana leaf pouches were served and enjoyed by many.
We decided to make these easy and quick binalot pouches using Pria’s Kitchen’s Gourmet Bulad Relish. Try this at home if you have the time. Perfect for grilling at the beach, too! Hope you enjoy this 😀 To watch the Cooking Video Recipe, click HERE.
Place a cup of rice in each banana leaf and slightly spread out to make room for filling.
Place 1 heaping tablespoon of bulad relish on top of the rice.
Add atchara onto one side of the rice.
Add sliced hard boiled egg and wrap pouches.
Steam for about 10 minutes and serve. ENJOY!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.74491
Retrieved Text: During a dive on September 5th near the Old Wall reef, I picked up a piece of mono-filament netting. It was a clear example of ‘Ghost Fishing’. Next to the net were the remains of at least one spider crab, trapped in the net was another spider crab. The first crab probably got caught in the netting and eventually died, the next crab came to eat it. The next crab got caught and would have died if we hadn’t cut it free it. This may have been happening for years already, crabs and fish dying needlessly. The net had rolled around and become a ball of net, it may have travelled a long distance over it’s time in water, killing indiscriminately on it’s path. The net was recovered and it’s killing spree is over.
In Falmouth we have a couple of tidal estuaries, the biggest is the Carrick Roads. It is the end of the Fal River and is roughly one mile wide and three miles long, it has lots of tributaries such as the Percuil River by St Mawes. The Helford River is the other tidal estuary and is just around the corner but is nowhere near as big.
Over the last couple of years I had completed both the Nautical Archaeological Societies Intro and Part I courses. The next level, the Part 2, is a self run project using the skills learned during the Intro and Part 1 courses. The Nautical Archaeological Societies Underwater Archaeology Photography Course is a Part 3 course, to complete Part 3

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.70441
Retrieved Text: What a surprise. I'm just shocked, SHOCKED! that NHK reported!
NHK reported on the July 16 protest in Yoyogi Park in Tokyo, for a change. It must be near impossible to ignore, because NHK is located right around the corner from the park.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Police apparently told NHK that 75,000 people participated.
As Reactor 3 at KEPCO's Ooi Nuclear Power Plant is in full operation and other nuclear plants in the country may be getting ready to resume operation, an anti-nuclear event was held in Tokyo which attracted the largest crowd ever. The participants demanded the reactor at Ooi Nuclear Power Plant be stopped and that nuclear reactors be decommissioned.
The July 16 gathering was organized by people including Nobel Prize winning author Kenzaburo Ooe and Satoshi Kamata, journalist and author, to let the government hear their voice of protest.
Citizens' groups, labor unions, and people who had learned of the event via Twitter [and other net media] gathered in Yoyogi Park in Tokyo. The number of participants was 170,000 according to the organizers, and 75,000 according to the Police. It was the largest crowd ever gathered in Tokyo for anti nuclear protest.
A miracle happened. German mainstream journal SPIEGEL-ONLINE reported on it.
For a few weeks, there was zero reporting about the many demonstrations on friday evenings in Tokyo and on other days and other locations.
If NHK feels safe enough to report, it means it's hurting nobody in the government or nuclear industry. No effect, so the police can quote high number with confidence and NHK can report it.
Yep it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.696383
Retrieved Text: Description: Millions of pilgrims, irrespective of age or districts, are gathered from the different part of country on a particular day, just to take a holy dip on the Beach of Bay of Bengal Island. Mainly the people of socio-economically poor section from the countryside, strongly driven out by the belief of the existence of god and religious rituals, come across the hundreds of miles and try to wash out all the sins of life. They offer their gratitude to the god through the bath under extreme cold weather of winter season.
Caption: Lakhs of pilgrims, irrespective of age or distance, are gathered from the different part of country on a particular day, just to take a holy dip on the Beach of Bay of Bengal Island. Mainly the people of socio-economically poor section from the countryside, strongly driven out by the belief of the existence of god and religious rituals, come across the hundreds of miles and try to wash out all the sins of life. They offer their gratitude to the god through the bath under extreme cold weather of winter season.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.599968
Retrieved Text: Actor Casey Siemaszko is enjoying a lavish lifestyle with his huge fortune.
Famous for portraying the character of 3D in the movie Back to the Future and Back to the Future II, Casey Siemaszko is an American actor and a voice-over artist. Siemaszko came to prominence from his acting as well as voice roles in various movies, TV series, video games, and animated movies.
Today, in this article, we shed information on Casey Siemaszko’s career, movies, TV series, Video games including his net worth and personal life.
Casey Siemaszko is an American actor best known for the famous movies like Back to the Future and Back to the Future II. He also appeared in various other movies like Stand By Me, Young Guns, Breakin In, Of Mice and Men, Public Enemies and many more.
Siemaszko is also popular for lending his voice to various characters in several video games and animated movies. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, Conflict: Vietnam are some of the video games where Casey Siemaszko had voice roles.
Casey Siemaszko’s Net Worth: How Much Does He Earn?
Casey Siemaszko holds an estimated net worth of $2 million. Siemaszko summoned his fortune from his career as an actor and a voice-over artist. He featured in various movies and TV series and lent his voice to various characters in several video games and anime movies that helped him earn prosperity as well as fame.
Also Read:How Much Is Shawna Waldron’s Net Worth?
Like the other actors in Hollywood, Siemaszko makes an average salary that ranges from $60 thousand to $320 thousand as per

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.525763
Retrieved Text: Oceana Belize hosted a beach clean-up campaign in downtown San Pedro on Sunday, March 4th. The activity was hosted as part of Oceana Belize’s Reef Week activities.
At 9AM, a group of residents gathered in front of St. Peters Cemetery to begin the beach clean-up. Heading south of the island, the team encountered large amounts of garbage on the beach such as plastic bottles, Styron foam products, and clothing among other items that are bad for the marine ecosystem. Around 10:30AM, the team stopped in front of the Belize Chocolate Company where they took a break and dumping approximately 10 bags loaded with garbage. After the short break, the team continued with the cleaning campaign, moving south where they encountered another huge amount of garbage. The clean-up campaign ended in front of the Island Academy. “I want to thank the group that came out and supported the clean-up campaign. It is very important for people to come out and participate in these activities as it is everyone’s responsibility to keep the environment clean and protect our marine ecosystem,” said Oceana Belize Field Representative, Angel Briceño.
Organizers of the clean-up campaign thank everyone that came out and was part of the activity. Oceana Belize takes the time to invite all islanders to their Cocktail and Conservation Fundraiser at Mahogany Bay Village on Saturday, March 10th.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.50515
Retrieved Text: More than 75 boats registered to compete in the 30th annual Snow Row Competition, held Saturday at Windmill Point. Although the museum hosts several races each year, the Snow Row is its signature race. It is a 3-3/4 mile triangular course starting off the beach at Windmill Point, continuing around Sheep Island, past the Peddocks Island day-marker and then back to shore.
Standing on the chilly, breezy, sunny beach near Pemberton Pier in Hull Saturday morning, Lory Newmyer, executive director of the Hull Lifesaving Museum, said there were 75-plus boats registered to compete in the 30th annual Snow Row Competition.
Although the museum hosts several races each year, they consider the Snow Row to be their signature race. It is a 3-3/4 mile triangular course starting off the beach at Windmill Point, continuing around Sheep Island, past the Peddocks Island day-marker and then back to shore.
Although Newmyer said the museum's good friends from Maine scratched a day or two earlier due to illness, and this was the first year in a long while since they haven't had crews from Great Britain, which she explained was the result of the economy, the executive director looked around at all the people readying their boats for the competition and said, "We are totally jazzed about who did make it here today!"
Calling it "the greatest rowing event in winter in New England -- maybe the country," she explained the race began the same year the museum was founded, and said the first year they only had eight boats competing.
Depending on the crew

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.498093
Retrieved Text: After breakfast, we rest for a while before we meet up with Michael & Janice for the snorkelling trip again. But this time, my wife stay in the room as she could not snorkel in deep sea.
This time the snorkelling destination is another pinncles where we had free style snorkelling without the need to follow the instructor. The snorkelling at this area is much better than yesterday as we are nearer to the fishes (almost could touch them) and I could even step/touch on the corrals(but advise not to step or touch as we may be cut by those corrals and may be allergy).
The photos above shows the water villa which we stayed for these nights. It is the most expensive accommodation among all the accommodation types in this resort. But you should try this cos its the best experience of staying above the water where you could wake up every morning looking directly into the sea. It really a cosy and best feeling.
This is the water villa lounge that I had been talking about in my blog. See those net above the water where we could lie on? Those are the net that we lie on during the night watching the stars.. In this lounge, you could have unlimited alcoholic drink, soft drink, hot tea/coffee and juice. And there is free wifi in this lounge too. By the way, there is free wifi in every water villa too, but reception is not too good. So we mostly came to this lounge to surf net if

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.47056
Retrieved Text: Mobs of men have damaged a number of vehicles in an outbreak of fresh violence in the southern Sydney suburb of Cronulla tonight.
A reporter from radio station 2GB said ``chaos'' had broken out in the beach shopping centre with vehicles damaged and police making arrests as mobs of men roam the streets.
``People are standing around in shock, just watching,'' the reporter said.
He witnessed police arrest a group of five people.
Some motorists were ignoring the road blocks, simply driving around the obstacles, he said.
Earlier, police moved quickly to prevent violence at potential new flashpoints in Sydney tonight following some of the worst race-based clashes ever seen in Australia.
Police guarding against any repeat of yesterday's race riot at Cronulla tonight blocked off streets around the Lakemba Mosque, in Sydney's south-west, after about 500 mostly Muslim men gathered, apparently after rumours of an imminent attack on the building.
Rocks and flares were thrown at police as the crowd dispersed, police said, and although no one was injured, tensions tonight remained high among Australians of Middle Eastern background, who were targeted in yesterday's race riot at Cronulla beach.
Earlier, cricket bats, rocks and lengths of steel were confiscated by police.
About 30 police seized the potential weapons from a park area in Maroubra, the scene of retaliation attacks that followed a day of violence in the southern Sydney beach area of Cronulla yesterday.
A crowd of up to 100 people had gathered near Maroubra beach earlier today but had largely dispersed by nightfall.
Superintendent Phil Rogerson from Maroubra police said so far it had been

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.400257
Retrieved Text: As you enjoy Southwest Florida’s coastal waters this Fourth of July weekend, we hope that boaters and beachgoers will remember a few key rules to avoid harming our local wildlife such as sea turtles, manatees and dolphins.
All sea turtle species are threatened or endangered, protected under state and federal law. Sea turtle nesting season spans May 1 – Oct. 31 along Florida’s Gulf Coast. County ordinances prohibit any temporary structures, beach chairs, tents, umbrellas or cabanas from being left from sunset to sunrise on our local beaches. These objects bring about a strong potential for turtle entrapment and can interfere with the use of the beach for nesting habitat.
“Beachgoers should not approach nesting turtles or hatchlings, make noise around turtles and their nests or use fireworks, flashlights or fishing lamps on the beach. Artificial lights can disorient nesting turtles and their hatchlings. Please avoid sea turtle nests marked with yellow stakes and tape. Also, please avoid seabird nesting areas bounded by ropes. (Seabird information is available from audubon.org/content/audubon-florida.) We have large nesting colonies of shorebirds, and the birds and their nests are vulnerable to human disturbance, fireworks and to predation by domestic dogs, raccoons, crows and gulls. Any harassment or taking of protected birds, their ,young, their nest or their eggs is a violation of Florida law.” Make sure all holes dug at the beach are filled in prior to leaving. Turtles can fall into the holes and become trapped; even small holes can trap tiny turtles.
Dolphins do not, or cannot, always get out of the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.388884
Retrieved Text: The Navarre Beach Sea Turtle Conservation Center is trying to secure a patent for a bigger net to lift larger turtles onto the pier if they're caught.
The rescues of two sea turtles within the last month at the Navarre Beach Fishing Pier might lead to a new and improved device to bring the animals to land after they get hooked on a fisherman's line.
The Navarre Beach Sea Turtle Conservation Center is working to secure a patent for a new and bigger net to make it easier for pier staff to lift larger sea turtles onto the pier after they're caught.
Cathy Holmes, founder of the center, said the organization is working with Navarre resident Ralph Agnew on the larger and bulkier net, which has a wider opening that will more easily slide under a sea turtle during a rescue.
The center and Agnew submitted paperwork to the U.S. Patent Office on Wednesday for the net, which was designed by Agnew. It will be employed when working with larger sea turtles — of all different kinds — that can weigh up to hundreds of pounds.
"It's a really neat design," Holmes said. "Ralph did an amazing job putting it together."
Protocol at the pier is that a fisherman who hooks a sea turtle should notify an attendant with the pier management group Growing Santa Rosa Enterprises. The attendants get in touch with the sea turtle conservation center and then get the turtle out of the water and onto the pier.
"We just get them up with as little stress as possible, and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.363827
Retrieved Text: As life went on without Richard, I became more adventurous in order to color my solo existence. So, one Sunday, I had heard about a ceremony to take place on the waterfront where the last 1 kilometer of a proposed bike trail from the Alps, (these are the New Zealand Alps not to be confused with the slightly more familiar European ones), to the Ocean was going to be officially opened. As it turns out, this is, so far, the ONLY kilometer of said bike trail to have been completed. And because the Prime Minister, Mr. John Key, is an avid bicyclist, the celebration was timed to coincide with a visit of his to the area and he had agreed to attend the dedication of this bit of the bike trail.
limestone buildings of the historic district were all alive with activity. A new historic bicycle shop which has Pennyfarthing bikes was being opened that day and there were several of those bikes in attendance being ridden by people who knew what they were doing. You know the ones, the huge front wheel, tiny back wheel with a seat nearly 2 meters off the ground. I watched as they mounted the bikes, pushing them to get momentum and balance, stepping on a small footstep and UP onto the seat. Smoothly done by those that know how to do it.
I had a vague idea that I might try to meet the Prime Minister as it is such a small town and there really weren’t that many people about.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.341187
Retrieved Text: Tonight’s Doof is in a clearing surrounded by dense bushland. Dream catchers and tight rope wires hang between the trees. This Doof has several techno dance floors and an acoustic area.
Essentially adults come to these Doofs to play with each other like children, which is tremendously healthy. Alongside the dance floor Doofers twirl Devil sticks and Poi balls. They hula-hoop and spin fire-staffs for hours on end. Most stay up all night by camp fire light doing LSD, MDMA and bud. Doofing is nothing if not modern Bohemianism.
Beside the dance area somebody’s hung a huge net between several trees; like a hammock. It’s big enough for people to jump around in, but somebody’s lighter falls through the net onto the ground below. His mates have to crawl over to his end of the net so that the whole thing can sag low enough for him to reach out and pick it up. There’s also a cabbage being tossed around the net like a volley ball.
How to get fucked up while consuming your daily dose of vitamins.
Back packers have flavoured this melting pot and many of the Doofers don’t speak English as a first language. French boys run around with Bubble wrap cones on their heads. A Dutchman shimmies over to me on the dance floor. He paints the Dutch flag on my face with what looks like eye liner. Mostly the Doofers are Germans, Italians and Scandinavians, but there are a few Gaelic speakers.
Most non-commercial Doofs are run on public land for liability reasons. There have

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.30654
Retrieved Text: Protesters descended on the City of London today as part of worldwide demonstrations against corporate greed and cutbacks.
Inspired by America's "Occupy Wall Street" and Spain's "Indignants", people took to the streets in Sydney, Hong Kong and Tokyo in the opening hours of the unprecedented global outcry.
Anger over unemployment and opposition to the financial elite hung over the protests in 951 cities in 82 countries, which coincided with a Paris meeting of G20 financial powers pre-occupied by the eurozone debt crisis.
But the demands and the sense of urgency among the activists varied depending on the city.
In London, more than 1,000 protesters gathered outside St Paul's Cathedral and struggled against police officers on horseback to enter Paternoster Square, the home of the London Stock Exchange.
Speaking at the protest, political campaigner Peter Tatchell proposed a one-off 20pc emergency tax on the net wealth of the richest 10pc of the UK population, as well as the introduction of a "Tobin Tax" on financial transactions.
"The richest 10pc of the UK population have a combined personal wealth of £4 million, million. A one-off 20pc tax on those people would raise £800 billion," he said.
"Those people can afford it, they'd feel no pain, they're so fabulously wealthy.
"With that sum of money you could pay off the entire government deficit. No need for any public spending cuts."
At the same time, a Tobin Tax would: "reduce speculation and be good for the economy, and raise at least £100 billion a year. Within two years this would enable us to clear the entire Government deficit," he

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.206614
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON - Several hundreds people from across the United States gathered in Washington, DC on Sunday to rally against wars and militarism in the US politics. The activists participated in the Women's March to Pentagon, organized by several anti-war movements.
People gathered at the metro station in Washington's closest suburb just several blocks from the Pentagon. Many of them brought homemade posters.
"Pentagon Says More War, Women Say No War," one of such banners said. Another one urged to "end the wars."
The protesters also waived flags of Syria, Libya and other countries where the United States supports wars, or military operations.
"I came here to protest against terrible US-led war in Syria," David Rold from Boston told Sputnik. The activist held a Syrian flag in his hands.
The man said that he wanted to stop the war and let the Syrians to choose their future themselves.
"US regime has to leave this country, and I think it is possible," Rold added.
Another Bostonian – Nate Goldschlag – brought a huge poster urging the US Congress to stop support US participation in war in Syria. "I am opposing US militarism, US military bases around the world and US endless wars," Goldchalg, who served at the US base in Germany during the Vietnam war, told Sputnik.
He added that the US government simply wasted money investing it in military projects instead of housing, healthcare and education.
One of protesters played a role of US President Donald Trump.
"This is my territory, and defense contractors are my friend," actory "Trump" told Sputnik.
David Barrows from Washington, DC, who wore

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.19328
Retrieved Text: A unique location on the edge of the sea for your camping holiday on the island of Noirmoutier.
Noirmoutier Indigo Campsite is located in an area that is managed by the ONF (French national forestry commission) and conforms with the ONF camping charter. Noirmoutier Indigo Campsite*** is located over 12 hectares of pine forest and has pitches, some of which are on the sea-front, in either the sun or shade, according to your preferences.
Many of our sea-front pitches are on the edge of Sableaux beach, with direct views over the ocean. Set up your tent, caravan or motor home on this stunning campsite, with its large number of 'traditional' pitches. Camp amidst pine trees and sand dunes... Enjoy direct access to the beach for a holiday on the water's edge.
Please note: the spots by the sea are available for tents and caravans.
To make your stay all them more enjoyable, Noirmoutier Indigo Campsite offers a range of services including a motor home service point, a morning bread service, and a camping shop selling a whole range of useful and practical camping items to help you out any time you are short of anything.
Indigo Noirmoutier Campsite has five, pleasant and very comfortable shower blocks available for your use. They have a baby changing area and are adapted to the needs of the handicapped. They are checked and cleaned several times a day.
There is even a special area for washing any shellfish that you have gathered during your trips along the beach.
The campsite is ideally located for easy access to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.18604
Retrieved Text: Many tourists associate the Principality exclusively with its nightlife, with the Casino, or just as well with the high-heel shopping races in the local boutiques. Nevertheless, the locals consider Larvotto Beach and its numerous restaurants to be a real magnet attracting residents and tourists for the better half of the year – from the end of April to October. Do not expect any sand – you will only find tiny fine pebble in Larvotto. While kids are fine with running around stepping on it, we recommend you grabbing a pair of comfortable beach shoes.
One can easily get to Larvotto – either by walking along the picturesque promenade from Ni-Box towards the east in the direction of Italy – this will take about 10-15 minutes at a leisurely pace from the Casino; or by taking bus number 6 towards Larvotto and getting off the bus stop with a self-explanatory name Plage.
Larvotto is technically a public beach. So bring your own towel and a beach umbrella, and make yourself comfortable anywhere you like. The rescuers in the central part of the beach (near the white watchtower) will be at your service. They also have showers, a medical center, and a public bathroom where you can also change. A tanning cream, a swimsuit and a huge folding boat can all be bought right here in one of the local stores. The beach is pretty spacey which is why you will always find a vacant piece of sand. The main wave of the vacationers inrush is in the noon. The

================



======= Instance Index 3164 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Several people are in a pool of water. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are playing water polo, and doing a lot of different tasks.

Ending 2: are throwing a ball into the holes.

Ending 3: are an olympic team playing a game.

Ending 4: are hitting a yellow ball.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.510647
Retrieved Text: Top 5 Things Every Fiberglass Swimming Pool Owner Should Have!
Would you want to get stuck with a pool and wish you would have added certain features to it after it’s already built?
Now at Pools For Less during our pool layout phase we usually preplan for ideas you might have later. Like a waterfall, slide, etc. But has there ever been a time where you purchase one thing and just wished later you would have purchased something else with it?
Most people have an idea of what they want for a swimming pool. It generally will sound something like this “I want a good size swimming pool, I want it to have lights, and a good filter and pump, also maybe a slide…” Now usually that will be the most common pool we do is the one I just described.
We go over other options and things we recommend but for some people they don’t see it as a necessary things to have until after they finally own a pool and realize they should have added some things.
Let’s go over the 5 top things I think every swimming pool owner should have.
1. Pool cleaner: An automatic pool cleaner is by far the most useful item that you can purchase for your swimming pool. Every pool owner that has one says it’s a must for constant maintenance of your pool. An automatic pool cleaner is how it sounds. You drop the cleaner in your fiberglass pool and it runs across t the floors and walls to pick up all the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.742838
Retrieved Text: South Shore YMCA in Quincy offers several Water Baby classes to introduce babies and toddlers ages 6 months to 3 years the water, secure in their parents arms.
Some people are meant to be in the water, and Olivia Hendrick, of Weymouth, might be one of them. She’s only 19 months old, but she blew bubbles like a pro, smiled wide as she glided through the water and giggled every time she jumped from the pool edge into the arms of her mother, Brooke Hendrick. Pretty impressive considering it was her first time in a pool.
The Hendricks were among seven parent-tot duos in the pool at the South Shore YMCA on a Wednesday morning. They were participating in one of the Quincy branch’s Water Babies classes, which introduce babies and toddlers ages 6 to 36 months to the water, secure in their parents arms.
While children this young can’t fully learn to swim, they gain the foundation necessary to do so later in life. The babies and toddlers become comfortable in the pool and learn to trust the instructor and their parents.
Not every baby takes to the pool instantly their first time in. For some, including 2-year-old Hadley, the water took some getting used to.
Along with having parents glide their children through the water on their backs and fronts, instructors put rubber ducks in the water and encouraged children to reach for them, imitating swimming strokes.
Such repetition and play – plus numerous aquatic versions of the Hokey Pokey – will help the kids a few years from now

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.184357
Retrieved Text: "When you jump into that pool, remember it is probably one of the few places you will ever go where you will put your face where other people put their bottom," a health official says.
Thousands of Angelenos who will head to public swimming pools this summer should be wary of warnings in the water before they take a dip.
The NBC4 I-Team obtained public records by the LA County Department of Public Health showing inspections, complaints, and closures of public pools since March 2014. The agency oversees health clubs, hotels, resorts, and parks.
One example sits inside a 24 Hour Fitness gym in Hawthorne.
The pool at the gym looks clean and inviting, but walking to the Hawthorne club's pool is what turns gym member Jeff Traill's stomach.
"I thought it was pretty gross," Traill said of the floors around the pool. He described them as filthy and said he "wouldn't go barefoot in there whatsoever."
"They always had a bucket of dirty water sitting there right by the pool entrance," Traill said.
Traill wrote a harsh review on Yelp warning others, and trying to get management’s attention after he says he complained several times.
"That’s one of the reasons I put it on Yelp," Traill said. "To try to shame them."
The pool and spa at the 24 Hour Fitness in Hawthorne had at least three violations, public records show. One complaint filed about its pool in May 2014 stated: "After my trip to spa and gym, broke out in welts and bumps all over my body. It was like my skin was

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.075684
Retrieved Text: An above ground swimming pool is a wonderful way to enjoy your outdoor living space during the warm months of spring, summer and early fall. This backyard oasis is a great place to cool-off, play and exercise. Above ground pools are a cost-effective option with several price points that vary based on the unit's size and the material from which it was fabricated. To find the best model, you should also consider several other important factors, such as the amount of available space in your yard. Ask your local zoning department whether you need a permit to install a pool. Your insurance company can provide information regarding additional coverage available through your homeowner's policy. Use the following guide to help you select the best above ground swimming pool for your lifestyle and budget.
It may not be initially obvious, but the first step in buying an above ground swimming pool is to figure out where you are going to put it. The pool should be visible from your house so that you can observe children and other people swimming and playing in the water. You should keep the pool away from overhanging trees and other sources of leaves and debris. A sunny location ensures that the pool receives as much sunshine as possible throughout the day. The more radiant heat that the water receives, the warmer it will be. The site must also have water and electricity to operate the pool pump and filter.
Measure the dimensions of your proposed pool site to determine the size and shape

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.84055
Retrieved Text: Harbor seals at Children's Pool. "When people go too close to the seals, and one seal gets frightened, she'll often panic into the water, and that causes all the other seals to flush into the water."
While waiting for public discussion later this fall of a Parks and Recreation Department plan to make Children's Pool available for swimmers, some of La Jolla's residents are busy trying to make precedent out of plans of their own. One camp's partisans routinely enter the water now from the Children's Pool beach, still cordoned off by the city from visitors, and swim north to Seal Rock and back. The other camp has appointed itself guardians of the large seal population that has made the beach its home and regularly chastises or reports to the authorities anyone it deems in violation of the federal Marine Mammal Protection Act.
San Diego's lifeguards, claims Riley, are unnecessarily encouraging seal harassment these days with a message written on the signboard outside their station.
Don Riley has made the seals of Children's Pool his special interest for at least ten years. Early every morning he drives his motorhome to the cliffs above the beach, a place he calls "a sacred spot," and assesses the well-being of the seals that each year are visited by thousands of people from all over the world. Riley thinks any human entrance into Children's Pool or onto its beach cannot help disturbing the seals and thereby breaking the law. The Marine Mammal Protection Act is written in such a way that something as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.551517
Retrieved Text: For the handful of house guests that showed up at the Porters unannounced on Tuesday, it’s been shredded lettuce and water on the menu as the Glendale family figures out what to do with their guests.
Four ducklings have suddenly become dependent on the family after their mother flew away in a panic as Lin and Brett Porter cornered the ducklings with a net and removed them from the pool. The 20-minute-long effort had the ducklings chirping and diving under water to evade capture.
“They tried to get out of the pool, but their legs are so small they couldn’t get out,” Brett Porter said.
The mother Mallard duck flew away in the confusion and one brown, tan-speckled duckling waddled out of sight into nearby bushes on a neighbor’s property.
The Porters, who live just west of the Rossmoyne District, placed the four remaining ducklings in a cooler. Brett Porter researched the eating habits of ducklings on the Internet and when he read that lettuce is an option, he shredded some and placed it in the cooler with drinking water.
This isn’t the Porters’ first encounter with web-footed visitors. In the last three months, several ducks have landed in the Porters’ pool, each time staying for days before moving on.
Mallard ducks are a protected species, according to Ricky Whitman, vice president of community resources for the Pasadena Humane Society, which provides animal controls services for Glendale.
The organization — which doesn’t allow animal control officers to retrieve ducks from homes — can receive an average of two phone calls every day during

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.464985
Retrieved Text: Amidst the regular and concrete swimming pools that are best-loved by most people, these natural swimming pool ideas are worth the efforts. In recent times, people steal a glance to natural swimming pools due to its easy maintenance and picturesque appearance that imitates the environment around a lake or pond. Since it is purely natural, no chlorine or other chemical compounds used to purify the water. Instead, the pool takes advantages from the biological filters and water in motion to clean the water.
Natural swimming pools may come in variety of size and design. The most important aspect is to create natural ambiance as much as possible. A lot of swimming pool specialists develop fresh designs in installing the pool that are really helpful for swimming pool enthusiasts. In terms of the expense, the cost may more or less take similar amount as constructing concrete swimming pool.
To construct the natural pool, there are several compatible plants that may work well as water purifying and oxygen supplier, such as water lillies, pond sedge, cattails as emergent plants, floating plants like common duckweed, and many others. For natural factors, pebbles or rocks are evenly spread across the entry line of the pool.
There are multitude of benefits about natural swimming pool apart from its easy maintenance. Natural swimming pool is more eco-friendly in its system as it does not use certain chemicals. Every process takes place is highly dependant on the natural plants that thrive in it. Also, the seasonal climate change won’t be a big issue when owning natural

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.430725
Retrieved Text: When the summer weather gets really hot, nothing feels better than jumping into a lake or a pool filled with refreshing sky-blue water, but you may want to think twice before you take a dip.
That enticing water may be teeming with bacteria and parasites that could spoil your summertime fun.
This is why experts advise that when swimming, people should avoid swallowing water in pools, lakes and other freshwater sources, in order to prevent illness.
Parents should try to prevent their kids from swallowing water, Ohl said. And kids who have recently had any kind of gastrointestinal illness should be kept away from water for several days, so that they don't contaminate the water.
Public pool water can be a source of harmful germs such as E. coli bacteria and the parasites cryptosporidium (crypto) and giardia, which tend to spread when there is not enough chlorine in the pool, or the pH levels are too low. Some of the symptoms that may a result from infection with these three organisms include diarrhea, stomach cramps, weight loss, nausea, vomiting and dehydration.
But even if a pool does smell of chlorine, it does not mean that it is devoid of nasty bacteria and dirt.
"Many people think that when a pool smells of chlorine, that means that it's clean," Mary Ostrowski, director of the Chlorine Issues at the American Chemistry Council, a trade organization, told Live Science in a 2010 interview. "But that smell is actually chloramines, a substance that results from a mix of chlorine and bacteria, urine and sweat." A really

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.419588
Retrieved Text: The fastest-growing market for solar water systems is swimming pools. Last year, about 95 percent of the square footage of all solar collectors shipped to U.S. markets were for swimming pools. And there are good reasons why the number is that high. Solar heating systems for swimming pools can be very cost-effective. A recent analysis of such systems for pools in Florida found that homeowners generally recoup their investment in 1.5 to seven years. A system typically costs from $2,000 to $4,000 installed.
A solar heating system for pools uses the same principle as a garden hose lying in the sun. When you turn on the faucet, out comes hot water. The sun's energy has been absorbed by the hose and transmitted as heat to the water inside. The hose acts a solar collector. For a pool, the filtration system pumps water from the pool to the solar collectors, which might be on the roof of a pool house or somewhere else near the pool. There, the water is heated through solar radiation and returned to the pool. Because of the large volumes of water being heated, pools require large collectors - sometimes they are as big as the pool's surface area itself.
But they differ from domestic solar hot-water systems -those for heating water inside the house - in several ways. First, these collectors are relatively low-tech compared to the glass-covered collectors for domestic water systems. Instead they may be made of black polypropylene plastic, rubber mats or black, plastic pipes. The collectors also warm the water

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.349405
Retrieved Text: Bromine is a chemical disinfectant that can be used in swimming pools instead of chlorine. It is also commonly used in hot tubs and spas, because it can better tolerate the heat than chlorine. Although bromine is a better choice for those who have sensitive skin, there are some dangers that pool owners should be aware of before choosing to use this chemical.
Bromine can be easier on the skin and eyes when used properly.
Although bromine is generally easier on the skin and eyes than chlorine, there is still the potential for an adverse reaction. This reaction can include itchy, red eyes and irritation of the respiratory system. The amount used to keep pools and spas free of microorganisms and bacteria is low enough that most people are not bothered.
Numerous things impact the levels of bromine present in the water, including temperature, sunlight and the number of people who have been using the pool. This means that the levels of bromine are constantly fluctuating and must be tested. A safe level is between 2.5 and 4.0 parts per million (ppm). Because it is a bleach-like chemical, higher concentrations of bromine can cause the above-mentioned skin and respiratory reactions. Because bromine is constantly being removed from the water by environmental factors, simply waiting for the chemical to reach safe levels is usually the only control method needed.
Improper use of bromine can lead to saturating the pool or spa with compounds called bromamines. Bromamines form when bromine combines with ammonia in the water; ammonia can come from several sources

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.318748
Retrieved Text: Belle Shenoi swims a lot, but he doesn't go very far. Shenoi gets aerobic exercise by swimming for about 20 minutes several times a week all year long in what could be described as a water treadmill at his home.
Shenoi's Endless Pool is a 9-by-15 foot heated swimming pool with a pump at the surface at one end. The pump creates a current that allows Shenoi to swim in place as long as he likes without ever moving from the center of the swimming pool.
"If you were to turn the pump up all the way, even an Olympic champion couldn't swim against it," Shenoi said. "But on a low setting it's perfect for me."
Shenoi, who teaches electrical engineering at Wright State University, said when he had the swimming pool installed two years ago, it was the first the swimming-pool vendor had sold in Ohio.
Since that time, Shenoi said he's been overjoyed with the product. He had the pool installed on a patio area and built a patio enclosure around it. The pool is heated and the patio room stays warm and comfortable enough to swim year round.
"People spend $2,000 or $3,000 for a spa or a lot more for an in-ground pool, and how long can they use it in this climate?" Shenoi said. "Also the maintenance on an outdoor pool can be a real burden." With this little swimming pool, I can relax in it like a spa and swim in it like a pool and use it any time I want. It's the best

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.315842
Retrieved Text: Home / Posts Tagged "Pool Builders DFW"
Dallas is known to have a humid subtropical climate. Meaning people who live in Dallas experience mild winters and very hot summers. During this extremely hot weather, how can you stay cool and fresh? We have a good suggestion�”why not build a pool in your backyard? That would help you and your friends beat the heat during the summer!
There are several pool builders DFW that can be hired for consultation and construction of your dream pool. These pool builder companies have been in the industry for so long, and are knowledgeable about the work they do. Their portfolios are also radiating with quality, relaxing, and beautifully designed pools.
• Free Form Pools �” pools that have asymmetrical curves and lines to form any shape you wish.
• Natural Free Form Pools �” free form pools that have natural elements such as rock or boulder formations that surround it. Natural free form pools incorporate a “one with nature” look and feel.
• Straight Line Pools �” has clean, straight lines that express elegance and luxury.
• Water Features �” if you want to boost the natural ambiance of your garden by putting waterfalls over rock formations or walls, pool builders can build it for you. Water features also include the building of fountains for your courtyard or anywhere you want to. Water features add to the luxury aspect of your home.
• Spas �” spas can be built inside and around your home. Spas help you keep calm, relax, and unwind your mind, body, and soul.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.143965
Retrieved Text: When it comes to in-ground pools, fiberglass swimming pools are hands down the best option whether you live on the Outer Banks, Currituck, Camden, or Elizabeth City as they are easy to maintain and require very little chemicals. When compared to vinyl and concrete, fiberglass pools have the lowest lifetime cost – which makes fiberglass the best option for an in-ground pool.
While there are many myths about fiberglass pools, the one thing you should NEVER EVER do is DRAIN your fiberglass pool without professional help. Let me say that again, NEVER drain your fiberglass pool for any reason. In fact, we recommend NEVER letting the water level drop more than 2-3 inches below the skimmer!
Unfortunately, every year we get phone calls from homeowners who have emptied the pool for one reason or another and it’s a big NO-NO! So why do people sometimes drain their pool? Here’s a few reasons we’ve heard in the past.
Here’s the deal folks – you have to clean the pool manually! It’s extremely, extremely rare that one might have to drain their fiberglass pool. Sometimes when there is a natural disaster or if the pool has been neglected for several years, draining the pool might be the best option – but again that is RARE! If you have stinky, nasty water you can typically make it crystal clear within a few days by simply adding chemicals, vacuuming and backwashing. If you aren’t sure – hire a professional to clean it for you!
I actually got the inspiration to write this blog for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.127459
Retrieved Text: Home Tags Posts tagged with "chemicals"
Keeping water in your swimming pool in a perfect condition is extremely important, especially if the pool is used by kids. If you have a swimming pool in your garden, it is necessary to get reliable pool chemicals.
What Products Should You Choose From?
In the area of ​​swimming pool chemicals, you can choose from several categories. For example, the chemicals based on active chlorine are very effective for water sanitation, and you can even choose from different products and purification tablets. However, this option is not suitable for kids or people sensitive to the increased chlorine content. Fortunately, there are also chlorine free chemicals which contain active oxygen and they are very effective, too.
Further, there is also the combined chemistry available. In this area you will find many effective products which guarantee a good quality of water in your swimming pool. For example, the disinfectant tablets do not only sanitize water, but also cause flaking of dirt in cloudy water and killing the algae. So as you can see, there is currently a wide range of very effective products of pool chemistry available which allow you to swim in your swimming pool without health risks.
The pH of water in a pool should be between 6.8 and 7.4 (max. 7.6). You should monitor the value by pH testers, as if it is out of this range, the water is too acidic, or vice versa, too alkaline. Potential solutions include the agents for increasing or decreasing the water pH. And naturally, it is appropriate

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.07264
Retrieved Text: Summertime is here and that means people are out at the beach, children are having fun at camp, and just about everybody is enjoying their time in the pool. However, what comes with fun also comes with risks. Each year, over 3000 people drown in pool-related accidents. Children are especially prone to accidents around the pool, and several measures should be taken to ensure their safety. The first precaution that should be taken is teaching children how to swim, as they are at about eighty-eight percent lower risk of having a pool related accident with proper lessons. Supervision from adults is crucial, and the rules established around the water should be strictly enforced. If a situation does occur in which somebody is found unable to breath, it’s essential that 911 is called immediately. While seeking medical help is extremely important, the most invaluable asset for a drowning victim is having a person who can provide the proper CPR skills and first aid to that person immediately. BHCPR offers the classes that will teach you the necessary techniques that may help you save somebody’s life this summer and beyond.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.044935
Retrieved Text: The local nature is diverse. It is not commonly known that summer is not the only swimming season here. There are also hot springs in the outskirts of Tyumen, which are perfect for winter swimming.
At the resort Verhny Bor there are two thermal pools.
In the resorts there are cosy cafes for visitors.
It is divided into different zones: with a jacuzzi, and separate areas for children and adults, with lots of hydromassage equipment.
The water temperature is kept at 39 to 40C. The depths of the pool are 1,5m for adults and 70 cm in the children’s zone.
There is also a banya with firewood, a Finnish sauna, a phytobarrel session.
The pool is protected from winds and equipped with changing rooms.
Running water, having filled the main pool, flows to the second one, and then the third.
Almost all hot springs are equipped with comfortable cottages to accommodate visitors.
Tyumen hot springs are popular not only with those living in the region – even people from abroad come here to improve their health. It is said that Yermak had his first victory due to this mineral water.
According to the legend, in 1582 the army of Yermak was near the Tura River, near the capital of Ulus, the fortress Chingi-Tura. At night one of the Kazaks saw that a falling star hadn’t faded but was still glinting somewhere at the bank of the river. He headed towards it and found a spring, to which a bunch of tired horses were heading. They were drinking water and suddenly seemed to gain a burst of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.982351
Retrieved Text: Pebble pool finishes are very popular for their two exclusive features- Durability and versatility.
Unlike the traditional plaster pool surfaces, they are much tougher.
They do not wear-out defying all possibilities of staining and engraving.
In terms of thickness a single pebble finish is equal to most of the classic plaster finishes. With pebbled-bottom the pool finish becomes very tough and thick as several layers of strong stone are bound along with tinted/white plaster.
They are thicker and last for a long period. The longevity strikingly works in saving huge maintenance expenses in future that people often forget to calculate when opting for other type of pool designs.
Texture: The pebble texture is designed with brilliance to give pools a natural finish. Each and every pebble has a glossy and refined texture that increases the overall effect. They are very comfortable on hands and feet.
Stone sizes: They come in different shapes and sizes. Depending on the requirement any suitable shape or stone size can be availed.
Stone material: The stone materials are mostly made up of river pebbles making them chemically inert. Thus, there is no chance that they would in any way react with the water of the swimming pool, or other chemicals. This is the reason behind pebble-bottom finish being resistant to any form of attacks which assists them to maintain their wonderful luster through time.
The pebbled-bottom finish along with the mini-pebble surfaces has been a hit for they blend superbly with any pool contour or spa design.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.956377
Retrieved Text: Swimming pools have roots that date back to prehistoric times. However, they did not become popular in the mainstream until the post World War era.
Swimming pools did not become popular in mainstream society until post World War II.
A swimming pool is designed to hold water for swimming. Swimming pools can be built on any level of the ground or as a free standing structure. The most common pools are "inground", meaning they are built into the ground and are of custom size and shape. Pools can be indoor or outdoor and can include private pools, public pools, children’s pool, and competition (or "olympic sized" pools. The construction of swimming pools began as early as the 3rd millennium BC but did not become popular in the 19th century. Today, cities and urban areas around the world boast of modern and state of the art swimming pools.
The Great Bath is a water pool forming part of the ruins of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization at Mohenjo-Daro in Pakistan. It is the oldest known swimming pool in the world, estimated to have been built in the 3rd Millennium BC. The pool measures 38.9 feet by 23 feet and reaches a depth of 7.9 feet. It had two staircases on opposite ends of the pool. The pool's floor is fitted with bricks and overlaid with a thick layer of bitumen. No inlet drain has been found in the pool leading to speculation that the pool relied on rain water and water from a well that was dug in one of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.94074
Retrieved Text: H2O Cardio offers full benefits of a cardio workout with less risk of pain and injury.
Jennifer Stevens, an instructor at The Clarksville Area YMCA, teaches 7 water aerobics classes for seniors every week.
Are you thinking about starting an exercise program? Maybe your doctor has told you once again that you need to get active and get in shape. You’re not getting any younger. So where do you begin? The swimming pool.
Jennifer Goode Stevens has taught water aerobics at the YMCA for over 13 years and has found it fun, a great workout and a way to meet people and make friends.
She teaches five days a week and a total of seven classes. Her Friday class is oriented toward people living with arthritis or fibromyalgia and emphasizes working with the joints.
Stevens has never tried to add up how many people have taken her classes over the years. A conservative guess would be well over 10,000.
“There is no age limit on taking a class. The oldest person I’ve ever had in class was 93,” said Stevens. “Everyone is welcome here."
Water aerobics has been around for a long time and has proven itself as a great way to get in shape and stay in shape, Stevens said.
“The name we use here for the class is H2O Cardio. Most of the people who take this course are senior citizens. Something they like about the class is that it is low-impact exercise."
One key to the 45-minute workout: Once the class starts, they don't start until the 45 minutes is up.
"The participants

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.920296
Retrieved Text: Whew! It’s hot out there, folks! While I love my time at the parks, I also enjoy that relaxing time in the pool. Disney is known for it’s top notch level of entertainment in every single area including: rides, dining/drinks, resort amenities, and visual effects. The resort pools are also ranked as superb by the guests.
Each resort has one fabulous main pool, and there are several resorts that also have a secondary pool or pools, generally nestled within the resort buildings instead of the main pool which is quite visible from the lobby. Many of these secondary pools don’t have a “theme”, but their attraction is the fact that they are typically quieter than the main pool., and many adults love that. Some are also open 24/7, since they typically do not have a lifeguard on duty, whereas the main pools have hours and several staff. Pictured above is a secondary pool at Disney’s Polynesian Resort. We spent all of our pool time here during our last vacation and enjoyed it just as much as the times we have spent in the main pool at the Poly.
Wow! This pool has it all!!! This pool features a 230-foot-long shipwrecked water slide, which is absolutely awe inspiring for kiddos to wrangle around! Families love playing in the beach area and frolicking around in the zero-entry, sand-bottomed pool. If you prefer other activities, there is also a pool for water volleyball, whirlpool spas, a lazy river, and for those of us wanting to relax, plenty of lounge chairs!
This resort

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.895878
Retrieved Text: Lumbini Gardens is a water-front leisure park in Bangalore. This public park is situated on the banks of the Nagavara Lake that is located on the Outer Ring Road of Hebbal. The park stretches over an area of 1.5 km along the lake. The place is popular as an eco-friendly boating zone and a family entertainment destination.
The park has the capacity to entertain around 5000 guests every day. Built at a cost of Rs. 10 crore, the place has the unique distinction of offering a 12500 sq ft large artificial beach in a city that lacks a real beach.
Lumbini Gardens is a place with beautiful landscaping. This water-front amusement park has a large pool. A well maintained garden forms a part of the park. The garden is covered with various flowering plants, bushes and some really amazing statues. The park has a neatly laid out walking path that is decorated with several well-crafted sculptures.
The greenery of the place is ideal for spending a relaxed day and the calming effect of the water adds to the beauty of the park. In the evenings the place awakens to the illumination of numerous lights that make it a visual delight. The place also has food courts that serve various kinds of food items. Visitors can take part in the adventures of the park or enjoy a leisurely boat ride across the Nagavara Lake. It is a place that is popular as a picnic spot and a weekend destination for the people of Bangalore.
The Lumbini Gardens extends a number of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.830948
Retrieved Text: Having an automatic pool cover is undeniably one of the best ways to secure your outdoor or indoor pool. Other types of covers offer a useful function or two. However, automatic pool covers provide benefits that go above and beyond that. Needless to say, you are making a valuable investment when you decide to get one for your own home. Here are the top reasons why you should get an automatic pool cover.
Here at Coves in Play, we offer retractable reels made of premium quality parts and state-of-the-art electronics. We manufacture them with long-lasting materials, high torque motors, and other durable parts and materials. We are confident with the level of durability that our automatic pool reel covers offer. As such, we back it up with one of the best warranties for this type of product. You can expect to use it for many years to come.
The problem with most kinds of swimming pool covers is they are so frustrating to handle. It will usually take you a long time to put them on or remove them off the pool. Because they are so inconvenient, homeowners tend to avoid using them all together. Of course, you would not get any benefits from an unused pool cover. On the other hand, an automatic pool cover can roll on or off the pool on its own. All you need to do is press a button and it will automatically cover or uncover the swimming pool.
Another benefit of owning an automatic pool cover is cutting down your maintenance expenses.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.819801
Retrieved Text: When it comes to pool safety, don’t let your guard down just because summer is nearing the end. We often hear about the link between distracted driving and auto accidents, but what about the link between distracted parents and child swimming pool accidents.
There are almost 800 children who drown in the U.S. each year. It is the second leading cause of death among children ages 1-14 based on statistics from the Centers for Disease Control. For every fatal drowning, there are five non-fatal drowning incidents which can result in severe injuries such as brain damage, memory problems, learning disabilities, paralysis and permanent loss of basic bodily functions. These statistics alone show why it’s important for parents and babysitters to be extra vigilant about eliminating distractions while supervising children who are swimming.
Most people in charge of watching children at a swimming pool think that if they are sitting by the pool and don’t see or hear anything out of the ordinary then everything is okay. It’s a common misconception for people to think that if a child were in trouble while swimming they would see the child struggling or hear them cry for help. Unfortunately, the reality of drowning is that it is quick and quiet. It can happen silently in a matter of minutes or seconds, and if you’re distracted in any way you may not see it before it’s too late.
Cell Phones or other Electronic Devices – We can easily get caught up in using our electronic devices and forget everything that’s happening around us.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.800285
Retrieved Text: Have you ever sat and thought why you are having higher water bills nowadays than before? Well, it’s probably that beautiful swimming pool in your backyard! So now you know it’s the pool what next? Are you going to fill it up with soil and make a garden? Don’t go that way. It hasn’t got to that. Or has it? There are several ways you can reduce your water bills and save the amount of water you spend in your spa or pool.
Be smart, use water smartly by learning more on how you can conserve water in your spa or swimming pool. It’s important to play your part in environmental conservation. Wondering how you will be able to save on water usage?
Here is how – Avoid the urge to drain your pool water every new season – If you are the kind of pool owner who loves to drain their pool at the start of each new season and start off with fresh clean water, it’s time to reconsider that. If you have taken proper care of your pool, then it does not have to be drained as frequently as you may assume. Even if you get cloudy pool water, it does not mean you should drain your pool water. You can always treat cloudy water without having to drain your pool. You can find some practical tips on how to get rid of cloudy pool water. A lot of pool experts agree that a pool should be drained after every 3-7 years. However, spas need

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.757257
Retrieved Text: Wintertime usually means decreased attendance for indoor pools, leaving pool management services with the task of brainstorming creative ideas to attract swimmers despite the cold weather. Managers can take advantage of their aquatic facilities by offering water aerobics courses.
Activities are high-energy during swimming season, with plenty of families bringing their children to pools. For many, the frigid temperatures of winter means winding down. Accommodate this mentality by hosting a variety of water aerobics courses. This exercise is not only low-key, but also boasts plenty of health benefits. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, water-based exercise can improve health, especially in individuals with chronic illnesses such as arthritis, diabetes and more. Additionally, people reported that they enjoyed exercising in water more than on land.
First, find a licensed water aerobics instructor and offer your facility to the individual. Then, work out the numbers and assess whether having these courses would drive interest and profit. If the scenario works out, propose a deal with the instructor and begin advertising locally. Place plenty of signs around the area, purchase an advertisement space in the local newspaper and post it on your webpage. Remember to highlight that participants don’t need to be expert swimmers, since the exercises will take place in the shallow end of the pool.
If your facility doesn’t usually see much winter attendance, you’ll want to adjust your pool maintenance accordingly. Highlight the importance of properly showering before entering the pool to help cut down on contaminants.
There are many types of water aerobic exercises that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.752205
Retrieved Text: Air Conditioner to Heat Pool?
Is it possible to use an air conditioner to heat a pool? It seems like I might be able to use a liquid heat exchanger to cool the hot part of the air conditioning cycle using swimming pool water. Can someone give me an overview of how to build a system like the following myself (or at low cost by requesting the right work to be done by a professional)?
Thanks in advance! This could be very cool! But I’m also wondering why it seems there are not a lot of people aready doing this — leads me to believe that it might not be worthwhile. Perhaps the air conditioner does not put off enough heat to be useful?
Note: I have also been looking at heat pump systems, which I might end up with, but it would sure be nice if it were possible to modify the existing system instead at a reasonable cost.
To the poster who asks if there is a correlation between air conditioner use and need for pool heat, in my case, yes there is for several months of the year. Even in the hottest months, this could potentially be used to focus all the heat towards the spa, or for household hot water.
Another poster asks if it’s feasible, and there seem to be patents and some devices that do this for either pools or household hot water. Also, stand alone heat pumps are sold for this purpose and they are very similar to what I am proposing here. Air

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.731352
Retrieved Text: The main boat ramp over at Soda Canyon Complex is just out of the water. Boaters are still able to launch from the ramp as well as from the shore. San Carlos Lake is at about 4% water level.
Was browsing another social media site for more recent pictures and so saddened to see such a major fish kill - really like the entire shoreline of dead fish. At this point, it's gone.
It sure seemed to happen quickly this year people catching fish in May still and just drop quicker than I expected.
I'm amazed it came back as well as it did as fishing this winter/spring was good and that was 4 years (?) since the last drain I think.
That is sad, I know Piscolli tried to wade through the BS on minimum pools talking to all sorts of people and never got a straight answer several years ago. The tribe has been suing everyone up stream at no cost to them to get more water but they would rather sell it to the farms down stream than keep a decent pool in the lake for recreation. Amazing thing there is CAP water that can be tapped and used down stream near Florence and leave a pool of safe water in the lake. Need to find an endangered species in the lake and then have the US fish and wildlife service come in and set up some rules.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.730568
Retrieved Text: It’s summertime in Toronto and pool season is open! There’s nothing like a crystal pool of clear and refreshing water to take the edge off those 30-degree days. Whether you want to simply soak for a bit, party, play or exercise, pools are the ultimate backyard boost for those water-babies who love the aqua.
When it comes to choosing the kind of pool to install in your backyard, there are several things to consider – do you want an above-ground or inground version? Will it be vinyl, concrete, gunite or fiberglass? Will it be have a graded depth? Will it be chlorinated or salinated? What will be the surrounding surface? Although your pool company will definitely be able to help you make the best decision for your property, your needs and, above all, your budget, it is good to have an idea of what is available.
Vinyl refers to the liners used in both above-ground and in-ground pools. In an above-ground pool they usually have to be replaced in about 5 years while they have a slightly longer life in in-ground pools with an average replacement rate after 6 years. Concrete pools are very sturdy and last the longest but will need to be resurfaced every 9-13 years. Gunite is a form of concrete that is also very popular for pools and also lasts a very long time. Fiberglass pools will last around 20 years or longer depending on use and how well it is maintained.
Many people are opting for salt instead of chlorine pools now-a-days. Although the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.728306
Retrieved Text: Small plunge pools design ideas are the perfect option for people who have limited outdoor space. This type of pool will give you an authentic experience even if you have the smallest backyard and you will be able to take advantage of the many benefits that these pools provide. We shall look at different plunge pool designs, the pros and cons, the many benefits and how you can fit a plunge pool in your small backyard.
Many pool owners know that in a summer day there is nothing more relaxing than dipping in the backyard pool after a day of work, spending a couple of hours with the kids on a weekend afternoon and enjoying pool games, or just lying down by the pool with a cold drink and a good book. Many people love the idea of a backyard pool but having a full size garden pool is impossible because of the small outdoor space. What will work best for your small backyard? There are many ways to enjoy fabulous pool time and plunge pools are a good option as they can be fitted in almost any space. Moreover, you could do that on a budget. Sounds great, doesn’t it!
Plunge pools are one of the best space saving ideas and although they are limited in size they can be customized with water features like waterfalls, jets, pool lighting, an attractive pool fence can be added so that the patio or the backyard look welcoming and inviting.
Small plunge pools design ideas do look intriguing despite of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.727839
Retrieved Text: People swimming at the pool at 12th Street Gym in Center City.
The weather outside during Philadelphia winters can be so unbelievably awful why is it so windy oh my gosh frightful. It can get so chilly that the thought of diving into a pool is laughable.
But if you're really in the mood for a swim, there are some quality indoor pools in the city. While not common in Philly, there are enough options that whether you're looking to swim for fitness, leisure or are on a budget, you can easily find what you're looking for. Here are five to check out if you're looking to take a dip.
No worries, you don't need to be a student to become a member (although if you're enrolled, you get in free). The pool does have limited hours during fall and winter seasons, but hey, if you live in University City, it's better than nothing. It's for lap swimming only, so this is for those looking to get a workout swim in. Adult swimming lessons, which are $100 for five private sessions and $45 for one session (four group lessons) for members not affiliated with the university, are also offered.
Located in Mount Airy, FitLife Fitness & Aquatics offers a number of lessons, workouts and swims for whatever you're trying to do. These include endurance drills and core strengthening, just laps, swim lessons and a family swim held two Sundays each month with a lifeguard on duty. Membership costs $99 for a down payment and then $67 a month.
You can get

================



======= Instance Index 1023 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: People are sitting on the edge of the water. a guy... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: stands up and starts sailing on the water.

Ending 2: rides a raft in a river.

Ending 3: is chopping something on the ground.

Ending 4: holds onto a rope on a boat.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.539328
Retrieved Text: All fashion archives from August 22, 2014 - HELLO!
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showed off her supermodel physique in bikini bottoms as she took part in the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge on Thursday. The British beauty took to Instagram to share a short clip of her being drenched in ice cold water. "I accepted the #ALSIceBucketChallenge and donated at www.alsa.org and I nominate Guy Aroch, Cassandra Grey and Cher Coulter!" she wrote. Sitting on the edge of a fountain, Rosie addresses the camera, announcing that she accepted the challenge from Australian model Abbey Lee Kershaw. The model lets out a high-pitched scream as the bucket is tipped over her head.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.930498
Retrieved Text: Railay Beach day 3 started off alright. After brekkie we headed over to Railay West and saw that the water was way out so we decided to check out Ton Sai Beach.
But the water wasn't very deep and it was really dirty so I didn't really want to swim in it (even though I definitely could have used the cool down in the water). We didn't stay long and just headed back to Railay West right away to swim!
Much nicer! There weren't very many people out and about yet (we had taken some beach towels the night prior so we wouldn't have to wait for them to be stocked in the morning) so it was almost like a private beach.
So much swimming! We swam for a few hours until we got hungry. Raymond kept saying "watch out!" while we were in the water and I was just like dude - you need to stop that! Seriously it stresses me out just being in the water without you freaking me out that something is in there and going to touch me! This was definitely the best place to go swimming in Railay for me. I didn't see any fish, no jellyfish, nothing but clear water for me to swim around in.
We went back to that same resort restaurant for lunch. The guy even remembered our order. I guess we went there too many times.
Then it was back to the pool by our room for an afternoon swim. There were so many people there when we got there,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.816463
Retrieved Text: The eastern dwarf tree frog (or eastern sedge-frog) is a small and very common species found on the east coast of Australia. Usually found sheltering in shrubs and fern fronds, they only grow to about 25mm in length. This cute little guy was photographed in our garden at Port Stephens.
Hearing a loud croaking noise last night, we ventured outside to try and identify the source. Switching on the spotlights, we saw this beautiful little grey tree frog sitting on the edge of our water bowl. It probably wasn’t happy with our presence but didn’t move as I took a few photos.
Having frogs in your garden, means the environment is in a healthy state. These tiny eggs – frog spawn – will soon hatch into tadpoles and populate this pond in my daughter’s garden. Nardoo, duckweed and hornwort are some of the aquatic plants featured. The large water bowl has a submerged pot of Phalaris arundinacea.
One evening, we were delighted to find these green tree frogs on our back deck. Surprisingly they allowed me to approach them and take some very close-up photographs.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.718643
Retrieved Text: My first impression was, ‘wow, how did they let this get built?’ It seems shockingly unsafe for the city to let people wade into the pools, wander along the top edge, and generally treat it like the world’s quirkiest public pool; at one point there were two dozen people scattered throughout the pools, including kids who had showed up with swimming suits and towels. I give Halprin credit: it’s hard to imagine this was ever approved by the city’s lawyers but I’ve heard that it actually has a good safety record. Like an adventure playground, it looks so obviously dangerous that people treat it with the proper respect and avoid hurting themselves. I saw one woman absolutely traumatized by the sight of her young daughter venturing close to the edge, but, after screaming at her kid to get back, she didn’t actually make the girl get out, just stay away from the danger zone. It’s too bad that things like this are so rare in our built landscapes.
One of Halprin’s early design sketches for the project shows a granite cliff, though the design obviously evolved quite a bit beyond this starting point. Instead of a granite cliff, the forms of the fountain remind me much more of a city skyline, like a bunch of high rises pushed up against each other. They were designed, after the initial concept sketches, by an architect on his staff, Angela Danadjieva, working with clay, a key difference that shows some of the differences between concrete and stone, and maybe even

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.24088
Retrieved Text: While sitting on the airplane two blind pilots, both are wearing dark glasses, one is using a guide dog, and the other is tapping his way along the aisle with a cane came aboard the plane.
The plane moves faster and faster down the runway, and the people sitting in the window seats realize they're headed straight for the water at the edge of the airport. As it begins to look as though the plane will plough into the water, panicked screams fill the cabin. At that moment, the plane lifts smoothly into the air.
In the cockpit, one of the blind pilots turns to the other and says, "Ya know, Bob, one of these days, they're gonna scream too late, and we're all gonna die."

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.995865
Retrieved Text: Near the far end of Alex Katz's current show at the Parrish Art Museum in Southampton, New York, is a 12-foot-wide canvas that shows yellow water lilies floating in a blue-gray pond. “It took me about 40 years to get up the nerve to paint those,” Katz admits, sitting on a couch in his fifth–floor studio in SoHo, on a weekday morning last month. “My studio in Maine is on a four-mile pond, and at the edge of it there are water lilies. People always suggested that I paint them."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.912285
Retrieved Text: Contacts Blog I’m offering cutting edge SEO technology, helping self employed win more customers too.
Impressive yes, who wants these scores?
Optimised with SEO cutting edge technology, a light bulb moment.
SEO cutting edge technology for small businesses that guarantees your scoring will increase from 20% 50% or higher, open to sole traders & the self employed too. Currently 2 businesses like the concept and have and are inputting my interesting formula. Maybe a 3rd tomorrow afternoon, who knows.
Small Businesses Cutting Edge SEO.
People start a small business generally from home or a garage (as Google did) in varying sectors from baking, delicatessens, to trades-people such as electricians (sparks), carpenters, plumbers, plasterers through to web designers and bespoke software engineers. At a professional level, lawyers, accountants, dentists, and private doctors, the list of endless. Most people that purchase a website try with all their might to get onto the coveted page one on Google. This is their goal, most only dream of sitting there. Times have changed for the little guy or lass working from her basement flat. You can now command and turn that dream into reality. Hello guys, have you read online that people have written there are no shortcuts or trust no shortcuts solutions. I find the problem with these comments are: that they have never researched or searched for a solution, so this is all they can write. They go on to say, businesses can spend vast amounts of money on search engine optimisation to get onto the coveted first page on Google. Want to get

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.5143
Retrieved Text: Ranging from ...: Crocodile Catching!
Well this last Saturday we all donned our Steve Irwin khaki's, and got in touch with our inner "Crocodile Hunter" for a very exciting morning out in the field.
It all started with our reserve staff reporting a sighting of a lone Crocodile out in the forest where they had been working. This in not unusual as crocodiles can walk a fair amount of kilometres in order to find new and reliable water sources. This guy was on the banks of a very dried up river bed, and luckily for us, we had a new dam that was looking for a resident croc.
Naturally, we let nature take it's course on most occasions although because the crocodile numbers are quite low in this reserve we decided to help this lonely guy out a bit. Crocodiles were never reintroduced and so whatever number crocodiles we have residing on the property has been of their own accord and their own movement in to and out of the property.
The dam that was to become the crocs new home had dried up over the winter months, and so we took the opportunity to dig it slightly deeper and make it more "user friendly" for our animals. We do pump water from a borehole into this dam when the water levels start looking too low to ensure that our animals are gauranteed of a reliable water source when things get too dry.
After packing a blanket, some ropes, a towel and a very large stick off we went to catch

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.148548
Retrieved Text: View of a beach lined with palm trees and buildings. Men and women walk along sidewalks or admire the view from decks. Mountains in the background.
A woman and two men sitting on a beach lined with palm trees with a large structure in the background.
A man on a rocky shore at the edge of the water, his back to the camera and partially bent over perhaps picking up a rock. There are many boats on the water and a pier in the middle distance with men and women walking along it.
A large ship with many smaller boats near it in the water. In the foreground, are for or five people swimming.
A dock and a floating pier in the ocean, boats in the water beyond and bathers and people relaxing on the dock in the foreground.
View of a man walking on a dirt path under a steel bridge. On the right side of the frame is a city or town.
A collection of small wooden houses and shacks connected by dirt trails. In the middle distance is a horse and carriage and larger structures visible in the background.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.125418
Retrieved Text: In this video posted to YouTube, several people go through very bad experiences while on Spice. Probably some of the worst I have ever watched. And I have seen a lot of these.
They exhibit quite a few of the side effects from the drug.
Having been through this before, I can tell you: it is not pleasant.
I know when I had bad trips on the stuff, having people make fun of me and yell at me probably would have sent me over the edge. I had such horrible thoughts running through my head, screaming would have been the last thing I needed.
Here is another video that shows how much you can lose control of your body, after just one hit. This guy is sitting in his friends car, puking all over himself uncontrollably. His friend can’t do anything to help. Hard to watch.
These are just two of thousands of these types of videos on media like YouTube.
Quite a deterrent from smoking synthetic weed, I would say.
This entry was posted in Bad Spice Trips and tagged bad spice trip, fake pot, spice, synthetic marijuana.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.031029
Retrieved Text: Topics that probably don’t need to be studied.
Two things crossed my mind when I came across this study: “Life Often Shorter for the Homeless.” A new Danish study finds that homeless people have higher death rates and a much lower life expectancy than other people.
1) A memory of sitting on one of those bright florescent nuclear blast ready low riding plastic chairs learning about the necessities of life: air, food, water, and shelter.
Everyone has talked or at least thought about this at one point in their lives. This guy is actually doing it.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.76013
Retrieved Text: narrow china cabinet tall china cabinet fabulous narrow in skinny thin display cabinets with glass doors narrow china hutch cabinet.
chrome corner shower shelf chrome corner shower shelf chrome shower shelf chrome chrome corner satina chrome triple corner shower caddy shelf basket.
girl bunk bed with slide girls bunk beds with storage beds bump kid with storage bunk bed with slide cool teenage kid loft bed with slide.
the garden guy comment from f of garden guy business owner garden guy.
teal decorating ideas for living room blue and brown living room blue and brown living room ideas living living room decorating ideas teal home decor living room.
do plant cells have chromosomes animal cell anatomy diagram structure all stock vector com do plant cells have chromosomes animal cell membrane plant cell chromosomes definition.
lamp socket porcelain ceramic lamp socket bulb holder electric lamp holder lamp socket screw ring.
parts storage small parts organizer drawer image parts storage pin prey.
clogged kitchen sink with sitting water clogged kitchen sink with sitting water trending clogged kitchen sink with sitting water.
succulents garden designs landscaping with succulents small succulent garden plants.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.701946
Retrieved Text: When I was in the Airforce, stationed at Misawa Airbase in Japan, I regularly went to a place called the Hospitality House. The Hospitality House, run by a christian ministry called Cadence International, basically serves as a get together place for military people who are stationed over seas.
One thing I noticed about being stationed over seas was that the environment constantly changes between old people leaving and new people coming in. When I was stationed in Misawa, I witnessed an older generation leaving, as I incorporated with a newer generation. Then, later on as my generation started to leave, a newer generation began to appear.
And here's a group photo of a bunch of people I've never seen before.
Here's ol' Caleb playing the guitar back in 01.
And here's some dudes with guitars sitting on an unfamiliar couch at the modern house.
Here's Jay, strummin a guitar next to Chris, who for the moment seems to have contracted a case of the downs.
And here's some more peeps with guitars at the current house. Notice the edge of a big screen TV on the far left in contrast to the TV in the picture above this one.
Here's Keith. His family ran the House when I was there. Note the two silver coffee cylinders in the background and the mug in Keiths hand. In my day, if you went to the House, you could count on drinking coffee, even if you didn't normally drink it.
And I'm pretty sure this is the guy who's the head honcho nowa days. And look, what's

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.688322
Retrieved Text: The broad bench open for sitting or sprawling.
At water's edge, or on top of a peak.
Is that a fog bank out there?
And through that to the ambiguous mist.
Wedged in tight beside bundle and box.
Cozy their teacups in a quilted tray.
To keep the casual from falling out.
Luxurious and heavy like the Imperial Hotel.
Water in, and poured people out into the land.
And spotlighting wood, and mats, and cloth.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.666647
Retrieved Text: Vieques is also known as a place where people don't ask too many questions. The owner of the guesthouse where we stayed—himself by all appearances an upstanding citizen—told us he was channel surfing past America's Most Wanted one night when he recognized a familiar face. "I was like, 'I know that guy,'" he said. "'He owns the home and garden center in town!'" Sitting at the bar at Al's Mar Azul, you can definitely imagine that the colorful faces all around have some stories to tell—and some others they'd probably rather not.
White sand beaches and clear waters ring the entire island, and coral reefs rest just off shore. A highlight of visiting Vieques is spending an evening at Mosquito Bay, where perfect geographic conditions align to make an ideal habitat for bioluminescent micro-organisms. (A very readable explanation of the science is available here.) In a kayak, you can paddle across the bay and watch as glowing streaks extend behind your every stroke. Scoop up a handful of the water and the creatures flash brilliant sparks across your hand. Fish even light up as they cruise below the surface.
The lady friend and I generally spent each day exploring the island's different beaches, snorkeling and snacking and drinking. I lugged a travel fishing kit down from DC with me, but didn't have any luck in the few hours of fishing I managed before my gear was stolen. We had been warned about the thieves on horseback who lurk in the bushes, preying on unsuspecting beachgoers, but hoped that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.550993
Retrieved Text: A jackrabbit beside a sagebrush near Silver Lake, Oregon.
A common egret in flight over egret colony.
A young common egret in its nest.
A common egret in flight.
Two young common egrets in their nest. Image note: close up, side view.
Three common egret chicks in their nest. Image note: side view, close up.
Two common egret chicks in their nest. Image note: side view, close up.
Common egret chick in nest.
Egrets in brush on a low hill near Silver Lake.
Dallas Lore Sharp and an unidentified Malheur Audubon warden rolling up their pant legs on the edge of Silver Lake.
Dallas Lore Sharp and three unidentified Malheur Audubon wardens wading in Silver Lake.
Dallas Lore Sharp walking near the edge of the water at Silver Lake.
Distant view of Dallas Lore Sharp walking near the edge of the water at Silver Lake.
Dallas Lore Sharp and four unidentified Malheur Audubon wardens wading in the mud along the edge of Silver Lake.
Dallas Lore Sharp and an unidentified man sitting on rocks.
Dallas Lore Sharp sitting on a rock tying his shoe.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.51493
Retrieved Text: Fishermen are taking shelter from the sun beneath a large umbrella at the waters edge in the lower right of the composition. They are sitting on a platform that extends over the steps that leads down to the water. A vast expanse of water extends into the background on the right and a large palace is visible in the background on the left.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.398872
Retrieved Text: The plane moves faster and faster down the runway and the people sitting in the window seats realize they’re headed straight for the water at the edge of the airport. As it begins to look as though the plane will plough in to the water, panicked screams fill the cabin. At that moment, the plane lifts smoothly into the air. The passengers relax and laugh a little sheepishly, and soon all retreat into t heir magazines, secure in the knowledge that the pl ane is in good hands.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.262062
Retrieved Text: I crossed from Senegal into north-west Mali on Thursday 22nd March.
Tony with a bottle of Sprite at The Sleeping Camel Guesthouse, Bamako.
Chairs and tables outside The Sleeping Camel Guesthouse. Compound shaded by trees and surrounded by high walls.
Gina from Ireland at the guesthouse.
4×4 vehicles parked in the guesthouse compound.
Tony sitting with a local guy at the guesthouse.
A small group of fellow travellers dancing in the guesthouse compound. They were stuck there along with all the other guests due to the coup and the border closures!
View from a motorcycle crossing Martyrs Bridge (Pont Des Martyrs) over the wide Niger River in Bamako. Heading towards the commercial and administrative centre of the city on the north side of the river. Photos taken by Tony who is on the back of the motorbike. Tony is being driven by a friendly guy from Burkino Faso – he was working at the Sleeping Camel when Tony met him.
Looking along the river from the bridge. Two men travelling in a canoe down below.
A hotel on the north bank of the river by the bridge.
Heading into the centre of Bamako from the north end of Martyrs Bridge.
Passing the Martyrs Monument located in the middle of the road. This is a memorial to those who were killed during mass protests in early 1991.
View along the road into the city centre, busy with vehicles and pedestrians. A few market stalls along the side.
Looking towards the edge of a busy market. The two minarets of the Grand Mosque are visible behind.
Market stalls selling clothes at the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.854286
Retrieved Text: We use a lot of water everyday, more than we likely realize. “Virtual water” is the term for how much water it takes to grow or make the food we eat and products we use all the time. With engaging motion graphics and some astounding yet fun facts, the film follows an average guy through an average day to show how much water, both virtual and direct, we use everyday. The graphics, the music, and the facts light and simple so that people are engaged and interested, and do not feel burdened or guilty. It is another tool to help us make good choices in our daily lives.
Christopher McEnroe has edited award-winning television shows for Disney, Discovery, and National Geographic, and directed commercial work for Miller Genuine Draft, Honda Civic, and Molson Canadian. Working under the guidance of industry giants on major productions such as X-Men, Chicago, and Resident Evil, he has developed a deep understanding of cinematographic techniques and their application. His work is driven by a love of the process, and a fascination with the ability of sound and picture to create meaning and drive emotion. He is passionate about creating works that move people. His affinity for digital technology has propelled him into the emerging world of multi-platform media ventures: the nexus where the cutting edge of both art and science work together to create powerful and persuasive new meanings in media.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.760525
Retrieved Text: A cat’s hatred of water is a widely accepted fact, but in truth, not all cats feel this way and some even look forward to bath time. Take a look at this cute grey kitty while he bathes himself in the sink. He looks right at home sitting there with water trickling out of the faucet, you can see that he’s enjoying letting the water trickle over his head while he washes himself. He even has a little drink.
I love the expression on his face as he turns to look at the camera, Scottish Fold kitties are really cute and this guy has totally made my day.
Click here to see a great compilation of cats enjoying themselves in water!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.729918
Retrieved Text: Weather update from Columbia, South Carolina. As the radar reads, we are on the very edge of the storm. Areas south of us are receiving snow. We received a light dusting and currently are having a couple of flakes fall here and there. When I was leaving for work this morning, there were people driving around checking the roads for black ice. I just slowed down and kept my distance. Our area is still fighting issues with drainage after the floods of October 2015. We had minimal sitting water from the rain yesterday.
I feel for the people who are being hit hard. All I can say is stay safe in the weather. Snuggle in your blankets and eat soup. I am sending positive vibes that they are able to maintain heat and don’t have to leave the house. For the kids, I hope you stay warm and a find a hill to sled down. Even our milk and bread has been banished from the shelves. the short of it winter it is here and its only 56 days till Spring.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.594843
Retrieved Text: Care to try your luck on a puzzle? See if you can put Gimli the Hamster back together again!
This guy was so pampered. He even had us peeling carrots so we could feed them to him while he was sitting in his hollowed out coconut home. Carlena would even sometimes offer up the water bottle so he didn’t have to move! When he was ready to move man did this guy burn the calories. He would run in his wheel for hours at a time. Although, sadly, I don’t think we have photos to prove it, this little guy would climb the bars of his cage, and go “hand over hand” along the roof until he got tired.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.51529
Retrieved Text: A Texas mother is in grief as three of her five children drowned at their apartment complex’s pool, but police are saying that it happened while she was distracted with her cell phone.
According to CBS News, authorities in Irving, Texas, said that Patricia Allen was sitting by her apartment pool on her cell phone on June 24 when three of her five children drowned. Reports said that the kids were unable to swim, but Allen’s husband and friends refuted that.
Witnesses said that they saw Allen by the pool, but on her cell phone, and they saw that the water was quiet and calm. According to the witnesses, Allen was not reacting to the scene when they arrived, but quickly began to panic and ask for someone to call the authorities.
"[They] walked up to the pool and saw the mother sitting on the edge of the pool looking outward toward the deeper end of the pool and also observed that the water was still and calm, that there was no flapping or splashing or bubbles in the water," Irving police spokesman James McLellan said. "It was at that point that the mother stepped out."
According to the police report, Anthony, 11, August 10, and Treshawn, 9, were the children of Allen’s that were in the pool and drowned. Her other two kids are now with Child Protective Services and were with her at the time of the incident, police say.
Family spokesman Anthony Bond told CBS DFW that he does not believe that Allen is a bad parent and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.494236
Retrieved Text: A beautiful place on the side or coast of any river or ocean is known as a beach. Normally a beach contains many particles of the sea, which are in the form of some pieces of rock and sand as well. A beach is a very busy place during the summertime all around the world. The summer is a good time to head to the beach and enjoy the beauty of the nature in the water. Some people like summer solely because they can enjoy themselves at the beach. It is obviously hard to enjoy yourself on the beach during winter, so that is one of the reasons why people like the summertime. At the sunset time in summer, if you are sitting at the edge of a beautiful blue beach it will make you feel very special and you never want to leave.
Both young girls and young boys like to go to the beach during the summertime. There are many activities which add more fun on the beach. You can go with your friends and play different games there. Playing with water will give you more fun. Girls on the beach like to lay down in the sun in short dresses. Some girls like to go in deep water. Taking pictures on the beach is another thing that girls like to do. Some girls go for a photo-shoot on the beach as it will give them very special feelings. In this article you will get many types of beach girl wallpaper. Download these and use

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.486753
Retrieved Text: Family Friendly Lake Front Property on the Water's Edge. Spectacular Setting.
2 bedrooms w/open kitchen - living -dining room space overlooking lake.
Carver Cottage is only 20 ft from the water's edge and provides the infinity pool effect when sitting in the living room. You feel like you're surrounded by water - it's so close. The sounds of water splashing on the shoreline below lull you to sleep at night and during the day if you so please. Its proximity to the water with its spectacular views makes this unit special.
This fully insulated year round cottage is so beautiful any time of year, you'll want to move to this quiet little oasis year round! Enjoy evening fires on the patio above the waters edge. Breakfast off the living room on the attached patio will be your dining room for the week if the weather cooperates. I can't say enough about the comfort of this house with its breathtaking western Adirondack views. Please call or email for additional photos and description of the property.
331 has one full spacious bathroom with all the amenities.
Sandy bottom. Some rocks at initial entry.
Ramp to doorway. Shower not accessible.
This was a clean, comfortable home, right on the water.
Privacy and views are wonderful, Owners very pleasant as well.
And not far from the city or mountains.
We rented 2 side-by-side cottages right on Lake Champlain for a family reunion. The 16 of us had a fantastic time despite unusually hot weather for end of August. There were fans in every room plus breezes from the lake. Kitchens

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.478199
Retrieved Text: River’s Edge RV Campground is situated in a secluded wooded area on the beautiful banks of the Yellow River in Okaloosa County, FL. You will find camping at it’s best at River's Edge in a friendly, peaceful atmosphere.
River's Edge has a boat ramp on the beautiful banks of the Yellow River. If you like to boat or bank fish you will find some of the best fishing right here with bass, cat fish, shellcracker, bream and many more. If good fishing or plain old camping out, sitting by the fire is your plan then come see us here at River's Edge.
River's Edge is only minutes from the fine Southern cuisine or seafood by the seashore. There are many family centered points of interest in the area. Whether your family likes a day on the river, emerald water waves and sugar-white beaches or traditional museums, historical sites or the Blue Angels, River's Edge is the place for you!
If this is what you are looking for, River's Edge RV Campground should be your destination. River's Edge RV Campground is easy to reach via Interstate 10 or US Highway 90.
Refunds of reservation fees are only available with a written notice, given at least 30 days prior.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.467417
Retrieved Text: Rustic hunting shack sitting on 16 acres of great wildlife habitat!!! Although this listing is perfectly located to give you access to hundreds of acres of public hunting and fishing; there is no doubt a guy could kill a good buck off this 16 acre property every year. This 16 acres was once mined and the reclaim work done on this piece has created some prime whitetail habitat. Native grasses, available water, tons of browse and bedding, and mast producing trees makes this small tract a big buck hideaway. Established trail system surrounding the perimeter of the property allows easy access.
The cabin is rustic but provides just the right amount of comforts needed when you come in from a cold morning hunt. County water, septic, and electricity are located at the cabin. If you’re on a budget and would be willing to put in a little work, this listing could net you a really good deer every year while giving you close access to tons of public hunting. Perfect set up for a guy from out of town; needing a place to stay while hunting the many public spots near by.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.427631
Retrieved Text: One night, the company Xiaoya After adding the class to drive home to the rental of residential quarters downstairs, suddenly a bucket of water fell from the sky, pouring her body had a water vapor permeability.A time when the winter, cold, Xiaoya suddenly cold chills straight.She lifted her head and looked at the upstairs culprit had disappeared without a trace.Who deliberately prank, or which of the water on the balcony inadvertently spilled out?Xiaoya heart side edge of the floor guilty of muttering, hold her shoulders, repeatedly sneezing.　Just then, the door to live in highlighting exactly are back.Highlight kind of embarrassed to see Xiaoya, she asked with concern: Xiao Ya, how you anyhow, what happened?　Xiaoya said a trembling watering unexpected things, highlight angrily: what people do, really wicked!Can go home, get your clothes, carefully cold.　They came to the room in front Xiaoya, Xiaoya highlighted watching silent look, hold carefully asked: Xiao Ya, you alone okay?If you are not comfortable on notice me, whatever the outcome, we are also neighbors ah.　Xiaoya nodded and then opened the door and went in.Highlight on the outside after a pause children, also have heard the sound of a sneeze came from the inside of.　At midnight, has been highlighted not sleep, he still does not fit Xiaoya, even though they are usually not many exchanges, meet only nod, but now Xiaoya trouble, two equally single out white-collar workers, can do not help one another?　Highlight a look from time to time on the pillow of mobile phones, mobile phones can be very quiet.Xu Xiaoya

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.39396
Retrieved Text: Are you going through withdrawal missing those “Battlestar Galactica” episodes? Sitting on the edge of your chair for the final season that starts January 16th? Well SciFi.com has something just for you: Face of the Enemy, a series of 10 webisodes running twice a week from now through January 16, 2009. I’ve taken a peek at the first two webisodes and can tell you Battlestar Galactica fans that this webisode series is worth a watch. These first two episodes focus on Felix Gaeta trapped in a raptor with two pilots, a contruction guy and you guessed it – two Boomers. Gaeta and Number 8 try to figure out who or what is killing the passengers inside their transport. There’s a surprise about Gaeta that I won’t spoil for you as well. These webisodes are quite short, but for fans of the show definitely worth watching. Note that there is also an “enhanced” version you can watch with commentary like you can get with DVD extra features – nice touch.

================



======= Instance Index 1972 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see an opening title screen. a man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is talking on a cell phone using a palette.

Ending 2: puts bull horns on his chin.

Ending 3: holds a badminton racket in a gym and talks.

Ending 4: stands in a casino and hands young man blackjack.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.580202
Retrieved Text: 16/05/2018 · Record the title of the film in its original language, with the exact spelling and capitalization as it appears in the title screen of the opening credits.  Only films that have received wide release or distribution are eligible for listings on IMDb.... The original filename if the file was uploaded manually, or the original title if the file was inserted through the API. Note that renames of the title will not change the original filename. This will only be populated on files with content stored in Drive.
16/05/2018 · Record the title of the film in its original language, with the exact spelling and capitalization as it appears in the title screen of the opening credits.  Only films that have received wide release or distribution are eligible for listings on IMDb.... Dear IMDb, i have a problem regarding the title of one of my films. The title of the film, which is listed as "Ako sa varia dejiny" is not correct and I need to change it to "Cooking history" which is the original title.
The main imdb display title for a country should reflect what title the movie/tv show is primarily known as to the locale (speaking language and country) of choice. Previously, submitting an imdb display title for the country of origin was considered unnecessary.... Home Indiana Registration & Title Title Transfers Our goal is to give you the most up-to-date, accurate information about your state DMV's processes. The date you see here reflects the most recent time we've verified this information

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.549702
Retrieved Text: Saul Bass was one of America’s premiere graphic designers through the second half of the Twentieth Century. He created some of the best-remembered, most iconic logos in North America: e.g., the Bell Telephone logo (1969) and the successor AT&T globe (1983), Continental Airlines (1968), Dixie (1969), United Airlines (1974), and Warner Communications (1974).
In the broadest sense, all modern opening title sequences that introduce the mood or theme of a film can be seen as descendent of Bass’s innovative work. In particular, though, one can detect the influence of Bass in the title sequences for some recent movies and television series (especially those set in the 1960s) that have purposely emulated the graphic style of his animated sequences from that era: e.g., Catch Me If You Can (2002), X-Men: First Class (2011), and the opening to the AMC series Mad Men.
See a more complete frame board of Bass’ North By Northwest opening here; browse more of his extraordinary canon here— all courtesy of our old friend Christian Annyas.
As we mute our cell phones, we might recall that it was on this date in 1956 that Alfred Hitchcock’s muse, the Oscar-winning actress Grace Kelly, became Her Serene Highness Princess Grace of Monaco.
In the age of Amazon, when much of the world is but a click away from having any product they can imagine shipped to their doorstep in just two days, beer is stubbornly anachronistic, a globalization holdout that’s subject to the physical locations of breweries, along with the regional patterns of alcohol distributors.
As we pour into a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.174356
Retrieved Text: Coming soon: The Love Me Or Die - new limited edition artist beer!
Here's a little sneak peek, a little glimpse at the creation of the label and print artwork for the soon to be released "The Love Me Or Die", the 2nd limited edition artist beer I recently brewed up together with my man Oliver Wesseloh, head honcho at Kehrwieder Kreativbrauerei in Hamburg ... stay tuned!
PS: The beer will be released in a limited edition of 100 six-bottle-boxes including an 8-color silk screen print of the artwork ... printed again by the wonderful Dolly Demorrati / Motherdrucker Berlin. A bunch of single bottles will be available too.
PPS: The beer edition will be launched Friday September 14, 4–9 pm, at the heliumcowboy gallery.
PPS: The name of the beer 'The Love Me Or Die' is the title of a song by C.W. Stoneking that was part of the inspiration for this brew and the artwork. Listen to the man! He is incredible!
PPS: Yes there is already a larger and pretty complex woodwork of mine with the same title - it was part of an exhibition last year and already showed my obsession with the story of this particular song. The label artwork is basically the same, only not carved, and flat, and with more skulls … (here's more about the original artwork).
This winter, from November 11 – December 15, my friend and fellow artist Victor Castillo and me embark once again on the journey of a joint exhibition. A cooperation we begun in 2014 with the first edition

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.49944
Retrieved Text: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story does a lot of things to make it clear to the viewer that it is, in fact, a Star Wars movie. However, there's one iconic part of the franchise missing from the film and the man responsible for creating it isn't happy. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is missing an opening title and text crawl and the man who spent countless hours trying to create a version that George Lucas liked, really thinks it was the wrong move.
Frankly, it is a huge mistake, because the image is so iconic and it's so important to tens of millions, hundreds of millions of fans. I couldn't imagine it starting without that. It's foolish.
Dan Perri is the man credited with creating the opening of the original Star Wars and when The Hollywood Reporter asked him what he thought of the new film not using it, he didn't hold back. Of all the things that went on behind the scenes of the creation of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story one of the most hotly contested seems to have been whether or not to open the film the same way as all of the others. On the one hand, no Star Wars film has ever happened that didn't start that way, but on the other, there's never been a Star Wars movie like Rogue One. It's a different sort of animal, and as such, Lucasfilm wanted to give the film a different feel and thus decided against opening it the same way. They

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.42682
Retrieved Text: The first few minutes of Michael Curtiz's Casablanca (1942), leading up to the arrival of Major Strasser/Conrad Veidt, establishes the setting through several channels. Following the opening credits, there's a brief narration, an establishing scene, exposition, a montage, a comic vignette and a crowd scene. It's unlikely that any of these things were in the source play, and the sequence points to how the film elaborates on the bare bones of the plot.
The film opens with a map of Africa behind the credits, with the title providing a more specific clue to the film's setting. These visual clues are reinforced by Max Steiner's typically obvious score in which an exotic, African-sounding theme segues into "La Marseillaise."
In the next sequence, the soundtrack dominates and even seems to dictate the imagery. As the solemn off-screen narrator describes the path of refugees hoping to fly to America from Lisbon, the camera moves in on a slowly rotating globe. As the camera arrives on Europe, the film dissolves to a flat map with a line moving from Paris to Marseilles to Oran to Casablanca. The camera begins close on Paris, moves out take in the Mediterranean Sea, and then moves in on Casablanca. Superimposed over the map are stock images of people walking, then boats crossing the sea, and then more walking. Here the images neatly illustrate the text.
As the name of the city fills the screen, the film dissolves to a skyline. The narration continues as the camera moves down to street level before being over-taken by the ambient

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.322834
Retrieved Text: Home screen quick actions are a convenient way to perform useful, app-specific actions right from the Home screen, using 3D Touch. Apply a little pressure to an app icon with your finger—more than you use for tap and hold—to see a list of available quick actions. Tap one to activate it. Mail, for example, includes quick actions that take you right to the Inbox or the VIP mailbox, initiate search, and create a new message. Each Home screen quick action includes a title, an icon on the left or right (depending on your app’s position on the home screen), and an optional subtitle. The title and subtitle are always left-aligned in left-to-right languages. Your app can even dynamically update its quick actions when new information is available. For example, Messages provides quick actions for opening your most recent conversations.
Tip Some apps display a widget above their list of quick actions. For example, the Stocks quick action list appears below a widget showing your current stock values. Consider implementing a widget to provide an even more engaging experience. For widget design guidelines, see Home Screen Quick Action Widgets.
Create quick actions for compelling, high-value tasks. For example, Maps lets people search near their current location or get directions home without first opening the Maps app. Every app should enable at least one useful quick action; you can provide a total of four.
Avoid using quick actions to ease navigation. If it’s difficult or time-consuming to visit important areas in your app, first fix your navigation to work well for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.874754
Retrieved Text: You know, like nunchuck skills, bow hunting skills, computer hacking skills... Girls only want boyfriends who have great skills.
Saucy credits garnish high school foodstuff alongside screamingly mundane high school ephemera serving as cringe-worthy currency all the while inducing smile after smile. Aaron Ruell, who also plays Kipland "Kip" Ronald Dynamite, designed the opening credit sequence for Jared and Jerusha Hess' Napoleon Dynamite with the White Stripes' "We're Going to be Friends" easing in childlike qualities.
We had an opportunity to speak with Hess about the unique openings to his films. This week follows on from Gentlemen Broncos, with a discussion on the genesis of the Napoleon title sequence.
A discussion with Director JARED HESS.
Tell us how this sequence came about.
JH: When we made Napoleon it was very low budget and we made the whole thing for under $400,000; when we screened the film at Sundance we did not have an opening title sequence at all - it opened cold. It went from a black screen right to Napoleon standing in front of his house waiting for the school bus, and we had a very basic credit roll at the end of the film.
When we sold the film to Fox Searchlight I remember they test screened the film a couple of different times and one of the silly questions that kept coming up in the focus groups afterwards (adopts voice of Brutus from Gentlemen Broncos) "What year does this take place? I mean it's like everybody's wearing clothes from the 80's and the 90's, yet they have the Internet,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.761784
Retrieved Text: Here at 25YLSite, we handle a lot of heavy lifting. Analysis, interpretation, deep discussion, introspective interviews…you name it, we’ve got it. “Favorites” takes a lighter approach to the material we normally cover. Each week, we will take you through a list of favorites—whether it’s moments, scenes, episodes, characters, lines of dialogue, whatever!—in bite-sized articles perfect for your lunch break, a dull commute, or anywhere you need to take a Moment of Zen. So, sit back and enjoy this week’s offering: Caemeron Crain’s top opening title sequences.
I recently saw Kirby Ferguson’s video defending closing credits, and while I am fully on board with that, I feel even more strongly about the opening ones. There has been a tendency to shorten them, or to even more or less do away with them, in recent years, but as much as I enjoy the starkness of the opening to Lost, or the way that Better Call Saul cuts us off mid-note, I can’t help but love the opening title sequence proper.
We live in an age where streaming services encourage us to simply skip over this kind of thing, and I guess I want to argue that they shouldn’t. The opening title sequence of a show potentially tells you a lot about whether it is worth watching. I, at least, struggle to think of a great show with a bad opening. So, here are my top five opening title sequences. I’ve ranked them and forced myself to only choose five, to maximize your ability to tell me I am wrong on

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.642176
Retrieved Text: This is the opening titles for Panic Room.
Font – Serious font, 3D,same colour as the building.
Size – Large in contrast with the building.
Style – Famous landscape, light reflects off, can’t read all names creates aura of mystery.
Movement – Text is static, camera pans.
Position – Like fixed to buildings, straight edged.
This is the opening title sequence for Six Feet Under.
Size – Small compared to screen contrast, title of person is smaller.
Style – Flows with the sequence e.g. moving down with syringe, colour changes on different colour background.
Movement – Follows camera, moves down with the syringe.
Position – On different objects and moving with objects e.g. on gravestone.
This is the opening for Resident Evil: Afterlife.
Font – Steel like, curvy, R is styled to look like game title.
Size – Medium size, smaller for title e.g. ‘director’.
Style – Shaped like video game text, horror like text.
Movement – Still as camera pans over city.
Position – Text is sometimes overlaid by shot e.g. disappears behind umbrella.
This is the opening from Se7en, it is very effective and is most like what we want to do.
Font – Scratchy, white to stand out.
Size – Small, word size compared to background.
Style – As though it was written, floats over images.
Movement – Moves as though vibrating.
Position – All over the screen.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.600744
Retrieved Text: LEGO has just announced that they have launched five construction sets based off of the highly anticipated Avengers: Endgame movie. The construction sets see our favorite heroes in various scenes inspired by the movie. Let’s check out the new LEGO construction sets!
We should warn you, these sets and descriptions contain potential spoilers for Avengers: Endgame.
This buildable superhero playset includes 4 Marvel Universe minifigures: Iron Man, Captain Marvel, Nebula and a 4-armed Outrider, plus poseable Hulk and Thanos big figures and an Ant-Man microfigure. The set features the Avengers compound with a 2-level office building, helipad, garage, plus a helicopter and offroader for creative play. Weapons include Nebula’s sword and Thanos’s buildable, double-sided battle axe. The Iron Man minifigure and Thanos and Hulk big figures are all new for March 2019, and the Nebula minifigure and Ant-Man microfigure each feature new-for-March-2019 Avengers team suit decoration.
Captain America’s bike features a minifigure cockpit, 2 Captain America shield shooters, front wheel with detachable non-shooting blasters, attachment points for minifigures, fold-down bike stand, headlight element and an exhaust flame element. This superhero playset includes Captain America’s new-for-March-2019 helmet element and Avengers team suit decoration.
Includes 5 Marvel Universe minifigures: Iron Man MK 1, Iron Man MK 5, Iron Man MK 41, Iron Man MK 50 and an Outrider. Iron Man lab includes: a rotating podium with 2 posable robotic arms; desk with translucent-blue screen, minifigure chair and cup elements; kitchen module with a buildable smoothie maker and cup element; weapon storage module with a stud shooter, power-up jetpack and energy beam element

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.415203
Retrieved Text: Noticed how good TV opening sequences have become recently?
Before cable television and streaming services came along, TV title sequences largely served a straightforward purpose: to set up the tone and backstory of a series, and or reveal the show’s stars. But as the quality of television series has grown, so too has the artistic intent and calibre of its opening title credits, many of which not only complement the themes and tone of the series they represent, but often stand alone as pieces of visual art.
“Here’s the story, of a man named Brady...” The opening title sequence of The Brady Bunch is perhaps one of television’s most iconic. Just as enduring too, was the approach of offering audiences heavy-handed exposition through song. After all, even in the 90s comedies like The Nanny and The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air used the same technique. Exposition was big in title sequences, either through song, or cartoon caricature (I Dream of Genie) or straight-up narration like that in Star Trek or The A-Team. The 80s and 90s too had a predilection for jamming us much action and imagery into their title sequences, along with the obligatory hero shots of the show’s stars, like those of Baywatch, or Dr Quinn Medicine Woman.
In some sense, titles haven’t changed that much. Exposition is still important, after all credits are our entry point, and like film trailers can turn an audience on (or off), we can usually tell from a show’s title sequences whether we’re sold on the ride we’re about to embark on.
What

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.366024
Retrieved Text: I mean, c’mon, what purpose do they serve? I realize this might be a shocking idea or make you nervous, but ask yourself—are title slides really necessary?
Every slide presentation I’ve ever sat through has always started with a title slide up on the screen. And what’s the problem with that? The problem is that it forces speakers to stand off to the side so they don’t block the screen, which conveys, right off the bat, that the slides are going to be the most important element of this presentation. The screen becomes the all-powerful god for the audience to worship while we stand out of the way. The opening of the presentation is the prime opportunity for speakers to connect with the audience and establish credibility. This is the time we should be setting ourselves up as the primary message-giver.
The power position in any room is always the center point upfront. And rooms are staged so that screens are in the center with projectors aimed right at them. Audience chairs are set so they can’t help but look at that center front spot, too. So whatever is front and center will be what the audience will focus on. And at the start of your presentation, shouldn’t that be you?
Instead of using a title slide, BE the title slide! Have a black screen behind you and use the opening of your presentation to set up your topic, objectives, key points, and the audience relevance. Don’t hide behind a lectern or table. Come out from behind the furniture,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.326567
Retrieved Text: To say the first trailer for Mega Man Universe was a little confusing and vague would be an understatement. Luckily after more than a month of silence, Capcom has finally released the first gameplay footage of the title which, now looking back, makes a lot more sense. Keiji Inafune, the creator of Mega Man explains in the video below that players will get the chance to experience a Mega Man game using various incarnations and art styles for the character, as well as some Street Fighter characters as well.
Below, you will see Mega Man, Bad Box Art Mega Man and Rockman all in action through this 3D modeled 2D sidescroller. There is also a brief glimpse of Ryu in the character loading screen to check out as well. From the looks of things, Mega Man will be sticking to its sidescrolling routes in Mega Man Universe. With that, expect incredibly challenging levels to fight through and an ever changing powerset depending on the villains Mega Man will be squaring off against.
Keiji also mentions that more characters will be added in the future to the title so it is possible that skins resembling Mega Man Battle Network, Mega Man X and other versions from his 20 year history may find their way into the title as well.
Take a peek at the trailer after the jump and make sure to let us know what you think.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.254602
Retrieved Text: Home screen wallpapers is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. Home screen wallpapers is posted on the category Wallpaper For Your Home in the benishop.co website. This post of "home screen wallpapers" was published on 17-04-2018 by paul and has been viewed 546,388 times.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Home screen wallpapers can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
Cool home screen wallpapers is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 29-06-2018 by jonshon. Image source: bank-review.info. Click on the title to see more..
Cool home screen wallpapers is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 15-05-2018 by paul. Image source: bank-review.info. Click on the title to see more..
Trendy cool home screen wallpapers is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 15-06-2018 by jonshon. Image source: wallpaperpa.com. Click on the title to see more..
Cool home screen wallpapers 68 images is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 23-01-2018 by dave. Image source: getwallpapers.com. Click on the title to see more..
Cool home screen wallpapers 68 images is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 07-05-2018 by admin. Image source: getwallpapers.com. Click on the title to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.192188
Retrieved Text: Songs are really tricky little things to get quite right, we've all got that blighter that has just got the wrong title for some reason or another and we've added the track to out phone, wrong title and all. If you really want to correct the name it's surprisingly easy by using your phone to correct the title.
Firstly we need to go into the "My files" application, to find this you will need to search through the Application drawer. As you can see in the image to the right it looks like a folder with some files in though it should be easy enough for you to find.
After opening the "My files" you will need to locate your music folder. In my case the location is in a sub folder and to find it I need to click on "Samsung" and then "Music" (though many people will have had a more logical route to there music). After you've done this you will see a list of all the tracks in the folder (see screen shot to the left).
From here you have two options, one is by pressing the menu button and then click "Settings", "Rename" and then find the track you want to rename. Alternatively find the track you want tore name and give it a long press so a list of options comes up (like the screen shot on the right). Here you should click "Rename" and change the song title to the correct one.
As well as renaming songs you can also rename videos and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.012175
Retrieved Text: screen. Release the buttons at the title screen.
Hold X + Square + L1 + R1 at the opening sequence, before the legal screen.
Release the buttons at the title screen.
Hold Right, then press Square(2), Triangle(2), Circle(3), X during game play.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.944042
Retrieved Text: Old web head now does whatever a spider can on two screens at once.
Nice graphical effects; large levels to explore.
Control felt sluggish; Boss mini-games break up the action.
Activision stopped into our office the other day to give us a little more hands-on time with its DS launch title, Spider-Man 2. One might expect a movie licensed launch title to be of questionable quality, but if the first couple stages are any indication, this could actually end up being one of the better games initially available for the DS.
The bulk of the game is played on the DS's top screen, where you lead Spidey though an old fashioned 2D action game. Well, maybe not as old fashioned as you might expect. Much like Namco's Klonoa series, Spider-Man 2 utilizes a "2.5-D" perspective (man, do I hate that term). Basically, the game is full 3D, but instead of letting you wander freely, the game plays like a side-scroller. The slickness of this effect is shown off early in the game as you guide Spider-Man along the street. After walking a block or two, the entire background rotates, giving the illusion that Spidey has just turned a corner despite the action never leaving the 2D plane.
Spidey has a library of moves available at the touch of a button, err, screen.
The stages that I got a change to play were large and somewhat maze-like. During the first level, after a brief "walk to the right and punch guys" segment, you end up inside a burning building full of trapped people

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.90637
Retrieved Text: You may also refer to the rapper Megaman in So Solid sheet Crew. This 16- bit arrange of Lumine' s second theme, by Dracula 9 Anti Chapel. megaman 25 KB: theme opening title 3:. Someone de- mixed it to theme 16 bit. 2 " Our House" September 2 ( ) : To prepare for their next concert, Generation O stays in an old house which proves to be megaman problematic when.
All of my original arrangements are free. Megaman 2 Introduction ( Not. I couldn’ t find this music sheet anywhere else! 98 KB: opening stage theme 3:. Airman Theme ( From Megaman 2) other. Megaman is not an artist that sheet makes megaman the music heard in the Megaman games. Play Intro Tabs using simple video lessons. Sheet Music and Tabs for Megaman. from Youjo Senki movie theme by theme Rafik el Jar • 1 Week ago in Anime: Hello Mr. Megaman X5 Opening Theme. I like to play Videogame music on piano violin but lately I' ve found myself branching out to film/ anime/ pop opening music too! opening title 2: 16. MegaMan 2 – Dr. Home » M » Megaman sheet 3 » Megaman 3 - Intro Tabs. Megaman X - Boomer. Video Game Sheet Music ( Updated May opening 28th, ).
My Yesterday Arrangement. sheet It still sounds awesome. merchandise , music is copyrighted to Square Enix Disney. Super Mario Bros. opening could you make an. Learn this song on megaman Jellynote with our interactive sheet music and tabs. Super Mario World. Nº Title

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.904228
Retrieved Text: Duke of Kent opens a new section of the Grand Union Canal.
Full title reads: "NEW STIMULUS TO TRADE - Duke of Kent opens widened waterways on Midland section of Grand Union Canal."
A barge sailing through canal towards camera.
Several air shots of the Grand Union Canal.
A barge sailing down the canal towards the camera, it stops at some sort of a gate. Prince George, Duke of Kent and several other people are seen inside the barge.
Elderly man speaks into microphone, probably introducing Prince George. Prince George talking into microphone - opening the new section of the Canal.
A white ribbon is seen across the screen - it is positioned in front of the microphone. Duke takes scissors and cuts the ribbon.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.789589
Retrieved Text: Pac-Man may have been around a long time, but he's not afraid of newfangled technology, as you can tell in this Nintendo DS title!
Anyone worth his or her salt knows that Pac-Man's the real grand daddy of the platform genre. Namco's yellow ghost gobbling machine has been tearing up arcades and consoles for years, so it's only fitting that one of gaming's greatest mascots makes the transition to the latest systems, in particular Nintendo's DS. The game is Pac-Pix, an innovative title that presents you with a new take on a familiar concept, and it's set to hit Japan very soon.
Unlike Nintendo's Luigi, Pac-Man has always been the original ghost buster, and he's not deviating from his specter-munching ways in Pac-Pix. You're still going to help him eat ghosts, but it's how you're going to do this that's got us excited. An evil magician has created this mysterious ink that turns everyday drawings into supernatural monsters, and Pac-Man's called in solve the problem... by eating...everything!
Instead of maneuvering him around mazes, all you need to do is use the stylus to draw Pac-Man (as big or as little as you want), and then guide him to his afternoon snack by drawing lines on the DS's touch screen, so the game keeps the Pac-Man fundamentals intact while providing you with a brand new way to play the game. In fact, if you really want to test your game skills you can sketch another Pac-Man! Supposedly, you start out the game with a limited amount of ink and can

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.739847
Retrieved Text: (CBS News) 2012 was a big year for movies and 2013 promises to be just as great, with films starring classic literary characters, superheroes, and even flying monkeys.
David Edelstein, film critic for New York magazine and "Sunday Morning," gives his take on the movies coming soon to your local multiplex.
The first potential blockbuster is Bruce Willis' fifth "Die Hard" film, called "A Good Day to Die Hard." This time, Bruce Willis' character, John McClane, fights with automatic weapons alongside his son to prevent a nuclear weapons heist.
"It's real 'family values' time at the old multiplex," Edelstein said. "You know, they probably get to mow down a hundred people."
"A Good Day to Die Hard" comes out February 14th.
The next expected blockbuster is a prequel to the 1939 classic, "The Wizard of Oz," called "Oz: The Great and Powerful." James Franco stars in the title role -- a stage magician who gets hurled into a fantasy world with witches and enchantresses.
"James Franco -- What a harem he has," Edelstein joked. "Mila Kunis, Jennifer Lawrence, Rachel Weisz. What wizard wouldn't want to be surrounded by actresses like that?"
Sam Raimi (the "Spider-Man" trilogy) directs this Disney release slated for a March 8th opening.
The classic American novel by author F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Great Gatsby," is making its way to the silver screen again. This time, Leonardo DiCaprio is in the title role with "Moulin Rouge" director Baz Luhrmann at the helm - in 3-D!
"I think the director will do everything he can to take this great masterpiece from the 1920s

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.71721
Retrieved Text: As I wrote on ELL’s blog this morning, we hosted noted e-lit authors and theorists Michael Joyce and Carolyn Guyer yesterday in the lab. Joyce read from his 1987 hypertext novel afternoon: a story, and both he and Guyer talked about their involvement in the early development of the field. Additionally, Joyce and Guyer walked the audience through items from both Marjorie Luesebrink’s and my archives and provided background and context on the works and events they represent. We documented over two hours of conversation and plan to include it in the upcoming Pathfinders, Volume 2.
There are four different versions of the folio that contains the diskette, and one version of the cover for the CD jewel case. I am missing the first version in my collection. Once he described it to me, I recalled seeing it at some point of my career. If you Google the title, the image of this version does not appear––in fact, only two of the four do: numbers 2 and 4.
The symbol on version 2’s folio front (and perhaps on version 1––I don’t know since I do not have access to it) represents the yoni, the Hindu symbol of the womb. afternoon: a story, according to Joyce, is, among many things, an exploration of women and man’s relationship to them.
The 3rd version of the folio contains an anomaly: the work’s title is capitalized. Joyce does not know why it was. He stated that his intention was for the title to be represented uncapitalized. While it is a cardboard folio fashioned

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.71183
Retrieved Text: Not quite Wrightsville, yet, and not quite a radio drama, but getting there. The Adventure of the Invisible Lover, once again originally appearing in Mystery (September, 1934), has the basic Ellery Queen short story formula down: Ellery arrives, meets a beautiful woman, solves a household murder, with a kiss, actual or implied, from said beautiful woman. However, with hindsight, we can see the cousins pushing the walls of their structures.
Once again, Ellery gets out of the city. Usually he goes as far as Long Island (the notable exception, of course, was the cross-country chase in The Egyptian Cross Mystery). His previous stories, The Two-Headed Dog and The Bearded Lady, saw him on Martha’s Vineyard and Long Island. This time, he is in a small town in upstate New York. In The Tragedy of Z, Drury Lane had ended up in Leeds; this time, Ellery lands in the town of Corsica. For a man-about-town, he sure does seem to get out of town a lot!
This is also the most dialogue-driven tale to date. More than the previous stories, I could see this staged, with three scenes: the boarding house drawing room, the crime scene, and the cemetery, character actors easily filling the roles of the wheelchair bound grand dame, the veteran who takes every opportunity to remind everyone that he was injured in The War, the small town coroner, the small town attorney, the boarding house proprietor and his beautiful daughter. Not surprisingly, then, the cousins were entering the phase of their careers where their characters would

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.59334
Retrieved Text: Before we see anything else, WWF President Jack Tunney appears on the screen and tells us that the WWF Intercontinental Champion Shawn Michaels has been suspended for not defending his title within thirty days. Therefore, the WWF had no choice but to vacate the Intercontinental championship. Next week, a 20-man battle royal will be held and the final two competitors will meet to determine a NEW WWF Intercontinental champion. Thirty days since his SummerSlam IC title defense would be September 29, but wrestling companies never could tell time. Shawn had actually quit the WWF around the same time as other unrelated suspensions such as the Steiner brothers and Doink the Clown. A bombshell has just been dropped, ladies and gents!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.451605
Retrieved Text: During the credits at the beginning of Life of Pi, they shopping spree birthday gift give a special emphasis in Gérard Depardieu having a role in it, but his total screen time, as the ship&apos;s cook, is no more than four minutes.
80 Clarke edited each scene focusing on humor, choosing between alternate takes of jokes.
A b c Pollowy, Kevin (November 4, 2015).Dre, and Timbaland, whose collaborations are better-known than their own songs.Archived from the original on June 8, 2017." 46 Next Avengers: Heroes of Tomorrow edit Felix Vasquez.22 These assets were used by Blur for the opening titles, which moves through a frozen moment where Deadpool is fighting thugs inside a crashing car.
This animated feature was released on May 17, 2011, 11 days after the Thor film.
LaSalle was used for his facial performance.
Many reasons were given for why Deadpool went on to be more successful than these, including the popularity of the Marvel brand and Reynolds&apos;s performance.
As a result, Eevee has essentially become the second mascot of the franchise.Marvel for her powers, leadership skills and familiarity with space, Spider-Man for his intellect and scientific know-how, the Incredible Hulk for his raw strength, and Wolverine "because he&apos;s on every super hero team." Spider-Man : Sounds exhausting.Paramount In other news, yesterday we heard that Paramounts older-female-skewing Book Club could overindex its 9M-10M tracking with a three-day thats in the high teens, possibly 20M.Carnage #1 #4, Superior Carnage Annual #1 Deadpool.After can you use any gift card on amazon he was forced to vacate the World Title due to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.437958
Retrieved Text: The html language uses what we call "tags". Tags serve different purposes. Each one will be explained as we come to it. All tags are placed between the < and > characters.
well, almost every page. Here is the basic code required to make an html page followed by what each tag does.
You will notice the tags are in pairs, one without, and one with the /. The / is called a closing tag to tell the browser that we are finished with the function of that tag. Nearly all tags used require closing tags. There is a new coding language on the market that we call xml and xhtml which has much stricter requirements including closing tags for EVERY opening tag, but until you finish these lessons, don't even think about it.
html This is the first thing your browser sees and it tells your browser that it is getting an html page. That's how your browser knows how to handle everything that follows.
title This is the title of your web page. This is what shows at the top of the screen, and what is usually shown when the page is bookmarked. When your pages are added to a search engine, this is frequently what people will see when the search engine gives the link to your site. It should say what the page is about, but be fairly brief.
body This is what everybody sees in their browser. Everything between the opening and closing "body" tags is used to display your page. This is where we will

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.316147
Retrieved Text: The latest Jamaican movie to hit the big screen, “Out The Gate” has opened at number 13 in the US.
An Arts_and_Entertainment_News report indicates that “From a list of 112 movies currently playing in United States theaters the weekend of May 13th, box office gross reports show the indie film starring Paul Campbell and Oliver Samuels at the position of #13 in the nation, in a ranking of average gross per screen”.
“Out the Gate” is the first multi-theater opening for a Jamaican film in decades.
The movie, an urban action/drama, stars Paul Campbell (Shottas, First Sunday, Dancehall Queen) and features Oliver Samuels, Shelli Boone, and Reggae Dancehall artists Everton (E-Dee) Dennis, Mr. Lexx, Edley Shine, Lady G., Ms. Triniti, Father Times, Bless Man, and more.
The movie soundtrack features music from Beenie Man, Jadakiss, Busy Signal, Styles P, Mr Lexx, Turbulence, E-Dee, Ms Triniti, Darock, Karl Morrison, and others.
The movie is scheduled to open in Jamaica this summer.
See outthegatemovie for more info.
viewers that they will assist, sso here it takes place.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.307425
Retrieved Text: Last month was a HUGE month for movies, as the highly-anticipated Wonder Woman film debuted in theaters with director Patty Jenkins. The film broke numerous records, one being the biggest domestic opening of all-time for a female director.
This July, we will see another fan favorite superhero on the big screen – Spider-Man. Marvel’s Spider-Man: Homecoming will sure to be a box office hit, with its impressive ensemble of Tom Holland, Michael Keaton, Jon Favreau, Zendaya, Donald Glover, and more.
Of course, if you’re not into action movies, you can catch the horror flick Wish Upon, or a comedy such as Girls Trip, and if you’re bringing a younger sibling along, The Emoji Movie will be a perfect film to see together.
Instead of searching all over the internet for the release dates and trailers of the movies, we brought it all to you here on Fuzzable!
To help you choose which movie to see, here are the trailers to 11 films coming to theaters this July!
Which movie are you thinking of seeing? Tweet us at @Fuzzable!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.271713
Retrieved Text: The Olympics start tonight! Woo hoo! Am I going to watch them? Oh, yeah, every minute. Will my TiVo explode? More than likely.
To celebrate this once-every-four-year world competition, the Great Retro Quiz! is returning for a limited engagement. Over the next two weeks, the Great Retro Olympics! (see what I did there?) will be testing your knowledge of retro videogames with themes based on actual events in the Summer Games.
As you can see, this first event -- the “opening ceremony” -- is all about opening cutscenes and game intros. Do you have what it takes to earn a precious gold medal and be adored by beautiful women the world over?
Just leave your answers in the comments and check my community blog tomorrow (8/9) for the dramatic results.
Click here to set the mood, hit the jump, and ... good luck! Let the retro games begin!
1. At the beginning of Castlevania for the NES, which direction does Simon Belmont walk on the screen towards the castle’s front gate?
2. Name the game opening!
3. What event do balloons and fireworks erupt from during the peaceful opening aerial shot in Chrono Trigger?
4. Roland Emmerich must love the Super Nintendo! What classic videogame opening most likely inspired the below iconic scene from 1996’s Independence Day?
5. RapeTrap™! How many gang members assault Marian during Double Dragon’s classic (and classically violent) opening?
6. Quick! Identify Ryu’s father!
7. What wakes Ness up at the start of Earthbound?
8. Which of the below spy tools does Otto use at the very beginning of Elevator Action?
9. Cecil and his

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.24518
Retrieved Text: For the next part of my research Andy and I have both decided to analyse the micro-aspects in two of our three analysed title sequences, I have decided to analyse Napoleon Dynamite in further depth and look as the use of micro-aspects throughout.Before looking at the micro-aspects it is important to take into account that this film is aimed at teenagers and is of course of a comedy genre; these aspects play a significant role in the overall execution of this title sequence of which I am to delve further into.
The use of mise-en-scene is particularly prevalent in this particular sequence, the use of this is quite quirky, for example burger and chips is a particular use of mise-en-scene used to display a title. I think this particular presentation of mise-en-scene is due to the audience being aimed at a younger audience, it plays on the idea that these people are still of a younger generation and that they are perhaps a little bit more light hearted and more likely to have a better interaction with objects of a not so serious nature, it also reinforces the idea that the film is a comedy and forewarns the audiences to possible laughs ahead. The positively unusual presentation of mise-en-scene means it is more likely to stay in the audiences head than many other opening title sequences that consist of the same thing.I for one often think back to this title sequence due to the overall individuality of it, particularly helped by the unusual choice of mise-en-scene.
Turning my

================



======= Instance Index 2030 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The credits of the clip are shown. a coach... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: alone dustwashes a sink.

Ending 2: stands with tools strapped to his leg.

Ending 3: instructs players in a basketball court.

Ending 4: talks as a group talks.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.582582
Retrieved Text: Hong Kong Olympian Stone (Wai Hung) Shek (shown here with his longtime coach Sergiy Agafontsev) told IG that, in order to successfully defend his vault title at next month’s Asian Games in Jakarta, Indonesia, he will rely on his customary consistency and mental strength.
Shek’s vault victory in Incheon ironically launched him into a challenging phase of his career, starting with a right shoulder injury that he suffered at the 2015 World Championships in Glasgow, Scotland. The injury sabotaged Shek, who competed at the 2012 Olympics in London, as he tried to qualify for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Shek, who underwent surgery on May 9, 2016, credits his support team for his successful rehabilitation.
Shek plans to compete on vault, parallel bars and high bar in Jakarta as well as at this fall’s Worlds in Doha, Qatar. His intended vaults are a Dragulescu (double front-half) and a Lopez (double-twisting Kasamatsu).
While Shek may best be known as a standout vaulter, he wants to make his high bar routine more competitive, as well. He recently posted a clip on social media of him training a Cassina (full-twisting back layout to regrasp), which is his first G-skill on any apparatus.
Shek said he is hopeful that he can continue the success he achieved while under Agafontsev’s direct tutelage in the past.
Read “Ready to Rock,” a profile on Shek earlier in his career, in the July/August 2012 issue of International Gymnast magazine. To purchase back issues, or subscribe to the print and/or digital editions of IG magazine, click here.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.91458
Retrieved Text: Here are some clips from a two-hour video in BSL with graphics about Tax Credits. It was made in 2010, so some information has changed. If you have questions about employment and Tax Credits, please contact us. The whole video is available in a DVD copy.
A clip of the guidance for filling in the Tax Credits Application forms.
A clip about 'Income' on the Application form – benefits or salary.
Glossary definition for ‘Working Tax Credit’.
A section of the Application Form about ‘Work Details’.
An example of the Glossary section of the DVD.
A section of the video about the Income section of the Tax Credits Application Form.
Another example of the Glossary, explaining ‘Joint Claim’.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.81052
Retrieved Text: on the main menu of all 3 of the dvds in the series, press ether left or right anywhere in the menu. when you do this, an gnome shaped cookie will be highlighted at the bottom of the screen. press ok or enter, and a short clip will be shown. on the first dvd, it is a paraody of the Anime show Initial D, replacing the car from the show with Coach McGuirks car in a 3d model.(realy cool and funny for those who like initial d!) the other dvds are short clips from the process of making the commentary which are quite funny.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.193775
Retrieved Text: Whether you are interested in adapting your leadership style to a coaching approach, or are looking at identifying techniques to support effective team collaboration and excellence—Leader as Coach: Conversations for Personal & System Growth is designed to help current and emerging Medical Leaders enhance their coaching competencies.
Coaching is a process to support self-discovery, change and action. Coaching is a forward looking conversation driven by the agenda of the person being coached. Simply put, coaching supports others to get things done. When you are coaching someone, you are working from the assumption that they are creative, resourceful and competent. They are not a problem to be fixed, rather a person with the natural ability, with support, to resolve challenges they face.
Healthcare leaders need many tools in their toolkit to help navigate within a complex system. Coach, mentor, teacher and consultant are some of the many hats today’s leaders must wear. Physician coaching strategies have been shown to improve patient experience, emotional intelligence competence, and are being advocated to improve complex inpatient and surgical outcomes.
This event qualifies for 6.25 MOC Section 1 and 6.25 Mainpro+ Group Learning credits.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.746992
Retrieved Text: A User Is Adding Weird Updates To "Get Up"
You guys have been great with addressing the problems I have on this front, so I hope you can assist with this.
One of the sports shows I update is Get Up https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7877780/.
I have been monitoring the show's site and Twitter feed to ensure all hosts and guests are captured accurately.
The last few weeks another user has been going in and adding lots of incorrect credits. They are changing character names and adding a lot of people who did not appear.
Since this is a sports show they are going to show clips of the previous day's games, matches or big interviews. This person is adding every single one of those brief clips as an acting credit, which is not correct, and will lead to hundreds of incorrect listings for the show and that individual.
In order for our staff to take a look can you post links to some of the episode titles that you recently observed the changes on?
All of the people with (archive footage) listed did not appear.
Thanks for posting the episode link, I can see that all the archive footage credits have since been removed. If you are still seeing credit errors on the site, please continue reporting them through our online Update form for our editors to review. In the meantime, I have reached out the contributor. Thanks again for your corrections!
I guess if (archive footage) credits are not allowed for sports talk shows, then all such credits I submitted for“Mike and Mike in the Morning”

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.57968
Retrieved Text: The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills jet-setter proves that tackiness is not limited to the back of the plane.
We all know about the indignities that come with flying commercial in coach these days — from ever-shrinking seats to passengers behaving very badly. But Kyle Richards has recently shown us that even in the most luxurious of flying conditions, things can... happen. Take for instance The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills mom's recent trip on a private jet to one of celebs' favorite resorts in America. Even that glam experience got rather messy.
And now, Kyle is back in commercial — and showing that even up in first class, people don't know how to act.
Gross! Kyle Richards Just Lived Her "Worst Restaurant Nightmare"
Seated in row three, on a recent flight, she captured a passenger in front of her reclining with bare feet up on the seat adjacent to open bottles of champagne the galley.
"Are you kidding me?" Kyle asked on a clip in her Instagram Stories. In the video showing the scene, she also took a poll among her followers. It asked, "Is this acceptable? Yes or No."
And speaking of the back of the plane: Can you guess which of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills ladies flies coach?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.286587
Retrieved Text: Beyoncé, Noel Gallagher, Brian Eno and the session singer Merry Clayton are among the big-name guest musicians on the new Coldplay album, “A Head Full of Dreams.” But none can match the résumé of the amateur vocalist known as Barack Obama.
“We have a tiny clip of the President singing ‘Amazing Grace’ at that church,” Coldplay’s lead singer, Chris Martin, said in The Sun. The church reference is to President Obama’s rendition of the hymn during his eulogy for the Rev. Clementa Pinckney, a pastor who was killed with eight others in Charleston, S.C., this summer.
According to the credits for the album, which will be released Dec. 4 by Atlantic Records, a sample of the performance, as recorded by CNN at the Emanuel A.M.E. Church, will be included on the song “Kaleidoscope.” While Mr. Obama is not listed by name, the band credits the “kind permission” of Rev. Dr. Norvel Goff Sr., for the clip.
“A Head Full of Dreams,” the band’s seventh studio album, was produced by Rik Simpson and the pop production duo Stargate. Also listed in the album credits are vocal contributions from Gwyneth Paltrow, Mr. Martin’s ex-wife, and the couple’s two children, Apple and Moses Martin, along with Blue Ivy Carter, the daughter of Jay Z and Beyoncé.
Mr. Obama’s performance almost didn’t happen. The White House adviser Valerie Jarrett recalled earlier this year that the president warned her and the first lady Michelle Obama while in transit to the speech that he might break into the hymn. “We’ll see how it feels at the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.272
Retrieved Text: In addition to transitions, you can also apply a limited selection of special effects to your videos. This time around, there are six effects, all of which are color tone changes like Black and white or Sepia tone. By contrast, previous versions of Movie Maker included a wide range of effects, such as blurring, brightness changes, various color fades, hue changes, and zooms. Video effects work much like transitions. They're available from the Effects group of the Visual Effects tab in the ribbon, and you can apply one effect per clip. Note, however, that transitions and video effects are configured separately, so you can have one transition and one effect per clip, which certainly spices things up just a little bit. In Figure 12, you can see a photo that has been given a Roll transition and a Sepia tone color cast, animating into the preview display. Look out, George Lucas.
Figure 12. As with transitions, you're given only a handful of effects to play with.
If the paltry selection of transitions and video effects hasn't gotten you down yet, wait until you see Windows Live Movie Maker's titling capabilities. Once again, whereas before we had a wide range of options, now we have a much more limited set of functionality that is entirely in keeping with the application's transition to Web-based videos. So instead of separate titles and credits, we can now add one single-line text box per clip.
For example, say you're editing a movie of your vacation to Hawaii. You might add a title at the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.969437
Retrieved Text: KELLY QUINN - Resume | 22Talent Co.
Fatal Attraction, Nashville, Death Valley Easter, The Dawning, Calibann.
Clip from Fatal Attraction (TV One).
Clip from Home Depot - Hunter Douglas commercial.
Clip from Duke Energy Smart $aver commercial.
Clip from Death Valley Easter.
ALL THINGS CONSIDERED, MORNING EDITION, NEWS AT NOON, etc.
M.F.A. Acting, University of Central Florida. B.F.A. Acting, Musical Theatre, Abilene Christian University. Some credits as Kelly Kilgore.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.965252
Retrieved Text: In this film a group of men, presumably Dominion Press journalists, views the Great Bath at the Roman Baths. In the second part of the clip the group visits recuperating Canadian and Australian soldiers, probably at Bath War Hospital.
In this film a group of men, presumably Dominion Press journalists, views the Great Bath. In the second part of the clip the group visits recuperating Canadian and Australian soldiers, probably at Bath War Hospital. Please note this is a lower quality duplicate of clip 1 above.
In this clip the Duke of Connaught, Queen Victoria’s third son and Governor General of Canada, walks out of the booking hall at Bath Spa Station with the Mayor and other senior military officials. Later he inspects the troops and salutes during a march past (possibly in or near Bath). During the Duke’s later visits to the city he stayed in a hotel in Great Pulteney Street. The building is now a block of apartments known as Connaught’s Buildings. (Clip 17 has similar footage).
This clip shows footage from the three-day Red Cross Fair held in Bath in 1917. Visitors to the Fair are shown enjoying the event in Sydney Gardens. The Countess of Waldegrave opened the event and is shown amongst the dignitaries. Speeches are given and children dance round a Maypole. (Clip 5 and clip 12 are from the same event).
This clip duplicates a clip from the film listed above of a three-day Red Cross Fair held in Sydney Gardens, Bath in 1917. Guest of honour, the Countess of Waldegrave, is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.859632
Retrieved Text: 1990-12-13 Assigned to POPULATION COUNCIL, INC., THE, 1 DAG HAMMARSKJOLD PLAZA, NEW YORK, NY 10017 A NOT-FOR-PROFIT CORP. OF NY reassignment POPULATION COUNCIL, INC., THE, 1 DAG HAMMARSKJOLD PLAZA, NEW YORK, NY 10017 A NOT-FOR-PROFIT CORP. OF NY ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST. Assignors: SANDHAUS, JEFFREY J.
Apparatus for implanting closable locking clips to effect the percutaneous occlusion of target vessels or tissue is disclosed, including a pair of pivotable jaws defining a clip retaining cavity, a clip moving slide for sliding a locking clip from a retracted position remote from the clip retaining cavity to an actuated position with the clip retaining cavity, and a camming surface operatively disposed within the clip retaining cavity so that upon slidable movement of the locking clip from the retracted position to the actuated position the camming surface causes at least partial closure of the locking clip therein.
The present application is a continuation-in-part of application Ser. No. 07/326,299, now U.S. Pat. No. 4,967,949 filed on Mar. 21, 1989, which, in turn, is a continuation-in-part of application Ser. No. 06/884,417 filed on July 11, 1986, now abandoned.
The present invention relates to apparatus for the operative occlusion of target vessels in a patient. More particularly, the present invention relates to apparatus for occluding the vas deferens during a vasectomy. Still more particularly, the present invention relates to apparatus for implanting disposable clips to effect the occlusion of targeted tissue or target vessels such as the vas deferens.
The procedures which are currently employed for the occlusion of target vessels during surgical procedures such as

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.765762
Retrieved Text: Their family is too cute.
With a top-rated television show and record-breaking single, Adam Levine welcomed a lot of success in 2018. Beyond his commercial accomplishments, the Voice coach has something else to be thankful for: His growing family.
Adam and his wife, supermodel Behati Prinsloo, welcomed their second child earlier this year. Despite the couple's widespread fame, 2-year-old Dusty Rose and 9-month-old Gio Grace have been kept out of the spotlight so far. Last week, however, Behati gave us a sneak peek into the family's private life with an adorable Instagram post.
In the rare photo of Adam's children, he and his wife are standing behind a swing set as they play with the two girls. While their daughters' faces are blurry in the picture, Behati and Adam are clearly laughing during the sweet moment.
The snap was accompanied by a simple, single-word caption in all caps: "THANKFUL." This isn't the first time the couple has posted glimpses of their kids on social media, but it followed their usual habit of hiding the girls' faces.
Adam has gushed about his wife and daughters in the past, and credits his success to the three girls. After he received his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, he said his family mattered most to him: "I am one of the luckiest people who has ever lived and it has nothing to do with me," E! News quoted the singer. "It has to do with the people who love me the most."
If you thought the Instagram picture was cute, this clip will definitely

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.711391
Retrieved Text: The impression “ community ” is interpreted as the extent at which pupil instructors would travel in lending their services to the community. Service acquisition is an integrating of academic survey with community. It means pupils can use what they have learned during service larning to their academic life.
Group Endeavours in Service Learning ( GESL ) was made compulsory to all freshers in an attempt to advance service larning in National Institute of Education ( NIE ) . Student instructors are indiscriminately grouped together to organize a squad and are led by an assigned coach. They so meet up on a regular basis to be after an event for a non-profit organisation of their pick. Point to observe that Service learning/GESL defers from community service. Community service involves voluntary work for the community. GESL on the other manus, is a mandatory group attempt to supply service through acquisition, reflecting and learning the community. Therefore, GESL can be really good for pupil instructors as they are able to lend back to the community.
Unfortunately, I find that clip is a factor when be aftering an event. It farther adds on to the work load a pupil instructor already has. Therefore, does making a good cause seems like a load to student instructors now? If NIE makes GESL non-compulsory, would student instructors still take up this service larning on their ain or as a group? Student instructors have to take a stance for themselves as to whether GESL is good or merely a waste of clip. As supported by

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.59304
Retrieved Text: In late August, Adult Swim released an anime-styled teaser for the highly-anticipated fourth season of its beloved series, Rick and Morty. Taking inspiration from the short clip, the creatives over at Malec have just debuted a one-and-a-half-minute clip which features the show’s pivotal characters styled up like the famed Japanese animation style.
Portrayed as the opening credits to the series, both Rick and Morty can been seen travelling throughout the multiverses while they battle monsters and aliens. Other family members are also included such as Beth and Summer. Watch the clip above and let us know what you think in the comment section below.
In related news, Rick and Morty scoops first Emmy Award win.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.584167
Retrieved Text: Doctor Strange was definitely one of the Marvel Cinematic Universe's more self-contained movies. Besides a reference to the Avengers and the revelation that the Eye of Agamotto contained the Time Stone, the movie functioned completely on its own. Still, the Marvel minds couldn't help themselves, and Doctor Strange's first end-credits showed the Master of the Mystic Arts meeting with Thor at the New York Sanctum Sanctorum. With the Doctor Strange Digital HD release just a day away, a new clip has been posted online showing how this important sequence was created.
Thor himself, Chris Hemsworth posted the above clip on his Twitter page earlier today, which is a snippet of one of the bonus features included on the Doctor Strange home media release. In it, executive producer Stephen Broussard talks about how the Marvel tag scenes aren't always scripted out or even planned out when production kicks off. For Doctor Strange, its mid-credits scene was thought up as the Thor: Ragnarok script came in, leading to this "hilarious" idea of how they could show Stephen Strange officially coming into the wider MCU. While Broussard couldn't answer whether Thor and Strange had met before that moment, he did say how great it was to see that Hemsworth and Benedict Cumberbatch had good comedic timing, showing that they can do more than just act dramatically.
One other thing to note from this video is that there are a couple shots showing Thor and Doctor Strange standing up, and in one of them, Chris Hemsworth cracks up after getting hit in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.515356
Retrieved Text: Photograph Exhausted Cartoon Senior Coach Stock Vector Art &amp; More of superior specifically for you from tired face clip art , source: istockphoto.com.
Illustration A cartoon illustration of a businesswoman running and looking superior for you from tired face clip art , source: alamy.com.
Figure Royalty Free Clip Art Funny Tired People Clip Art Vector the latest just for you from tired face clip art , source: istockphoto.com.
Figure A cartoon illustration of a man basketball player running and the best just for you from tired face clip art , source: alamy.com.
Portrait Exhausted Cartoon Agent&quot; Stock image and royalty free vector files most popular just for you from tired face clip art , tired face, source: fotolia.com.
Photograph Cartoon Illustration Senior Citizen Woman Baseball Stock Vector superior specifically for you from tired face clip art , source: shutterstock.com.
Photograph Exhausted Cartoon Agent&quot; Stock image and royalty free vector files most popular just for you from tired face clip art , source: fotolia.com.
Portrait Tired Tennis Player Stock Vectors &amp; Vector Art selected for you from tired face clip art , tired face, source: shutterstock.com.
Drawing A cartoon illustration of a man racquetball player running and noblest for you from tired face clip art , source: alamy.com.
Figure Exhausted Cartoon Man Coach&quot; Stock image and royalty free vector the most beautiful specifically for you from tired face clip art , tired face, source: fotolia.com.
Picture Tired Face gg Pinterest the most beautiful for you from tired face clip art , tired face, source: pinterest.com.
Drawing A Cartoon Illustration A Black Man Coach Running And Looking the latest

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.49144
Retrieved Text: The Voice season 14 is just around the corner, and in a new first look promo, the NEW Blind Audition twist, The Block is explained.
Coaches Adam Levine, Blake Shelton, Alicia Keys and Kelly Clarkson now have the ability to block another coach from nabbing a contestant during the Blind Auditions.
“The Block gives you the opportunity to block the coach that you don’t want to take whatever artist you want to get,” explains Alicia in the clip. “A block for Blake is a victory for me!” crows Adam after he dashes his nemesis’ chances of securing a singer.
But it’s not only Blake who is blocked, but the contestant as well. If a singer gets multiple turns THEY get to choose their coach. But not if a coach uses their block. For instance, consider this scenario. What if a talented country artist is all set to pick Blake if he turns. For any country artist, Blake is the smart choice, right? But then, in barrels Adam with his blocking ability, basically thwarting the will of the contestant. The Block is just one more way to take the focus off of the singers, and back onto the coaches.
It’s not explained in the clip, but I imagine this ability to block is not unlimited? Or at least one hope’s it isn’t. UPDATED: Each coach gets ONE block.
Here’s what the coaches’ button layout looks like now.
And for our first true glimpse of a The Voice season 14 contestant, the clip ends with this bluesy belter getting the coaches up on their

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.328028
Retrieved Text: [ ] Install resistors R2, R3, and R4 as shown above on the component side of the CricketSat Circuit Board. R2 is 2.2MOhm (red,red,green,gold); R3 is 330KOhm (orange,orange,yellow,gold); and R4 is 18KOhm (brown,gray,orange,gold). Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Install resistors R5 and R6 as shown above. R5 is 33.2KOhm (orange,orange,red,red,brown) and R6 is the other blue resistor in the kit. It's value depends upon the channel number of your transmitter. Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Insert resistors R7, and R8 as shown above. R7 is 33Ohm (orange,orange,black,gold) and R8 is 680Ohm (blue,gray,brown,gold). Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Insert diodes D2 and D3 as shown above. Polarization is critical. They must be installed with the white stripe at the same end of the component as shown on the circuit card. Clip excess leads after soldering.
[ ] Install the three 0.1 micro Farad capacitors C5, C6, and C7 as shown below. They are not polarized and can be installed in any desired orientation. Clip leads after soldering.
[ ] Insert and solder the IC timer socket and power switch as shown. Insure that the notch on the socket is oriented the same as on the circuit board diagram. Check to see that all 14 pins go through the circuit board before soldering. Carefully watch out for solder "bridging" between pins of both the IC socket / switch leads. Correct if any are found.
[ ] Insert the red LED in D1 as shown. The LED is polarized and must be inserted with the long lead wire in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.29447
Retrieved Text: For this weeks blog post I will be watching a 22 minute episode of the Simpsons as a case study to see what the RTBPM (references to birds per minute) of an average American television show is.
The episode I chose is season 27 episode 12, "Much Apu About Something"
- 00:05 - They show a clip of Mary Poppins flying through the sky in the opening credits when they could have shown a bird.
- 01:09 - They had a small montage of outdoors stuff and there weren't any birds in the sky in any of the scenes. Seems unrealistic.
- 07:22 - BIRD REFERENCE #2 - In the background of the quick&fresh supermarket there are "FREE RANGE CHICK PEAS", an classic twist on free range chicken.
- 09:53 - They point to a beehive in a tree but there are no birds nests in the tree. Seems unrealistic.
- 11:58 - BIRD REFERENCE #3 - There is what looks to be chicken parm on the table at an Italian restaurant Homer and Apu are at. I'm bothered that the first 3 references to birds are about them being food.
- 13:10 - BIRD REFERENCE #4 - Apu says "chicken vindaloo" to his nephew. Seriously? Another reference to birds as food? This isn't okay at all.
- 17:38 - BIRD REFERENCE #5 - A shot of eggs going bad in quick&fresh. Another food reference.
There were 5 bird references in 22 minutes. That makes the RTBPM exactly 0.22727.
It is extremely troubling that every reference was to them being portrayed as food. I am consider

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.277948
Retrieved Text: You can download & print My Little Coloring Book, a mini coloring book with 7 free coloring pages, complete with unicorns, sea creatures, butterflies & rainbows! Use markers, colored pencils, or crayons to bring the pictures to life!
I also have all of the clip art images in color for sale in Kindergarten Nation’s Teachers Pay Teacher’s store. There is a link to the clip art on the credits page of the coloring pages bundle. You can use the clip art on your website, blog, Teachers Pay Teachers products, and more!
This Free Halloween Coloring Pages Mini-Book is a spooky-fun activity that kids can color! Download & print 1 or 2-sided, then staple the pages together to make the mini-book.
Use as an activity for Halloween Parties or give them out as a non-candy option for trick-or-treaters!
These three coloring page bookmarks by Dawn Nicole are completely free. They are equally awesome for children or adults!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.206411
Retrieved Text: Credits is a single object shown as a watermark in the right bottom corner of any chart. It consists of four elements: text, tooltip (alt), URL and picture. If you want to customize any part of credits placed in your chart, you can purchase a license at AnyChart Website.
Tooltip is shown when a credits is hovered over. It can be adjusted with alt() method.
Credits acts as a link. By default it references to AnyChart Site. You can change it using url() method.
Logo picture can be adjusted as well. Use logoScr() method to set custom image.
Credits position can be adjusted only through CSS. There are three classes you can set properties to: anychart-credits to change credits position, anychart-credits-logo to change logo position and anychart-credits-text to change credits text position.
To disable credits just put this in your code, but remember: it will work only if you have a license key.
You can also use Online Builder located at AnyChart Download Page to create custom AnyChart binary files with the license key built-in.
To purchase a license proceed to Buy AnyChart page.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.077436
Retrieved Text: This clip is from Championship Productions . This series features Louisville Head Coach Anne Kordes. Coach Kordes was also the 2010 and 2011 USA Select National Team Coach as well as the former President of AVCA.
The video is a YouTube video, so you will need to be able to access that site.
Press the play arrow for the video to start.
There are more notes below this video.
There is sound with this video, so please make sure that your sound is on.
In this series Coach Kordes does a great job explaining the basics of the 4-2, 6-2 and 5-1 offenses. Explaining that all there are appropriate for every skill level. She explains all of the rotations in each system, expertly demonstrating how to line-up as well as various transitions into attack. She will also help you to match your offense to the skills and attributes of your setter or setters.
In the clip below Coach Kordes focuses on the 5-1 offense. Coach believes the 5-1 offense is the most popular offense. The 5-1 is typically utilized when a coach feels that they have one very good setter and they want that person to remain in that role and stay in the match at all times. Typically you are looking for a very skilled player. One whose setting skills are superior to all of the other potential setters on the team. In addition the setter in the 5-1 offense should have great communication skills, be aggressive and demonstrate tremendous leadership. The setter should be someone that can lift her team

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.045828
Retrieved Text: Take a look at the stunning lighting and cinematography featured in the Spike Lee’s ‘Blackkklansman” movie. We have added a short clip of the film courtesy of New York Times. Notice at the cooler tones used when highlighting the onscreen portraits. We dig it! very similar to the work produced by Paper Monday and Rog Walker. The DOP on this film is Canadian Chayse Irvin who also has credits on Beyoncé’s Lemonade.
Image Credits: New York Times.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.017115
Retrieved Text: The Lakers had hoped the fireworks would blow up anytime after Nick Young went on a scoring outburst.
But after spending the past two seasons launching plenty of duds, Young set off his own fireworks with an ending that would hardly leave anyone celebrating. As first reported and shown in the video above by TMZ, Young picked up a lit firework during a party on the 4th of July holiday only for it to blow up in his face.
Young did not get hurt. The Lakers also do not plan to hurt him with any disciplinary action after putting himself in physical danger.
Yet, the Lakers are strongly expected to buy out the remaining two years of Young’s $11 million contract if they cannot trade him. He averaged 7.3 points on a career-low 33.9 percent clip. After becoming constantly frustrated with former Lakers coach Byron Scott over public criticisms and fluctuating roles, Young could have a better working relationship with Walton. But that does not appear likely with Lakers point guard D’Angelo Russell, whose secretly recorded video of Young admitting to infidelities inadvertently became public.
“I didn’t see it. Were you scared?” Russell asked a reporter who inquired about Young’s fireworks stunt. The reporter then informed Russell he was not concerned.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.888525
Retrieved Text: Back to our regular programming with this episode!
The thoughts of Redbad Strikwerda feature in this show – in particular, on the subject of whether it is more important to be a good training coach or a good match-day coach. Comments from the likes of Hugh McCutcheon and Vyacheslav Platonov are included in the discussion.
Redbad Strikwerda currently coaches with Landstede Volleybal in the top men’s division of his native Holland. He has won 6 titles, 6 Cups, and 6 Super Cups in Dutch volleyball. He has coached in the CEV Champions League, CEV Cup, and CEV Challenge Cup. He has also coached in the European League and European Championships with the Dutch National Team.
Here’s a clip from Mark Lebedew’s interview in which he talks about how his coaching philosophy has changed over the years. It’s short, but it could make you ask questions of your own philosophy.
This clip is just part of an interview which contains more than 2 hours of insight, experience, and observations from internationally and professionally experienced coach.
Learn more about Mark and how you can access his full interview here.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.882034
Retrieved Text: The U.S. Kids Golf Certified Coach Seminar is a one-day training that includes indoor classroom sessions and an outdoor live coaching clinic. Participants receive the USKG Games Guide and sample Learning Program curriculum. Coaches that complete the Certification will also receive Positive Coaching Alliance training and certification. PGA Members can earn up to 10 credits in the required category and LPGA members can earn up to 10 credit units.
Pathway for your Players – Utilizing a structured, incentive-based pathway to enhance your youth program.
To register for a Certified Coach Seminar please visit the Certified Coach Seminar schedule and click on the specific date of choice.
The registration fee is $195 until two weeks prior to the seminar date when the cost increases to $245. At each seminar, coaches receive the Coaches Handbook, the USKG Games Guide, Player Pathway booklets: Levels 1-5, and access to the seminar presentation.
A special discount is offered to professionals registering from the same facility. To receive the $20 discount per registration, send an email to coach@uskidsgolf.com to receive a code that can be entered upon checkout.
Active Certified Coaches who have paid the annual renewal can attend a seminar for a discounted rate. Please contact coach@uskidsgolf.com to receive the discount code.
PGA members who attend and complete the U.S. Kids Golf Certified Coaches program are eligible to receive PGA Member Service Requirements (MSR) credits.
Learn more at www.pgalinks.com, the official site of the PGA of America.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.87663
Retrieved Text: Finding and buying stock video footage is very easy.
In the past when you needed stock footage for a production, it meant requesting a preview reel from a stock footage house, reviewing the tape and then making notes of the time codes you needed. Today finding and acquiring stock footage is so much easier, faster and less expensive. Most all of the stock footage available can be searched, previewed and purchased online.
Online footage come in many flavors. In addition to choosing the right format, such as SD, HD or greater, you need to know what kind of licensing is available. Some footage is offered as Rights Managed - where you purchase the rights based on the project and how it will be distributed. Whenever I can, I prefer buyout or Royalty-free video clips. Royalty-free means that you license the clip once and you can use the clip in any project you produce going forward.
Artbeats is one of the stock footage companies that has been around the longest. Artbeats offers clips either as part of a collection or as individual clips. While checking out the Artbeats website for this article, I came across a cool new product that they're offering - Driving Plates. Driving Plates are for keying backgrounds into driving shots. All angles are covered in these collections including a plate for reflections.
Getty Images is one of the largest online stock footage companies. Getty Images has acquired a lot of individual collections over the years and probably has the most to choose from.
Fotolia is another large online

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.768093
Retrieved Text: Vintage Thistle Tie Clip. Scottish Tie Clip.
Vintage thistle tie clip from the 1960's-70's. A great Scottish tie clip for any set of thistle cuff links. Gold tone with enameling. Alligator clip closure. Two small spots on back shown in last photo. These are not as common as you would think. Great price for anyone including a re-seller. Measures 1 3/4 inches long.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.742981
Retrieved Text: Spend anytime, on anything. Never expires.
By purchasing additional credits, you can use them as you wish. If you will need more time to produce content, this may be a good option to select a budget for the quarter, so your coach can help you take it farther!
Please note that if you are part of our coaching + experts program, you automatically get 12 FREE credits toward your project.
Coaching + Expert Members receive 15% discount store-wide. This means that if you purchase 50 Credits, you would save $1300.
This never expires, so if you don't use it immediately, you can always cash in later.
What can I do with my credits?
With credits, you can buy videos straight from our site. To view our packages, click below.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.737503
Retrieved Text: iMovie includes a number of templates you can use to create Hollywood-style movie trailers, with themes that range from adventure, to romance, to friendship and drama. Each template lets you customize the movie title and credits—and add your own video clips and photos to build a visually appealing story. Each template also comes with a unique musical score that matches the theme of the trailer.
Trailers are designed to be complete projects in their own right, but you can convert any trailer to a movie, and then edit it just as you would any other movie. For more information, see Convert a trailer.
In iMovie, click the Create button in the toolbar, and click Trailer (or choose File > New Trailer).
To preview a trailer template, move the pointer over the template and click the Play button that appears.
The duration of the trailer and the number of cast members appear below the template. Look for a template that matches the number of people in your footage.
Note: You can’t switch templates after you begin creating your trailer because the required elements from one template won’t fit with a different template. If you want to use a different template for your project, you need to create a new trailer from the beginning.
Click the template you want to use for your trailer.
A blue border appears around the template, indicating that it’s selected.
In the Event pop-up menu, choose the event you want to save the trailer to, and type a name for the trailer in the Name field.
A tabbed interface appears, and the

================



======= Instance Index 800 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A person retrieves an instrument from a closet. the man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: examines the instrument in his hand.

Ending 2: turns the instrument on and begins to play.

Ending 3: parts his hair before playing it.

Ending 4: plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.612583
Retrieved Text: As fashion icons Marlene Dietrich, Katherine Hepburn and Annie Hall have transmitted the desirability of a woman dressed as a man, and every so often we see inevitably inspired fashion editorials. And this 2011/2012 autumn-winter designers turn to give a new twist on a trend that is always welcome (at least for me).
Other gateways as Jason Wu, Tommy Hilfiger, Paul Smith and Chanel have been tailored coats, jackets or shirts for men whom any woman can have its men’s clothing without having to raid the closet of your girlfriend. If you had the soul since childhood tomboy and hated the bows, this is your chance to get even.
The yin and yang, male or female, The mixtures are the best opportunity to succeed in fashion and most stylish women I know. A wide-brimmed hat, a shirt, loafers, flat booties or a haircut to garçon and you’re sure goal Shadow Hunters street style.
Besides removing the garments to our boyfriends and husbands (something we adore, but they hate), the stores offer us many possibilities to create the perfect male wardrobe. I love the oversize coats, jackets, smoking type, shirts tied at the top and shoes laces. In your closet can be little more men’s clothing than you think, as shown in Zara.
Handle retrieves three-piece suits vest for a 20′s gangster look refreshed and refined, which look stylish and professional at work.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.96374
Retrieved Text: She picked up the instrument and set it onto her shoulder. A calmness passed into her, as if the violin exuded energy—as if it had a soul. The varnish had faded and dulled. Its life force did not come from its appearance. She brought the bow to the strings, which was still rosined and ready to play. Dragging the bow across the four strings, she found the instrument perfectly in tune.
Sarah took a deep breath and imagined the song, the way the notes melted into each other in nostalgic slides, the way her spirit seemed to pour from her soul that day.
She had started playing without realizing it. Warm, resonant notes poured from the instrument and spilled into the room. They were stronger, and much more powerful, than those she was used to. This instrument was different than the factory-made one her parents had bought for her. Rosemary’s violin was singing to the world from its very soul. And it was happening just as before. Sarah’s energy flowed from her body, causing her to lose consciousness and gain perspective all at once. She rode the air on a lofty run of eighth notes. She echoed off the ceiling with a rich and resonant vibrato. She flew past the guests, who had all quieted to listen to her music; flew past the table of cold cuts and appetizers and up the darkened staircase, where she resonated against the walls and found her way into the guest room. There, she crept along a whole note and slid into

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.954096
Retrieved Text: In 2008, a 58-year old woman was arrested for living in a man’s closet for a year without the man knowing she was there.
The woman was eventually caught when the Tokyo resident who owned the house installed security cameras after food kept disappearing from his kitchen.
When the man checked his cameras from his mobile phone, he noticed a person in the home and called the police to report a burglar. Officers found the woman curled up in a closet when they arrived.
During her year in the man’s closet, the trespasser managed to put a mattress in the closet and bathe while the man was away.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.842655
Retrieved Text: Look, I know that beauty is the eye of the beholder and then when you fall in love, you fall for the person regardless of what they look like or how they dress, but there is no getting away from the fact that a well-dressed man is a wonderful sight to behold! If you have a boyfriend who could do with a slight fashion makeover, and importantly doesnâ€™t mind you getting involved with his choices, then here are five essential pieces that your man should have in his closet to stay looking on point!
You absolutely cannot go wrong with a classic white shirt. A nice, fitted shirt is an immediately solid base for all formal wear. It might not stand out compared to other things in the closet, but itâ€™s something that your man will go back to time and time again.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.668617
Retrieved Text: Somebody get me an exorcist or a priest... .-.
sure, ill pay for the exorcist and priest to! how much for 3 to go to the haunted house! I'm so excited!!
me, the exorcist and priest you ordered are going! do you wanna come?!
oh.... ok, well how much for one person then ?
0 dollars and 1 soul!
you show it one of Felix's videos then most likely it will chill out and go back in the closet. And from then on a beautiful relationship between man and closet monster has thrived.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.429493
Retrieved Text: Method: Removes an HTTP header from the current response.
Filter Hook: Filters the response immediately after executing any REST API callbacks.
Filter Hook: Filters the response before executing any REST API callbacks.
Method: Retrieves the CURIEs (compact URIs) used for relations.
Method: Extracts headers from a PHP-style $_SERVER array.
Method: Sends an HTTP status code.
Method: Sends an HTTP header.
Method: Sends multiple HTTP headers.
Method: Retrieves the raw request entity (body).
Method: Retrieves the publicly-visible data for routes.
Filter Hook: Filters the REST endpoint data.
Method: Retrieves publicly-visible data for the route.
Method: Returns if an error occurred during most recent JSON encode/decode.
Method: Retrieves the site index.
Method: Retrieves the index for a namespace.
Method: Matches the request to a callback and call it.
Method: Wraps the response in an envelope.
Filter Hook: Filters the enveloped form of a response.
Method: Registers a route to the server.
Method: Retrieves the route map.
Method: Retrieves namespaces registered on the server.
Method: Retrieves specified options for a route.
Method: Retrieves links from a response.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.424574
Retrieved Text: Retrieves a codec suitable for a bool field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a bytes field with the given tag.
Creates a codec for a wrapper type of a class - which must be string or ByteString.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a double field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for an enum field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a fixed32 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a fixed64 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a float field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for an int32 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for an int64 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a message field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for an sfixed32 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for an sfixed64 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for an sint32 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for an sint64 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a string field with the given tag.
Creates a codec for a wrapper type of a struct - which must be Int32, Int64, UInt32, UInt64, Bool, Single or Double.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a uint32 field with the given tag.
Retrieves a codec suitable for a uint64 field with the given tag.
A codec for the given tag.
A conversion function from Int32 to the enum type.
A conversion function from the enum type to Int32.
A parser to use for the message type.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.271738
Retrieved Text: The ICatalog interface represents a particular catalog, and provides methods for retrieving tiles from a catalog deployed to the Experience Server.
[read-only] Retrieves an array of panels from the catalog to add to an application.
[read-only] Retrieves an array of service libraries from the catalog to add to an application.
[read-only] Returns an array of URLs representing each stylesheet from the composite application catalog.
[read-only] Retrieves an array of tiles from the catalog to add to an application.
[read-only] Returns the URI of this catalog, which is defined in the application(s) that reference this catalog.
[read-only] Retrieves an array of views from the catalog to add to an application.
Returns the panel with the given name from this Catalog.
Retrieves a service from the Service Library in the catalog.
Retrieves a tile from the catalog to add to an application.
Returns the view with the given name from this Catalog.
NOT IMPLEMENTED Retrieves any file asset from the catalog.
Retrieves an array of panels from the catalog to add to an application. This method sets all the default parameters required for the panel to function.
Retrieves an array of service libraries from the catalog to add to an application.
Returns an array of URLs representing each stylesheet from the composite application catalog.
Retrieves an array of tiles from the catalog to add to an application. This method sets all the default parameters required for the tile to function.
Returns the URI of this catalog, which is defined in the application(s) that reference this catalog.
Retrieves an array of views from the catalog to add to an application. This method sets all the default

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.892073
Retrieved Text: With the ever expanding vintage and rare instrument market, collectors and players all over the world are looking for that specific instrument. Do you have dusty gold forgotten under your bed or in your closet? Is your main instrument worth thousands? A written appraisal from Picker’s Supply protects your investment by establishing the value of your guitar in the current market, which is valuable information for your banker, insurance agent and your peace of mind.
Bran Dillard, owner of Picker’s Supply, has been buying and selling used instruments since 1969, and Picker’s Supply, established in 1975, is the quintessential store devoted to rare, vintage and new instrument sales. Bran and protege Matt Montoro are recognized worldwide as a leading experts on vintage guitars, mandolins and banjos. They bring over 50 years of experience to instrument appraisals, as well as the decades of experience of the Picker’s staff members.
Bring your instrument into Picker’s for an in-hand detailed description and appraisals, or contact our experts directly via email to arrange an appraisal over the web or phone from photos.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.57438
Retrieved Text: TDAS --- NOT FOR AMERICANS.
363.126: § 363.126 Under what circumstances will payment be made?
I am not going to re-invent the wheel. The article that follows my “Preface” is the BEST explanation of what “Accepted for Value” (A4V) REALLY means.
A4V does NOT mean that you do not have to pay your legitimate debts resulting from CONTRACTS you voluntarily signed — and any articles claiming that you can pay off all your debts simply by signing an A4V statement on a bill are TOTAL NONSENSE.
“Acceptance for Value” is a remedy available only in commercial law (the Uniform Commercial Code or UCC). Fortunately or unfortunately, commercial law (contract law) is the ONLY law recognized by government entities (e.g., the COURTS). Further, all legislated acts (statutes) are now “offers to contract”. And like any contract offer, you can accept or refuse that contract offer, HOWEVER, under the UCC, HOW you accept or refuse will determine if you are the DEBTOR or CREDITOR. One can “accept for value” ONLY an instrument that has been “issued for value”, that is: 1.) the instrument has been issued to generate value where there was NO prior value; AND 2.) the instrument (such as a bill, invoice, speeding ticket) has NO signed contract to back it up. In short, an instrument “issued for value” is an OFFER TO CONTRACT from someone (the ISSUER), unbacked by a pre-existing, written contract, in which that person is attempting to get YOU to give value to that instrument by having you falsely believe you owe money when you in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.555502
Retrieved Text: Specifies an inline text group.
The span tag is one of the most useful HTML elements. With this tag you can insert and format inline text into the HTML content.
The base interface, through which you can add new functionalities to the span object, is the HTMLSpanElement interface.
If you want to see the HTML objects by categories, please visit this page.
Sets or retrieves an access key to an element.
Represents a collection of all elements contained by an element or the entire document.
Represents a collection of attribute nodes that belong to an element.
Returns the base URL for the object.
Represents a collection of the Uniform Resource Names for all behaviors attached to an element.
Retrieves a Boolean value that indicates whether the element can contain child elements.
Retrieves a Boolean value that indicates whether the element can contain HTML formatted text.
Returns the number of element nodes that are direct descendants of the current element.
Represents a collection of all nodes that are direct descendants of an element.
Represents a collection of all element nodes that are direct descendants of an element.
Sets or retrieves the style class or classes that belong to the element.
Returns the height of the visible area for an object, in pixels. The value contains the height with the padding, but it does not include the scrollBar, border, and the margin.
Returns the width of the left border in pixels.
Returns the height of the top border in pixels.
Returns the width of the visible area for an object, in pixels. The value contains the width with the padding, but does not include the scrollBar,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.282433
Retrieved Text: Instruments for Kids is a program established by the Anthony Wayne Area Arts Commission to put free musical instruments in the hands of children who might not have the opportunity otherwise.
AWAAC is seeking donations of used musical instruments and will take care of any necessary refurbishing. The instruments will then be given to local area children who might not be able to afford to purchase instruments.
This is a FREE program for any interested area youth!
AWAAC is excited to give children the opportunity to learn the joy of music.
If you have an instrument tucked away in your closet gathering dust and are willing to donate it, we would love to have it.
If you know a child who would benefit from receiving a free instrument, let us know.
Contact Laurie Swyers at lswyers6@frontier.com to donate or to receive an instrument.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.25678
Retrieved Text: Eggs in a basket can be used as a high-energy warm-up that requires agility. A good lead–in to fielding games.
Mark out an area with 4 cones and place all balls in the centre.
Players line up behind each cone.
On a signal, the first person from each team runs to the centre and picks up a ball to throw to the next person in line.
Once the ball is caught and placed beside the team, the catcher runs to the centre repeating the process until all the balls are gone.
The aim is to be the first team that retrieves the most balls.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.25169
Retrieved Text: Mala given in the package, wearing man can progress in business and service and spend his life happily. Those who are suffering from miseries pertainind to body, finance and mental set up should wear this Rudra Mala. Wearing of Rudra Mala is accomplished by the family person for comforts and prosperity in family life. By wearing it on one's person all the pleasures increase and all the difficulties diminish.
Benefits: Mala given in the package, wearing man can progress in business and service and spend his life happily. Those who are suffering from miseries pertainind to body, finance and mental set up should wear this Rudra Mala. Wearing of Rudra Mala is accomplished by the family person for comforts and prosperity in family life. By wearing it on one's person all the pleasures increase and all the difficulties diminish. It is also the demolisher of arrogance, egoism and pride Rudra Mala is a vital instrument in strengthening one's will power and converting even an enemy into a friend.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.088243
Retrieved Text: Retrieves a full list of folders on the Report Server from the Report Server Catalog table.
Retrieves one or many reports as XML from the Report Server Catalog table.
Get Report Object Creation and Change Dates.
Retrieves the creation and change dates and users for all Report Server objects.
Retrieves the report parameters and their attributes for one or many reports.
Retrieves a list of Report Data Sources for one or many reports.
Retrieves a list of Report Data Sets, including columns and data types, for one or many reports.
Retrieves a list of all defined schedules stored in the Report Server Schedules table.
Retrieves a list of all subscriptions defined against one or many reports on the Report Server.
Retrieves a summarized list of notifications sent by report for one or many reports on the Report Server.
Retrieves a list of cache policies defined against all reports on the Report Server.
Retrieves a list of all users and roles assigned to one or many reports on the Report Server.
Retrieves a list of all users and roles assigned to one or many models on the Report Server.
Retrieves a list of snapshots taken of one or many reports on the Report Server.
Retrieves a summary of executions for one or many reports on the Report Server, categorized into time bands (eg last week, last month).
Retrieves a detailed list of all executions for one or many reports on the Report Server.
Retrieves a list of stored procedures used by one or many reports on the Report Server and their (report) data source names.
Retrieves a list of TSQL code used by one

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.081635
Retrieved Text: The following table shows the ToolTips messages, with a description of the purpose of each.
This message activates or deactivates a ToolTip.
This message registers a tool with a ToolTip control.
This message removes a tool from a ToolTip control.
This message retrieves the information that a ToolTip control maintains about the current tool; that is, the tool for which the ToolTip is currently displaying text.
This message retrieves the information for the current tool in a ToolTip control.
This message retrieves the initial, pop-up, and reshow durations currently set for a ToolTip control.
This message retrieves the top, left, bottom, and right margins set for a ToolTip window.
This message retrieves the maximum width for a ToolTip window.
This message retrieves the information that a ToolTip control maintains about a tool.
This message retrieves the background color in a ToolTip window.
This message retrieves the text color in a ToolTip window.
This message retrieves the number of tools maintained by a ToolTip control.
This message tests a point to determine whether the point is within the bounding rectangle of a specified tool and, if the point is within the rectangle, retrieves information about the tool.
This message sets a new bounding rectangle for a tool.
This message removes a displayed ToolTip window from view.
This message sends a mouse message to a ToolTip control for processing.
This message sets the initial, pop-up, and reshow durations for a ToolTip control.
This message sets the top, left, bottom, and right margins for a ToolTip window.
This message sets the maximum width for a ToolTip window.
This message sets the background color for a ToolTip window.
This message sets

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.966324
Retrieved Text: Man is not real smart as he does not know what is going to happen tomorrow or even 10 minutes from now. The Lord God knows all these things before they happen, so it is very very smart to let him guide, and do with us what his will is in every word we say, and in everything we do! That is true liberty, and freedom. Man is like an instrument in the hands of a Holy God to be used for his Glory. An instrument does not tell the person using it what to say, or do, it is simply being used by its user.
The Bible tells us how to become an instrument of righteousness to be used by God.
“If a man will purge himself from these......” What is man supposed to “purge” himself from? “Iniquity”!!
It is pretty easy to identify most of these things, but what is hard to identify are the things that look holy, pure, and just but are not! Jesus reveals what some of these things are that seem to be holy.
How could these things be called “iniquity”? A lot of Church's today have these exact things happening all the time! What makes them iniquity?
Signs do not follow people, they follow “faith” wherever it is! If we remove the “believing” part in this verse, then there are no signs. We can choose to make signs if we want to, but only the appearance of doing them. This is called “iniquity”!!! Anytime we decide to do something without God's leading, or his

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.966166
Retrieved Text: This service allows scripts to create, access, and modify Google Docs files.
// Open a document by ID.
// Create and open a document.
Attribute An enumeration of the element attributes.
Body An element representing a document body.
Bookmark An object representing a bookmark.
ContainerElement A generic element that may contain other elements.
DocumentApp The document service creates and opens Documents that can be edited.
ElementType An enumeration of all the element types.
Equation An element representing a mathematical expression.
EquationFunction An element representing a function in a mathematical Equation.
EquationFunctionArgumentSeparator An element representing a function separator in a mathematical Equation.
EquationSymbol An element representing a symbol in a mathematical Equation.
FontFamily An enumeration of the supported fonts.
FooterSection An element representing a footer section.
Footnote An element representing a footnote.
FootnoteSection An element representing a footnote section.
GlyphType An enumeration of the supported glyph types.
HeaderSection An element representing a header section.
HorizontalAlignment An enumeration of the supported horizontal alignment types.
HorizontalRule An element representing an horizontal rule.
InlineDrawing An element representing an embedded drawing.
ListItem An element representing a list item.
NamedRange A Range that has a name and ID to allow later retrieval.
PageBreak An element representing a page break.
Paragraph An element representing a paragraph.
ParagraphHeading An enumeration of the standard paragraph headings.
Position A reference to a location in the document, relative to a specific element.
PositionedLayout An enumeration that specifies how to lay out a PositionedImage in relation to surrounding text.
Range A range of elements in a document.
RangeBuilder A builder used to construct Range objects from document elements.
RangeElement A wrapper around an Element with a possible start and end offset.
Table An element representing a table.
TableCell An element representing

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.925686
Retrieved Text: Retrieves a list of NPR music artists and corresponding IDs. Also used to look up the IDs of specific NPR music artists by specifying them as an optional parameter.
MusicArtist The specific name or an NPR music artist to return. Multiple names can be specified separated by commas (i.e. Thom Yorke,Yo La Tengo). Music artist IDs are returned when this input is used.
Id The ID of the music artist. This is only returned when the MusicArtist input is specified. When multiple artist names are specified, this will be a list of IDs separated by commas.
This Choreo retrieves a list of all NPR music artists along with the corresponding ID for each. The Choreo can also be used to look up the IDs of music artists by specifying them in the optional Personality parameter. The documentation for accessing NPR music artist lists and IDs can be found here.
An API Key is not required to run this choreo. When run without inputs, the Choreo returns a list of all NPR music artists along with the ID for each person in the Response output variable. The Id output variable in this case will be empty.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.852026
Retrieved Text: •	Better Backup and Disaster Recovery.
Documents, whether electronic or paper, are an essential component of just about any enterprise. Managing business information, sometimes from several sources, can be a challenging task. Depending on the nature of your company, a document management (DMS) solution that captures, stores, and retrieves both paper and electronic documents can provide many key benefits to your organization. Even with your business. DMS has so man great benefits more than you think and saves a lot of time with certain aspects with your work.
Proper document management software can bring many benefits to you and your office.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.823671
Retrieved Text: Real Estate|Does Your Doorman Have a Hidden Talent?
Does Your Doorman Have a Hidden Talent?
Ricardo Buchanan scrawls words on scraps of paper that he keeps in his uniform pocket.
Another brother shot dead by a rookie cop.
There are index cards, napkins and phone bills inscribed with original verse, ideas that will swell later, at home or on a bench in the park, at lunchtime.
He thinks about injustice, and about love and sadness and people while he is at work at the sprawling Esplanade Gardens, a co-op in East Harlem, tending to plumbing or electrical malfunctions, tiling and all else that can crumble or fail.
He sits quietly with a cup of coffee on his day off, easing poem after poem from a folder he takes from a backpack. One talks about fair pay, another about a woman who has left. He plays a video in which he performs a series of pieces, set to original music; it is titled “Under Attack.” His pen name is Mad Man.
“But I am not angry,” Mr. Buchanan said with a smile. “ ‘Mad’ represents ‘Motivation and Determination.’ ” He said he wants to publish a book of poetry, sometime soon.
Similar passion can be found across the city in other subterranean workshops, nooks and utility closets, under elegant awnings and inside brass-fitted vestibules. Sometimes hidden, sometimes in plain sight, artistry sustains those who keep apartment houses running all over town the way it always does, completely and involuntarily.
At 110 East End Avenue, riffs of electric blues guitar accompany the whirring of washing machines. In

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.818779
Retrieved Text: Use this subresource to retrieve details about items in an active order.
Adds a new item to a defined order.
Removes a previously added item from a defined order.
Retrieves the details of a single order item.
Retrieves the details of all items in an order.
Retrieves an order item with the order line ID.
Update the duty fee information for an order item.
Updates the item fulfillment information for the order specified in the request.
Override the price of an individual product on a line item in the specified order.
Update the quantity of an item in an order.
Update the discount applied to an item in an order.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.815186
Retrieved Text: An element representing a header section. A Document typically contains at most one HeaderSection. The HeaderSection may contain ListItem, Paragraph, and Table elements. For more information on document structure, see the guide to extending Google Docs.
appendHorizontalRule() HorizontalRule Creates and appends a new HorizontalRule.
appendImage(image) InlineImage Creates and appends a new InlineImage from the specified image blob.
appendImage(image) InlineImage Appends the given InlineImage.
appendListItem(listItem) ListItem Appends the given ListItem.
appendListItem(text) ListItem Creates and appends a new ListItem containing the specified text contents.
appendParagraph(paragraph) Paragraph Appends the given Paragraph.
appendParagraph(text) Paragraph Creates and appends a new Paragraph containing the specified text contents.
appendTable() Table Creates and appends a new Table.
appendTable(cells) Table Appends a new Table containing a TableCell for each specified string value.
appendTable(table) Table Appends the given Table.
clear() HeaderSection Clears the contents of the element.
copy() HeaderSection Returns a detached, deep copy of the current element.
editAsText() Text Obtains a Text version of the current element, for editing.
findElement(elementType) RangeElement Searches the contents of the element for a descendant of the specified type.
findElement(elementType, from) RangeElement Searches the contents of the element for a descendant of the specified type, starting from the specified RangeElement.
findText(searchPattern) RangeElement Searches the contents of the element for the specified text pattern using regular expressions.
findText(searchPattern, from) RangeElement Searches the contents of the element for the specified text pattern, starting from a given search result.
getChild(childIndex) Element Retrieves the child element at the specified child index.
getChildIndex(child) Integer Retrieves the child index for the specified child element.
getImages() InlineImage Retrieves all the InlineImages contained in the section.
getListItems() ListItem Retrieves all the ListItems contained in the section.
getNumChildren() Integer Retrieves the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.761572
Retrieved Text: Provides pending exception capabilities to an existing exception manager.
Creates a new exception request to catch all exceptions from the JVM.
The request id given does not get added to the request id list and removing by id will not remove this request instance.
Creates a new exception request for the specified exception class.
Any exception and its subclass will be watched.
Retrieves the list of exception requests contained by this manager.
Retrieves the collection of exception requests with the matching exception class name.
Returns the information for an exception request with the specified id.
Retrieves the collection of exception requests with the specified id.
Determines if an exception request exists for the specified exception class name.
Determines if an exception request exists with the specified id.
Retrieves a list of all pending exception requests.
Retrieves a list of pending exception requests for the specified file.
Processes all pending exception requests.
Processes all pending exception requests for the specified file.
Removes the specified exception requests with the matching exception class name.
Removes the exception request with the specified id.
Creates a new exception request based on the specified information.
Creates a new exception request based on the specified information. If the class name is null, will create a catchall exception request.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.721708
Retrieved Text: Adds the specified listener to receive site-related events.
Indicates whether an absolute element ID is present in the site.
Indicates whether a certain URL has a mapping in this site.
Looks for an element that corresponds to a particular request URL.
Notifies the registered listeners that one of the site's resources has been detected as being modified.
Transforms the provided element ID into an absolute element ID.
Transforms the provided element ID into a canonical ID without any parent indicators.
Retrieves the continuation manager that is used by this site.
Retrieves the collection of all the element IDs that are present in this site.
Retrieves the default object as a Site from the participant that was returned by getRepParticipant().
Retrieves the participant named "ParticipantSite" from the default repository.
Retrieves the resource finder that was used to populate this site.
Retrieves a map of all the resources that were used to construct the site and their last modification time.
Retrieves the collection of all the URLs that are present in this site.
Indicates whether the default repository has a participant named "ParticipantSite".
Populates this site instance from another site instance.
Removes the site listener so that it no longer receives any events.
Resets the last modification check so that the next request will always check for modifications.
Retrieves the element information in this site that corresponds to provided absolute element ID.
Retrieves the element information in this site that corresponds to provided element ID.
Looks up the information of the element that is responsible for handling a certain URL and pathinfo.
Searches which element would be used as a fallback for a particilar URL.
null if the site was

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.71203
Retrieved Text: An Oasis in the Desert: My Barbie Dream Closet!
Hey everyone! I hope y'all are having a wonderful weekend and are excited about it being almost September with Fall just around the corner. I certainly am, and my inside Fall decor is all finished, but you are just going to have to wait until next week to see any of it. Why? Well, I have something else to share first, and it's a reno that I am beyond thrilled with.......MY DREAM CLOSET! The Man with "the plan" did such an incredible job, and I simply cannot wait any longer to let you in for a look-see.
sneaky-peek of one of the beautiful "afters."
Now for some of the "UGLIES!" I'm truly hanging my head in shame that you are having to see this.
1) I was literally breathless when I saw this closet for the first time before we bought this house! At roughly 10 x 10, it's the size of a bedroom.
2) A lot of wasted space with this builder-basic setup.
3) We knew from the get-go that this closet would get a makeover at some point, but that wasn't a priority for a couple of years.
4) We pretty much just "existed" with this space and lived in somewhat of an organized but chaotic mess!
5) Wow, cannot believe I'm showing you all of this!
6) More messes were to come as we emptied the closet for demo and had clothes & "stuff" every where else in the house.
7) Now the fun begins with The Man's well-thought out and great plan, ready

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.659437
Retrieved Text: Data object representing the metadata for a saved game. This is immutable, and therefore safe to cache or store. Note, however, that the data it represents may grow stale.
long PLAYED_TIME_UNKNOWN Constant indicating that the played time of a snapshot is unknown.
long PROGRESS_VALUE_UNKNOWN Constant indicating that the progress value of a snapshot is unknown.
Retrieves the aspect ratio of the cover image for this snapshot, if any.
Retrieves an image URI that can be used to load the snapshot's cover image.
Retrieves the description of this snapshot.
Loads the snapshot description into the given CharArrayBuffer.
Retrieves the name of the device that wrote this snapshot, if known.
Retrieves the game associated with this snapshot.
Retrieves the last time this snapshot was modified, in millis since epoch.
Retrieves the player that owns this snapshot.
Retrieves the played time of this snapshot in milliseconds.
Retrieves the progress value for this snapshot.
Retrieves the ID of this snapshot.
Retrieves the unique identifier of this snapshot.
Indicates whether or not this snapshot has any changes pending that have not been uploaded to the server.
Retrieves the aspect ratio of the cover image for this snapshot, if any. This is the ratio of width to height, so a value > 1.0f indicates a landscape image while a value < 1.0f indicates a portrait image. If the snapshot has no cover image, this will return 0.0f.
The aspect ratio of the cover image, or 0.0f if no image is present.
Retrieves an image URI that can be used to load the snapshot's cover image. Returns null if the snapshot has no cover image.
A URI that can be used to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.621756
Retrieved Text: Many homeowners get frustrated when it comes to making the most of their closet space. Whether the house was built decades ago or is still fairly new, it is typical that a person cannot figure out how to utilize the space they have to cater to all of their possessions. This is not necessarily the homeowners fault, however. The average closet is simply a small room with a door, which could pose as a problem to people who have things that need to be stored in a multiple number of ways. Adding a free standing closet organizer will finally allow a person to find a suitable place for their possessions. These organizers typically contain cubbyholes for shoes, shelves for folded clothing, and space to hang long items such as dresses or expensive coats. Having designated spaces for everything from neckties to a pair of rain boots allows a person to really utilize their closet space as much as possible, while keeping piles of clothing out of sight.
There are many different designs of closet organizers, from the fairly simple to the more complex. What they all have in common is that they allow a person to find a place for each type of clothing, making it much easier to put their things away instead of allowing them to pile up on their bedroom floor. One of the most common materials used to build a free standing closet organizer is plastic. The reason that plastic is so popular for this is because it is cheap to produce and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.59139
Retrieved Text: On this page we will provide how to use spring RestTemplate to consume RESTful Web Service. RestTemplate communicates HTTP server using RESTful principals. RestTemplate provides different methods to communicate that will accept URI template, URI variables, response type and request object as arguments. It uses HTTP methods such as GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE etc. It also handles HTTP connections. In our example we will discuss consuming JSON and XML response. Now find the description of RestTemplate methods used in our example.
getForObject() : It retrieves an entity using HTTP GET method on the given URL.
exchange() : Executes the HTTP method for the given URI. It returns ResponseEntity. It can communicate using any HTTP method.
headForHeaders() : Retrieves all headers. It uses HTTP HEAD method.
getForEntity() : It retrieves an entity by using HTTP GET method for the given URL. It returns ResponseEntity.
delete() : Deletes the resources at the given URL. It uses HTTP DELETE method.
put(): It creates new resource or update for the given URL using HTTP PUT method.
postForObject(): It creates new resource using HTTP POST method and returns an entity.
postForLocation(): It creates new resource using HTTP POST method and returns the location of created new resource.
postForEntity(): It creates news resource using HTTP POST method to the given URI template. It returns ResponseEntity.
We will use these methods in our example. We will provide RESTful Web Service client code as well as server code.
Find spring REST web service server code used in our example. Here Address and Person class are same as used in our spring REST client code.
We

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.586811
Retrieved Text: An elderly man recently lost his wife and visits the lawyer's office for assistance in the administration of her estate. After the attorney expresses her condolences, she asks if his wife had a will. The client reaches into a brown shopping bag and retrieves a two-and-a-half inch black binder containing several trusts. The elderly gentleman and his deceased wife were told this would eliminate the expensive legal nightmare of probate. Unfortunately, like many others, this couple was victimized by a trust mill.

================



======= Instance Index 1601 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see a couple opening title screens. a man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: uses a brush to polish a horse's hooves.

Ending 2: talks while wearing a hula hoop and demonstrates a set.

Ending 3: is shaving with a straight razor.

Ending 4: puts curlers into his hair.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.651707
Retrieved Text: There hasn't been a huge box office opening since "Suicide Squad" had a record-breaking $133.6 million opening back in August. So Hollywood was excited to see a Marvel movie being released in November and it didn't disappoint.
"Doctor Strange" took in an estimated $85 million this weekend, according to Exhibitor Relations, making it far and away the biggest opening weekend so far this fall and in the top ten openings of 2016 (and the 14th consecutive #1 debut for a film from the Marvel Cinematic Universe).
Fueled by the Marvel pedigree and dazzling special effects (along with a 90% ranking on Rotten Tomatoes), the movie exceeded industry expectations (thanks to its big $32.6 million Friday) and showed that Marvel characters that aren't as globally recognized as Captain America, the Hulk, and Iron Man, can still bring in some heavy coin.
The $85 million opening (released on over 3,800 screens) performed better than the opening weekends of MCU titles like "Thor" ($65.7 million) and "Captain America: The First Avenger" ($65 million).
The movie has already made over $240 million overseas.
Coming in second place is DreamWorks Animation's latest family film "Trolls," with a healthy $45.6 million.
While in third place with $14.7 million is "Hacksaw Ridge," Mel Gibson's first directing effort in ten years.
The strong performance by the Lionsgate title proves that the Gibson comeback is in full effect and could perhaps lead to award season recognition for the veteran actor/director as well as the film's star, Andrew Garfield.
But the story of the weekend is the continued dominance by Disney at the box

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.36277
Retrieved Text: In this tutorial I will show you how to create a 3D grunge metal movie poster title in Adobe Photoshop CS5 by using the Repousse tool. Every movie poster needs a spectacular title whether it is in a grunge, metal, typographic style. Due to the release of Creative Suite 5, we are finally able to create 3D titles within Photoshop without the use of complex and expensive 3D software such as... Preparing the background. Begin by dragging your Texture onto the image of the subject. You can group the layers and turn them off for now. Crop the image to your liking, and be sure that ‘Delete Cropped Pixels’ is unchecked!
With every popular movie or TV series — like Game of Thrones — comes a new beautiful set of intro graphics to gawk at. This tutorial will teach you how to make a medieval movie title slide in Photoshop using simple shapes, backgrounds, and layer styles. how to run adobe flash on ipad This basic tutorial demonstrates how to create a title sequence using Photoshop, After Effects and Premiere Pro.
How to Create a Vintage 3D Film Title Card with Photoshop. Retro effect straight from 1920s and 1930s classic films. This tutorial for Photoshop shows you how to create the iconic black and white film title screens that you see on classic movies from the 1920's and 30's. how to make a comp card in photoshop A couple quick things to point out before we begin. The below information was written as a guide to quickly walk

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.815264
Retrieved Text: It would appear that the ol’ cut and paste ‘documentary’ style of creating fake news no longer works for the modern, savvy movie-goer.
“Fahrenheit 11/9,” Michael Moore’s latest attempt at denigrating a Republican president failed miserably, earning just $3 million on its opening weekend. It was an effort “Hollywood Reporter” described as ‘tanking’ and a ‘limp’ opening.
The film had projected to earn in the range of $5 to $6 million.
A little research shows that Moore’s movie, with the backing of far-left Hollywood, played on over 1,700 screens during it’s opening weekend. The Mister Rogers documentary played on just over two dozen screens, but would go on to become the top-grossing biographical documentary of all time, earning over $20 million.
During an appearance on “The Late Show” with Stephen Colbert, the rotund filmmaker implored his followers to “get off the couch” and join the resistance, presumably by going to see his film.
“The despair that I have in going forward and making this movie is when are people going to get off the couch and when are we going to rise up?” seemingly unaware that the only times he ‘gets off the couch’ or ‘rises up’ is when there’s a major discount at the local buffet.
It also comes on the heels of two other failed efforts – a website called ‘Trumpileaks,’ and a failed Broadway show, “The Terms of My Surrender,” billed as a one-man attempt to bring down the president.
Moore recently described his resistance efforts as a revolution.
The insurgency and the revolution decided it wasn’t worth spending $15 for

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.77599
Retrieved Text: You know, like nunchuck skills, bow hunting skills, computer hacking skills... Girls only want boyfriends who have great skills.
Saucy credits garnish high school foodstuff alongside screamingly mundane high school ephemera serving as cringe-worthy currency all the while inducing smile after smile. Aaron Ruell, who also plays Kipland "Kip" Ronald Dynamite, designed the opening credit sequence for Jared and Jerusha Hess' Napoleon Dynamite with the White Stripes' "We're Going to be Friends" easing in childlike qualities.
We had an opportunity to speak with Hess about the unique openings to his films. This week follows on from Gentlemen Broncos, with a discussion on the genesis of the Napoleon title sequence.
A discussion with Director JARED HESS.
Tell us how this sequence came about.
JH: When we made Napoleon it was very low budget and we made the whole thing for under $400,000; when we screened the film at Sundance we did not have an opening title sequence at all - it opened cold. It went from a black screen right to Napoleon standing in front of his house waiting for the school bus, and we had a very basic credit roll at the end of the film.
When we sold the film to Fox Searchlight I remember they test screened the film a couple of different times and one of the silly questions that kept coming up in the focus groups afterwards (adopts voice of Brutus from Gentlemen Broncos) "What year does this take place? I mean it's like everybody's wearing clothes from the 80's and the 90's, yet they have the Internet,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.627598
Retrieved Text: Cool iphone backgrounds and wallpapers for home lock screens is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. Cool iphone backgrounds and wallpapers for home lock screens is posted on the category Home Wallpaper Hd in the dwigallery.com website. This post of "cool iphone backgrounds and wallpapers for home lock screens" was published on 13-07-2018 by dave and has been viewed 114,933 times.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Cool iphone backgrounds and wallpapers for home lock screens can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
Home wallpapers and home backgrounds in hd for download is posted in the category Wallpaper Design For Home and published on 14-07-2018 by admin. Image source: wonderfulengineering.com. Click on the title to see more..
Cool backgrounds for computer screens cool desktop wallpapers full hd wallpapers is posted in the category Cool Wallpaper For Walls and published on 12-07-2018 by dave. Image source: blogspot.com. Click on the title to see more..
Cool wallpapers for home wallpapersafari is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 08-01-2018 by jonshon. Image source: wallpapersafari.com. Click on the title to see more..
Cool wallpapers for home wallpapersafari is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 15-03-2018 by dave. Image

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.532314
Retrieved Text: So yesterday at work, we all got an email from one of the teachers. A very nice man who had two extra tickets to see Blue Man Group that he was making available at a discounted price. I jumped at the opportunity. Neither my wife or I had ever seen the show, but we'd heard from several sources that it's really good, so...we went!
In a word, it was unbelievable. We saw their How To Be a Megastar 2.0 show where they move through the instructions for how to become a successful rock star, all while poking fun at the rock culture through the years. It's actually really hard to describe what kind of a show it was. They combined elements from so many different types of shows that it was just unique. It was part rock show (with full band), part comedy routine, part Stomp, all rolled together with a ton of audience participation.
Even before the show started, they were entertaining us. About 20 minutes before the performance began, the big video screens lit up. A single line of orange text scrolled across: "Yell if you are paying attention." This continued up until the show started. The screens would tell trivia about BMG, ask the audience questions ("Yell if [blank] is true") and make fun of other Megastars.
Then the lights dimmed and the opening act began. A DJ named Mike Relm opened the show by showing us his live remixing of both music and videos (from Nacho Libre to Office Space to Zoolander). It was an

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.466215
Retrieved Text: The critics were luke-warm but our friends who saw the movie (across age group) liked it very much. This is also great news since newbie director Abhishek Varman has succeeded in his first attempt, OTOH Arjun Kapoor and Alia Bhatt will prolong the stranglehold of dynasties in Bollywood (we still wish them well).
In spite of the IPL fever, this film has been declared the biggest hit of 2014 so far. Trade Analyst Taran Adarsh tweeted about the film's success,"#2States all set to cross $ 1 million mark in USA-Canada in opng wknd itself. BIGGEST OPENER of 2014 there. Excellent!"
Writer Chetan Bhagat who was in an ecstatic mood also took to Twitter to post, "Kudos @abhivarman and his entire team | 2 States Emerges Biggest Hit Of 2014. 2 States opening wknd ~Rs40cr, similar to 3 Idiots opening wknd! Only this time, with debut director, upcoming actors! Miracles do happen."
The film raked in around Rs.12 crore on its opening day in the country (India). According to sources, the first day collection for the entertainer, directed by first-timer Abhishek Varman, is Rs. 12.42 cr net.
The movie was released in nearly 2,400 screens worldwide. In India, "2 States" released in over 2,000 screens and internationally, it released in close to 350 screens in 30 countries.
Review (no spoiler): Pretty Tam Brahm ‘ponnu’ plus ‘hatta katta’ Punjabi munda equals to match made in heaven? If you go by ’2 States’, yes, but getting to it is long and arduous. The film sets out to be a solid, emotionally satisfying rom com,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.392866
Retrieved Text: 'Train to Busan' beats 'Now You See Me 2' and becomes the fastest movie ever in the country to cross 5 million admissions.
Train to Busan charged through the South Korean box office this weekend, setting several local records, including for the biggest opening weekend performance, and eclipsing big Hollywood summer titles.
The zombie thriller from Next Entertainment World dominated the July 22-24 box office, reaching more than 74.7 percent of the market share to earn more than $24 million during the three-day weekend. Its five-day gross of $38.8 million is a record for the country, as it now tops Roaring Currents, the 2014 period actioner from CJ Entertainment that garnered $35.4 million during the same time frame.
South Korea's first zombie blockbuster broke a couple other box-office records. It garnered the biggest opening-day score of $5.8 million, as well as the highest single-day performance of $9.9 million on Saturday. It also became the fastest movie ever in the country to cross the 5 million admissions mark.
Currently showing on 1,785 screens—which account for about 70 percent of all screens across the Asian country—and having an average seat-occupancy rate of over 60 percent (according to the Korean Film Council's KOBIS database), Train to Busan is expected to continue speeding through the box office.
In terms of admissions, by which local industry observers measure box-office performance, the Yeon Sang-ho film has already reached 5.3 million admissions and is expected to cross 10 million soon. Not even 20 films have reached the 10 million milestone, which accounts for a fifth of South Korea's

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.072794
Retrieved Text: In a widely scattered overseas market packed with leftovers, specialized Oscar-hopeful entries and a batch of local-language films, "Ratatouille" emerged as the most popular film by a wide margin for the third weekend in a row, grossing $30.2 million from 4,547 screens in 31 countries.
The Disney/Pixar animated offering, in five final foreign ports after starting out June 28, reached an international gross of $310.1 million. Disney statisticians had a busy weekend recording new records set by "Ratatouille," among them: the third-most-popular Disney/Pixar enterprise after "Finding Nemo" and "The Incredibles"; the 10th Disney title to cross $300 million at the overseas boxoffice; and the sixth-most-popular nonsequel animated title ever.
New records also were achieved in individual openings. The film was No. 1 in 13 countries, including holdovers as well as in the five new bows. Italy's $8.2 million from 771 screens was hailed as the biggest Disney/Pixar opening ever in the market; Sweden's $2 million from 195 screens was the second-biggest opening in industry history; Poland's $1.5 million from 130 screens was the biggest Disney/Pixar opening; and Finland's $668,000 from 66 screens set an all-time Disney/Pixar record. China, which greeted "Ratatouille" at No. 1, pulled in $585,000 from 200 screens.
The French bistro rat-turned-culinary star served up $29.3 million in 18 days in Germany, and $18.5 million in two weekends in the U.K.
With 2,055 prints working in 35 countries, marked by nine new openings including the U.K. and Germany, Paramount's romantic fantasy "Stardust" had the right magic to capture the No. 2 spot over the weekend with $8 million,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.044044
Retrieved Text: ‘Star Trek: Into Darkness’ hits the screens in Doha this week!
‘Welcome to the Punch’ hits the screens in Doha this week!
The worlds largest short film festival.
Opening Sacha Gervasi’s ‘Hitchcock’, a fire rages through the fields of Ed Gein’s farm, charring everything living and dead.
‘Iron Man 3’ hits the screens in Doha this week!
‘Amour’ film review by Reem Saleh.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.033035
Retrieved Text: Print Page - iMac Holy Grail achieved ! Boot screens on 780m in 2011 iMac 27".
Title: iMac Holy Grail achieved ! Boot screens on 780m in 2011 iMac 27".
Title: Re: iMac Holy Grail achieved ! Boot screens on 780m.
Title: iMac 2011 now MOJAVE READY !
Title: Re: iMac Holy Grail achieved ! Boot screens on 780m in 2011 iMac 27".
Oh man! He found out I'm homeless! I'm gonna cry now :(. Honestly, this is entertainment right here. You can't defend your own argument so you start attacking me. You don't even know who I am! I don't even get what your going to get out of this other than making me and everyone else laugh. You act like if you do this MVC is going to mail you 72 virgin flashed Nvidia Titan Xp's or something. So please make me laugh more or find someone else to harass.
According to TechPowerUp BIOS database (https://www.techpowerup.com/vgabios/?architecture=&manufacturer=&model=GTX+780M&interface=&memType=&memSize=&since=), none of 6 BIOSes exceed 164KB.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.928257
Retrieved Text: Old web head now does whatever a spider can on two screens at once.
Nice graphical effects; large levels to explore.
Control felt sluggish; Boss mini-games break up the action.
Activision stopped into our office the other day to give us a little more hands-on time with its DS launch title, Spider-Man 2. One might expect a movie licensed launch title to be of questionable quality, but if the first couple stages are any indication, this could actually end up being one of the better games initially available for the DS.
The bulk of the game is played on the DS's top screen, where you lead Spidey though an old fashioned 2D action game. Well, maybe not as old fashioned as you might expect. Much like Namco's Klonoa series, Spider-Man 2 utilizes a "2.5-D" perspective (man, do I hate that term). Basically, the game is full 3D, but instead of letting you wander freely, the game plays like a side-scroller. The slickness of this effect is shown off early in the game as you guide Spider-Man along the street. After walking a block or two, the entire background rotates, giving the illusion that Spidey has just turned a corner despite the action never leaving the 2D plane.
Spidey has a library of moves available at the touch of a button, err, screen.
The stages that I got a change to play were large and somewhat maze-like. During the first level, after a brief "walk to the right and punch guys" segment, you end up inside a burning building full of trapped people

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.794798
Retrieved Text: Did Avatar live up to expectations? Depends on how you frame it. It wasn’t the biggest opening ever in the history of cinema, though it was the biggest opening ever for a nonsequel, or for a movie with an original story (original as in “not based on a comic book or a novel, or remade from an older film,” that is, not as in “gee, we haven’t seen this plot at all before, have we?”). On the other hand, the inflation in ticket prices in recent years, not to mention the premium prices paid by most Avatar attendees to see the film in 3D or 3D IMAX, meant that attendance was not record-breaking. Then again, the snowstorm on the East Coast appears not to have depressed attendance as it looked like it might do: Avatar’s final numbers on Monday were up $4 million over the Sunday estimates, which means that on Sunday, it bounced back more than Saturday’s dramatically lower numbers were suggesting it would.
Worldwide, Avatar took in more than $241 million (even though snow hampered its U.K. debut, too), which is similarly the best ever for a film with no previously built-in fanbase.
Almost every other film this weekend — certainly the wide releases — suffered. The Princess and the Frog is already sinking fast, and will have a helluva time earning back its $105 million budget. Did You Hear About the Morgans? gave up before it even got started, and will all but disappear by this coming weekend. A Christmas Carol, at No. 7, dropped

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.696135
Retrieved Text: "Dunkirk" debut: "Dunkirk" won last weekend's battle at the multiplexes, but Hollywood is still losing the summer boxoffice war.
The PG-13 rated World War II action drama from Warner Bros., Canal+ and RatPac-Dune Entertainment opened Number One to $50.5 million at 3,720 theatres.
"Dunkirk" was the number one film internationally, per comScore, "opening to an outstanding $55.4 million on 10,775 screens in 46 overseas markets for a global combined total of $105.9 million."
IMAX, which played a key role in "Dunkirk's" global success, reported Sunday that the film did "nearly $19 million in a stunning performance on 634 IMAX screens in 44 markets. The widest IMAX release ever in North America on 402 screens, "Dunkirk" delivers $11.7 million IMAX boxoffice, a per screen average of almost $30,000, with IMAX screens laying claim to 18 of the Top 20 performing Domestic locations.
"Not to be outdone, 232 international IMAX screens yield over $7 million, a powerful per screen average of almost $31,000 and the third highest grossing IMAX opening weekend ever in July, both internationally and globally.
"India logs their biggest IMAX opening weekend ever, with the UK enjoying the biggest IMAX opening weekend of 2017 (and third highest 2D opening ever in the country)."
IMAX added that the film was shot "almost entirely with IMAX 70mm film cameras, clearly making iconic IMAX screens with our 15/70mm film projectors the best way to experience the movie. In fact, IMAX film screens are among the highest grossing screens globally, with the IMAX AMC Lincoln Square in New York and the IMAX British Film Institute

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.666712
Retrieved Text: Fox International executivessaid yesterday (11) the distributor passed $1bn in ticket sales this year,adding that further details would be released later this week.
Sci-fi thriller I, Robot, one of Fox International's key drivers in 2004, added anestimated $2.8m on 761 screens at the weekend for a $182.6m cumulative total.
The picture stayed top in Japan for the fourth consecutiveweekend, reaching $25m with a $2.2m weekend haul on 380 screens.
Elsewhere, the drama Man On Fire hardly set the UK box office alight,opening sixth on $1.2m on 295 screens. It fared better in Spain, opening insecond place on $1.6m on 300. Overall it added $3.5m on 943 internationalscreens for a $22m running total.
Comedies Dodgeball and Garfield grossed $3m on 1,960 for $42.4m and $2.1m on 1,726 for $111mrespectively.
The actionhorror Alien Vs Predator added $1.2m on 570 for $23.8m.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.604544
Retrieved Text: Movie Title Screens - Film Studio Logos: Title screens are the initial titles, usually projected at the beginning of a film, and following the logos of the film studio. They are often an ignored aspect of films, although they reflect the time period or era of the film, the mood or design of the film, and much more.
This collection includes the opening logos of the major film production companies or studios from their inception to the present. They have become some of the most recognizable images or brand distinctions ever created, usually appearing before the regular film titles of the movie release. The history of the evolving logos (or identities) for each studio has been fascinating to watch. Logos include snow-capped mountain peaks, a plane circling the globe, a roaring lion, a shield, a fairy-tale castle, a lady-liberty figure with a torch, and searchlights scanning the sky.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.431547
Retrieved Text: Description Hal's literally filled our screens recently on Have I Got News for You and Live at the Apollo. His daughters chose the title of his new stand-up show. He's now on a diet.
Opening times (12 noon - 9pm, Tues - Fri; 6pm - 9pm Sat & Sun).

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.378946
Retrieved Text: Who needs a barrel of monkeys when you have Splosion man?
Twisted Pixel, the guys who brought The MAW to our screens are coming back again with an even more bizarre title.
You get to play as Splosion Man who’s super secret super power is being able to explode, there hasn’t been much released about this game yet apart from the above trailer but what we do know is that there will be 50 single player levels and fifty 4 player co-op levels, which in itself is enough reason to pick this title up when it finally gets a release date.
I found The MAW to be an interesting concept that wasn’t fully realised and I am hoping that Twisted Pixel are simply going to build on that experience and deliver something that is truly fantastic play.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.314922
Retrieved Text: Sometimes screen damage isn’t noticeable from afar but up close you can see how the screen material has worn due to the elements. Take a moment to do an inspection of your window screens and screen doors to see what condition they are in. When you book a window cleaning with us we will always bring to your attention anything we think needs to be repaired or replaced.
Damaged screens not only are unsightly but any hole, rip or opening can allow pests an access point into your home. With summer fast approaching take a moment to inspect all your window screens and door screens. If you see visible damage or if your window screens appear to be brittle and worn or frayed, it’s time to get then replaced!
Your door and window screens are help together by a metal or wooden frame. Over time due to sun and environmental damage, these frames can erode and deteriorate; this is especially the case if you live near the beach. This deterioration causes your window screens and door screens to come loose and sometimes warp. In this case we recommend you replace the frames completely. You also have to replace the screen at this time if it’s in poor condition.
When we arrive at your home we always do a quick inspection of your window screens. We will point out any issues we see and give you options on how we can best handle them. Most of the time broken or severely damaged window screens can’t be cleaned and sometimes are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.27248
Retrieved Text: Bill Chinn from Mercenary Technology took to the EU Blog today to confirm the existance of The Amazing Spider-man on the Vita, which many of us had heard of already but it was welcome news nonetheless.
“With New York Comic Con just around the corner, I’m swinging by to let you know more about the upcoming PlayStation Vita release of The Amazing Spider-Man from Activision, a hand-held version of the original PlayStation 3 title.
For those of you new to the series, The Amazing Spider-Man takes place after the events of the movie and features a new, original story. It mixes all-out, freeform brawls and stealth-based, stalk-and-strike challenges with a fast-paced momentum that puts Spidey front and center in the action.
If you caught the game when it first swung around on PlayStation 3, you already know The Amazing Spider-Man gives you free reign over the isle of Manhattan, a bustling and beautiful open world teeming with sights to see, citizens to aid and colossal bosses to rip down.
The PS Vita release of The Amazing Spider-Man is a virtual playground in your pocket, maintaining that same spirit of the console edition while adding new energy through the Vita’s special features.
Tying it all together is the Web Rush system, slowing down time in a heartbeat and opening up a variety of superpowered combat and movement actions on-the-fly. That unparalleled sensation of soaring above New York, stringing up an unsuspecting thug with a Web Strike or somersaulting clear of an incoming attack feels even more natural now thanks to the responsive,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.228956
Retrieved Text: Disney’s most recent sequel Iron Man 3 took home over $175.3 million for its debut weekend in North America that was spread across 4,352 cinemas. It was the second best debut weekend ever behind just the $207.4 million that The Avengers posted a year ago, on the same weekend.
The film earned a healthy $41,218 per cinema and was helped immensely from the extra boost by the IMAX screens, which represented nearly $16.5 million of the movie’s opening weekend take.
Nearly 45% of the tickets sold were for the 3-D format. Just as with The Avengers, the new Iron Man 3 played to a broad range of demographics, but with a slight tilt toward older males.
Disney said that 25% of the audiences were 55 years or older, with 61% being male. Disney also said that 52% of all viewers at the movie were couples, while 27% were families and 21% teens.
The third version opened higher than the previous two, which is not too surprising as it arrived following The Avengers.
The film, with some positive word of mouth help, could end in the range of $400 million. However, it will be facing big competition in the next couple of weeks as Star Trek Into Darkness debuts along with the ever-popular Fast & Furious 6. However, most feel Iron Man 3 will take the top prize at the box office for the summer.
The movie’s international take stands at $504 million and has already passed Iron Man 2’s take of $331.5 internationally after only 12 days of being released.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.206942
Retrieved Text: Warner Bros. could have a historic weekend at the box office.
The studio finally has a universally acclaimed movie for its still young DC Comics Extended Universe ("Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," "Suicide Squad") with "Wonder Woman," which opens on Friday.
The movie, with its 93% Rotten Tomatoes rating (as of this writing), has already pulled in $11 million in Thursday night preview screenings domestically, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The studio projects a $95 million opening weekend, but others in the industry think it can surpass the $100 million mark domestically.
With the movie playing on over 4,000 screens, it definitely seems Warner Bros. is going for the gold.
Anticipation for the first female-focused superhero movie to hit the multiplex in years (and we're still trying to forget past efforts like "Elektra" and "Catwoman") may be enough for the movie, starring Gal Gadot as the iconic DC Comics superhero, to soar past projections.
(L-R) "Wonder Woman" director Patty Jenkins and star Gal Gadot.
And the movie is coming out at the perfect time as its only competition this weekend is fellow new release "Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie," which is catering to the kids audience, alongside holdovers like "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales" and "Baywatch," which didn't impress anyone when they opened to low numbers over Memorial Day weekend.
In that landscape, "Wonder Woman" director Patty Jenkins could take over the title of biggest all-time three-day domestic opening for a female director if she can pass Sam Taylor-Johnson's $85.1 million opening for 2015's "Fifty Shades of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.19223
Retrieved Text: We would like to find out a way both (or all three) of these elements can be grouped and centered for mobile and desktop.
If any additional info is needed, please don't hesitate to ask.
I inspected the HTML markup and I can see that there's no wrapper for price and add-to-cart form (button) and this makes things harder. Also keeping some consistency between different viewports can also be tricky, I was able to get couple of workarounds for you though.
As you can see, we need to set different margins per viewport width.
Again, some fine tuning should be made for smaller screens using this workaround, as top-botton margins and paddings are getting messed.
The most safe solution would be to have price in one row and add-to-cart button right after it, all centred to product title (that's the only workaround that's safe for all viewports).
I figured there wasn't really a 'perfect' fix for this issue, especially in regards to maintaining a responsive display. But the first solution seems to work pretty good. As always, thanks for your help!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.136269
Retrieved Text: I will never underestimate the box office power of Will Smith again. The indefatigable actor proved once more that he is the No. 1 movie star in the world, with an incredible $77.2 million opening for the sci-fi flick I Am Legend. Smith not only beat his own personal-best box office opening-day numbers ($52.2 million for 2004’s I, Robot), but Legend eclipsed Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King to become the highest-grossing December opener ever.
And I guess success begets success, because even 20th Century Fox’s stinker of a kid’s movie, Alvin and the Chipmunks, bowed to a whopping $44.3 million. Either mom and dad finished all the Christmas shopping early or they were desperate for some escapist entertainment. Either way, the Jason Lee-starring flick was the beneficiary.
The success of the two new arrivals undermined New Line’s The Golden Compass in its second weekend, causing the PG-rated fantasy film to drop a steep 65 percent. The film, which cost more than $200 million to make, has grossed slightly less than $41 million in the U.S. since it bowed ten days ago. Enjoy this one, kids, ’cause at this rate there’s no way New Line is going to get behind a sequel.
Rounding out the top five is Disney’s little engine Enchanted, which keeps on chugging after a month in theaters, with an additional $5.5 million and a total gross nearing the $100 million mark; and Miramax’s No Country for Old Men, one of the few Oscar contenders that has performed solidly at the box office,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.136086
Retrieved Text: And thanks to the creativity of BrickBro we got this adorable baby giraffe. Just like the proper African giant, this animal is entirely covered in distinctive coat patterns made with bricks, plates and even 1×1 tiles of just two colors, tan and brown. Upon closer inspection it’s easy to see that just like the author’s previous build — an elegant flamingo — this giraffe possesses a couple of unexpected building techniques. For instance, the lower part of its body is built with studs facing down.
I really hate to be “that guy”, but this title is very, very incorrect.
The title is a quote from A Man Without a Country.
@Henry oh dear…you were that guy – A Man Without a Country is a worthwhile read though.
I would agree to call it a spotted Lama (a cute one), since it has definitely the shape of one (legs,body,head), but besides the colors I don’t see the Giraffe in there.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.1151
Retrieved Text: We received a comment on the Plisse retractable door screens page today that included some great questions.
Often customers don’t quite get what makes our retractable screens different (and superior in our modest opinion) from those traditional spring-loaded retractable screens you see in the big box stores and being sold for twice the money from local screen dealers. In my response to Gary below I touch on a couple of these differences – and also mention some exciting news coming this summer!
Does the screen fabric remain ‘pleated’ when the screen door is closed? Or, does the screen fabric become taut when closed?
How does the pleated fabric seal top and bottom to keep insects (mosquitos or gnats) out?
When using a single screen for a double wide patio door (not sliding) – does the screen stop at the center when you let go of the handle, or does it continue to open?
How difficult is it to replace the screen material if damaged by a pet or grandchild?
Thank you for your great questions. When the screen door is retracted the screen fabric is pleated/folded away into the handle (aka housing). When the screen door is in use you pull the handle across the opening and it unfolds the fabric as you pull. When fully pulled across the opening the fabric will still have visible fold lines but the pleats will be stretched out. The fabric fits up into the top rail and down into the bottom rail to create a seal that very effectively keeps all sorts of bugs out.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.063839
Retrieved Text: Invisible screen doors are the perfect solution for showing off your beautiful doors and enjoying your spectacular views.
The Clear View Retractable Screen Doors are the only retractable screen door that doesn’t slam, and are custom measured and built specifically for your doors. There are 11 colors to choose from plus custom colors to match any décor. Retractable screens are easy maintenance, disappear when not being used and never need to be replaced. They are the perfect solution for beautiful doors and spectacular views. We have screens for single, double or French doors. In fact, we can screen an entire fold-away wall.
NO floor track to accumulate dirt, or fill with debris. When screening a folding door or wall, we install power screens above the opening so the entire opening is screened at the touch of a button.
NO floor track to stumble over. How many times have you caught your toe on that clumsy floor track? Not anymore.
NO tugging or pulling to open the screen. Conservatory Craftsmen invisible screens are manufactured with precision. Our invisible screens deploy and retract themselves smoothly and quietly with just a touch to your remote control.
NO bent frames or torn screens.
NO storage needed. Winter comes and the bird feeders go up right outside the patio door. Do you want to look at the birds through the door screen? I think not. With other screens, you have to find a place to store the screen until summer. What a hassle. Invisible screens are always there but you can’t see them.
NO limits on adaptability. Want

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.983257
Retrieved Text: The screens we have implemented so far appear and disappear immediately. That looks fine for some screens, but chances are good you will eventually want to add a bit more polish. In this lesson we will implement a couple more screens that animate onto and off of the screen. We will use a couple of different animations, and see how to continue in our flow after the animations complete.
Thanks to all the work we did creating our data models in the last lesson, we now have enough that we can continue on with the game flow into the setup screens. In this lesson we will implement two new screens. The first screen will determine the number of players, and the next screen is for configuring each player with a name and starter Pokemon.
Since this is a game for private and educational purposes only, I didn’t mind using copyrighted materials to play with. In this lesson I will show you where I found all of the assets used to create the game. It might be easiest to follow along with the same assets, although it isn’t required and you are free to use whatever you want.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.906542
Retrieved Text: Every year the Edinburgh Fringe is full of improvisation. However, there is nothing quite as original as Beardyman who, true to his title, creates a whole album using just his voice and a whole load of tech.
The premise of his show is to create an album based on audience suggestions – the kind of improve we’ve all seen. But Beardyman is a one man powerhouse and takes those suggestions to a whole new level.
After an initial celebration of his talent and a chance to get the audience onside, he’s away. Most tracks begin with a bit of beatboxing, which is pretty incredible to hear. His versatility is just as impressive as the skill – some of his noises sound synthetic, but it’s all live performance.
His music is built up through sampling. On stage with him is a keyboard, guitar, several screens and about a million wires. He is a virtuoso of modern tech, which in itself is exciting to watch.
The volume is a little unnecessary and the lighting extremely off-putting; a series of roaming spotlights over the audience that blind them every couple of seconds make it difficult to concentrate.
It is a very similar construct to his 2015 show, but this is no bad thing. Beardyman, apart from being absurdly talented, is funny. It’s like being invited to a spectacular jam session, and he isn’t afraid of admitting that one attempt hasn’t worked and starting again.
This show is loud and proud. You need at least an appreciation of modern music to enjoy this fully. What he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.904207
Retrieved Text: Echo has separate screen and shades for our overhead hatches. The shades are easy to use and work well to keep out the sun, but the screens are a real pain. The difficulty is that since the hatches hinge out and the screens are mounted inside, the only way to open and close the hatches is to remove the screens.
In order to close the hatch (the need for which normally occurs in the middle of the night in driving rain) you have to unlatch all the dogs, remove the screen, and the close the hatch. Opening is the reverse.
Mary and I first saw the Ocean Air units at the Annapolis Boat show last year. Although we were intrigued with the concept, we did not see a way to install the screens in our boat because our headliner has features that would prevent the frame from sitting flat.
Having now lived with the old set up for a couple of years, we began to give more thought to coming up with a way to use this product. We hit upon the idea of making frames to bridge the discontinuities in our headliner and provide a flat surface for the screens to attach.
With plan in mind, we talked to Vince at Ahoy Captain who is a stocking distributor and we ordered 3 units for our most often used hatches. Vince answered all our questions with good product knowledge and promptly shipped the units to our current base in Puerto Rico.
The first step was to fabricate the bridging trim out

================



======= Instance Index 2127 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see a basketball title screen. a man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: throws the ball and the racquet towards a goal.

Ending 2: is coaching as a teen makes basketball shots.

Ending 3: is playing at a racquetball court, i'm leaning forward, preparing to swing with the racquet.

Ending 4: bends so we can see his level.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.742231
Retrieved Text: OverviewA Basketball sim for the Gameboy.
Now you can add videos, screenshots, or other images (cover scans, disc scans, etc.) for Super Street Basketball 2 (Japan) to Emuparadise. Do it now!
If you haven't noticed yet, we have a retro game of the day feature (top-right of the screen) wherein we feature a new retro title every single day! Now, you can vote for your favorite games and allow them to have their moment of glory. Click on the button below to nominate Super Street Basketball 2 (Japan) for Retro Game of the Day.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.25972
Retrieved Text: Archive "Pin Down Basketball Plays"
Pin down basketball plays usually involve a post player setting a screen off the ball for a shooter or a wing player to get open for a scoring opportunity, although sometimes a wing can set a down screen for a post player. When playing against a very aggressive defense pin down screens can be used simply to get a catch and get into the offense.
As a basketball coach there are three important keys to running a good pin down play that you need to emphasize to your players.
First, the player using the screen must set their man up, and then read the defender when they use the screen. The reason why they must do this is because the defensive player may guard the screen several different ways. There are several different basketball shooting drills that we offer to work on these types of cuts.
Secondly, the person setting the screen needs to head hunt and set a great legal screen. After that they will open up to the ball and be an offensive threat. This will allow them to make the defense pay for over helping on the down screen.
Lastly, the basketball needs to get there when the player comes off the screen. If the player has to wait on the ball, then the defender is going to have time to recover.
All of these basketball plays are free and they come with clipped video of the actual play and written instruction breaking it down and what you should be looking for when you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.437578
Retrieved Text: This is a simple screen the screener baseline out of bounds basketball play, but if done the right way it can be very effective. If the shooter sets a really good back screen then his/her defender must decide whether they are going to help on back screen or stay with the shooter coming off the down screen. This basketball play, working the correct way, is all dependent on the offense setting good screens for each other. After the shooter comes off the down screen the player that set that screen needs to open up to the ball as well because they could get the ball if their man overextends out onto the shooter. It is all about reading the defense and taking what is open.
Play Goal: Get a layup off the back screen, shot for the shooter coming off the pin down, or a layup for the man opening up after the pin down screen.
Play Tips: This play only works if the players are willing to screen for each other. The better the back screen is the more open the shooter will be off of the down screen.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.169146
Retrieved Text: Flex basketball plays are normally run when you have a good big man or post player on the block. When the guard comes off the flex cut on the block it makes the defense decide whether they are gonna help on the cutter, or stay with the post player on the block. If they help on the cut then the big man can duck in, and get a deep post catch. However, if they don’t help then the cutter can get a catch right in the middle of the paint.
You can also have a wing set the flex screen, and then have them run off a down screen or space. The goal is to put the defense in a compromising situation where they have to communicate and will potentially break down and make a mistake.
All of our basketball plays are free, and come with video and text to help better understand and use the play. This will help you in being able to execute the play with your basketball team.
The ideal situation when running a flex play is to either have the cutter or the screener end up with a deep catch at the basket. However, the only way that this has a chance of happening is if there is a hard cut, and also a good screen. Without this, the defense is able to easily navigate the play and render it ineffective.
Another thing that is going to start happening is that the defense will start jumping the flex screen and cheating the play. When this

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.062826
Retrieved Text: The Texas Rangers Blog - TTRB: Check it out, TTRB is a member of the Baseball Bloggers Alliance!
Check it out, TTRB is a member of the Baseball Bloggers Alliance!
The good folks at the Baseball Bloggers Alliance have allowed little ole TTRB to join their ranks. It's got to be official, they sent me a logo and everything that I put up here on the left side of TTRB. And click here and you'll see TTRB listed as one of the blogs for your Texas Rangers. I think it's pretty cool. Thanks to the Baseball Bloggers Alliance letting us join their group.
Congratulations, my man!! Well deserved.
Watching Basketball and Baseball - split screen. Florida's baseball team might score more runs than its basketball team tonight.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.04992
Retrieved Text: This man to man is from the FastModel Sports Basketball Plays and Drills Library The site has thousands of drills and plays that have been submitted by basketball coaches from around the world.
This play was contributed by Adam Spinella Assistant Men’s Basketball Coach at Division III Dickinson College in Carlisle, PA.
The Atlanta Hawks run this action to get Al Horford or Paul Millsap open for a post-up situation.
The Double Rip action usually frees them up to establish very deep position.
Teauge (1) passes to Millsap (4) on the elbow, curls over him and sets a screen for Carroll (3) to come get the ball from Millsap (4) in a handoff.
Double Rip is set for Millsap (4) as Carroll (3) swings the ball to Horford (5), who steps out.
Teague (1) and Korver (2) set the Double Rip.
Screen-the-screener occurs as Carroll (3) sets a downscreen for Korver (2) to pop to the top of the key.
Teague (1) clears to the corner.
This play is from the FastModel Sports Basketball Plays and Drills Library The site has thousands of drills and plays.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.942907
Retrieved Text: Click through the slideshow to see some of the actors who attended the Yale School of Drama.
Best known for her performance as Tina Turner in the biopic "What's Love Got to Do With It" (1993).
Breakthrough role was playing Greta in the 1998 film, "High Art."
Role as title character in the HBO miniseries "John Adams" earned him a Golden Globe Award, a Primetime Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award.
Best known for his role in comedy TV show, "In Living Color."
Known for supporting roles in comedy films "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days" (2003) and "Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy" (2004).
Stars as Michaela Pratt in ABC's "How to Get Away with Murder"
Best known for roles in "The Best Man" and "Love & Basketball."
Best known for playing Sondra Huxtable on NBC's "The Cosby Show."
Known for his roles in the films, "The Color of Money," "Cool Hand Luke" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid."
Earned an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her breakthrough role in the 2013 film, "12 Years a Slave."
Best known as the host of Travel Channel's "Man v. Food."
Currently stars in the Showtime crime drama series, "Ray Donovan."
Best known for her roles in films "Kramer v. Kramer" AND "The Iron Lady," which earned her two of her three Academy Award wins.
Known for roles in the films "Do the Right Thing" (1989) and "The Big Lebowski" (1998).
Known for his role on TV series "Law and Order: Criminal Intent."
Known for her starring roles in box office hits "Ghostbusters" (1984), "Ghostbusters II" (1989)

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.885073
Retrieved Text: Choosing basketball plays for your team is one of the most critical decisions you’ll make as a coach. It’s essential to consider the skill and experience level of your roster, the strengths and weaknesses of your players, and the types of defenses you’re likely to face.
On this page, we’ll introduce several basketball offenses and provide some specific set plays that you can implement with your team. You’ll also learn some basic principles to successful offense, which should remain top of mind no matter what basketball plays you choose to run.
If you’d like to get on the fast track, make sure you check out our series of downloadable basketball playbooks.
No matter what basketball plays you run, it's critical for your players to understand the fundamentals and concepts for successful offense. Below, we've broken down 12 basic principles to help your team get better spacing, better ball movement and more high percentage shots - no matter what type of defense you're facing.
First off, you’ll want to figure out if you’re going up against a man to man, or a zone defense. Versus a man to man, you'll probably run a 3-out-2-in, 4 out or a 5 out set. Versus a zone, you'll probably want to score in transition, run a 1-4, or a zone offense.
How do you find out whether it’s man to man or zone? One way is by scouting. Watch your opponent play in advance and see what their go-to defensive set is.
Another way you can find out at anytime is by sending a cutter through

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.81944
Retrieved Text: Lady Buffs will have tough season opener at home against Hidden Valley on Nov. 28.
The Madras White Buffalos girls basketball program has high expectations and is ready to take another step forward with new coach Jerin Say. Say took over for Zach Lillebo this year and is going to implement his new system and style to fit the talented team.
"Expectations for us is to come together as a unit first and foremost," said head Madras girls basketball coach Say said. "The goals we have set are to come back, win a league title and compete for a state championship."
"We are learning a new system — whether it is a new press system or man-to-man principles — and new offensive principles, too," he said. "I watched a lot of film of this team last year and I think with our pressure defense, man-to-man defense, we are going to create a lot more havoc and turnovers. The team is going to have a lot more possessions and the more possessions we get, the more opportunities we have to score. We are going to feed off our defense this year."
The White Buffalos finished last year's season with a 22-3 record, but unexpectedly lost to Valley Catholic in the first round of the playoffs. In the last four years, former coach Zach Lillebo was named Tri-Valley Coach of the Year three times.
The Buffs will also be playing without three-time Tri-Valley Conference Player of the Year Lynden Harry, who graduated last year. The new group of upperclassmen still has the same

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.50873
Retrieved Text: 2K Sports has released screenshots of NBA Legends that will appear in their upcoming basketball title, NBA 2K13. Appearing among the Legends is Allen Iverson of the Philadelphia 76ers, available for the first time as a historic player. In these shots, the Legends are wearing the uniforms of the teams with which they built their careers. NBA fans can reminisce about a defining era for league while viewing these nostalgic action screens.
You may have noticed Patrick Ewing of the New York Knicks in the background of the Shaquille O’Neal screen, suggesting that we can expect to see more of our favorite Legends when this game launches on October 2nd for the PS3, PSP (yes, you read that correctly), Wii, Xbox 360, and PC. Stay tuned to PSNation for more coverage on NBA 2K13. Tell us who your favorite legend is in the comments section below.
Posted by: Emrah Rakiposki on August 30, 2012.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.43996
Retrieved Text: There was an Aggie miracle in Oklahoma City. The Aggie Men’s Basketball team entered the final 44 seconds against the University of Northern Iowa at a 12 point deficit. With only a 0.1 percent chance of pulling off a win to advance to the Sweet Sixteen, things were looking pretty bleak. It was deemed mathematically impossible for the Aggies to make a comeback. Then, in true 12th Man fashion, the Aggies pulled off one of the greatest feats in March Madness history. With less than a minute left the Aggies came back with shot after shot, preying on every mistake made by the Panthers. With just 1.8 seconds left of regular playing time, freshman guard, Admon Gilder, went for a layup to tie the game, sending the Aggies into overtime. After making the comeback of the century, Texas A&M pulled off a triumphant 92-88 win against Northern Iowa in double-overtime.
The Aggies ended their season in Anaheim, suffering a loss to the Oklahoma Sooners in the Sweet Sixteen 63-77. This rounded out a season for the books. The Texas A&M Men’s Basketball team had a phenomenal record this year, suffering only one loss at home and claiming a share of the SEC title. The Aggies started off the season strong, with four consecutive non-conference wins at home. Next, the Aggies took the Bahamas by storm in the Battle 4 Atlantis tournament. Texas A&M BTHO the University of Texas in the first round, sawing Varsity’s horns off with a score of 84-73. As a proud Aggie, there’s nothing

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.436039
Retrieved Text: Golden Network Asia has scored a slew of deals on Thai action title Fireball, including sales to the UK's E1 Group, France's Metropolitan and Germany's Splendid.
The fast-paced combination of martial arts and basketball also went to Spain's TOT Media, Greece's Strada Films, Brazil's Global Media, Turkey's Horizon International and Media International Pictures for the Middle East.
Golden Network has also sold the white-hot title to a slew of Asian territories including Japan (Hexagon Pictures), Korea (Noori Pictures), Malaysia (Golden Screen), Singapore (Innoform), Taiwan (Scholar Film), the Philippines (Parkit Films) and Vietnam (Tripar Multivision Plus).
Directed by Thanakorn Pongsuwan and produced by For Films and Bangkok Film Studio, the film stars Thai boxer 9 Million Sam and rock star Preeti 'Bank' Barameeanant, along with a host of actors and professional basketball and football players.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.398296
Retrieved Text: The title of this post was taken from the song Ordinary Day by Vanessa Carlton.
It was such a beautiful day! I can't believe it was almost 70 and it's the middle of January. Sebastian had a basketball game this morning. This is his first year playing but man is he getting good. I love watching the kids in their various sports. I took the kids for ice cream and then we took the kids to the library and the park. I picked up the book The Sixth Man by David Baldacci. I'm trying to get back into reading again. My attention span became crazy short after Mike passed. It was bad before that but, now it's way past horrible. The park was fun though and we took Jasper along with us. Here are a few pictures.
Tyler and Mikayla a few days ago. Mikayla is doing so well after her surgery. Love those girls!
Sebastian and I before his basketball game. I love that kid so stinkin much!!!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.22184
Retrieved Text: The most exciting basketball shooter with game changing power-ups!
Shoot hoops, earn gold and customize your pro basketball player! Travel around the world and dominate the court in ALL-STAR BASKETBALL.
Play online against real human basketball rivals including those on Android. Dominate the competition with your shooting skills & accuracy. Drop dimes and nail the swoosh shot all day long. Boost your score and light the ball on fire for big points in REAL-TIME!
The best looking basketball game on mobile with models designed and created by an artist from the Tekken series by Bandai Namco. Unique 3D environments created by an artist from DiRT by Codemasters. Console quality graphics in the palm of your hand!
Play online against others in real-time. We don’t use bots. When you connect, it’s to another live player! Can you handle the pressure and come out on top in a fast paced shootout?
Gear up like a basketball stars! Tons of customizable items for thousands of possible combinations. Win gold, unlock swag and new balls to show your personal baller style. Unlock power-ups to boost your score & stack them for insane point combinations!
Use your gold to unlock new basketball courts around the world. Exotic locations from South East Asia to the world famous Holcombe Rucker Park in New York City where some of the most famous NBA pros developer their basketball skills.
Thank you for playing our mobile basketball game, All-Star Basketball!
One of the best games I have ever downloaded if you want a fun entertaining basketball game download this. There are multiple locations to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.131266
Retrieved Text: This golden star theme is gold theme designed with gold stars on black&gold background shining gold light in starry night . It is very elegant gold theme with gold star weather widget and clock widget . The golden star theme also has black gold theme icon pack for 56 popular apps and black gold lock screen theme free . Hope you will love this black gold theme for business man to look rich and marvelous on android phone . Black gold theme for man who love gold shimmer . No matter you love skull theme or steam punk theme or technology theme . You will love this gold star theme in starry night . Twinkle twinkle little star, how I wonder where they are. Get the golden star theme free .
Support DIY wallpaper in gold theme center and basketball theme or football theme .
You can change as you wish any time white soul theme. New dark lava themes for you everyday including all types free gold butterfly theme and black gol themes . This is not gold applock theme or gold emoji keyboard theme. You need to install cm locker to apply as gold rose applock theme .
Require CM Launcher to apply this black gold theme . Install one launcher first. It does not support other launchers . You need to tap the “apply “ button to apply successfully .
Q: How to change into gold lock screen theme?
A: After you tap apply the elegant gold theme is used on your home screen . You need to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.108263
Retrieved Text: A former gangster fresh out of prison wants to change his life for the better and must save his 10 year old son whose already chosen a gang life.
Desperation drives four inner-city women to bank robbery in Los Angeles, then they start mistrusting each other.
Story of a promising high school basketball star and his relationships with two brothers, one a drug dealer and the other a former basketball star fallen on hard times and now employed as a security guard.
O2: What are you doing man?
O2: Never put your hands on a gun.
OK, my Mrs wanted to watch it for a few days but I thought it was going to be the usual muscle bound stuff which is synonymous with a Tyrese title. But was I wrong. The film captures you from the off with good sounds and fast moving filming. The story is predictable but enjoyable and left me with a nice taste in my mouth. Unfortunately it has taken Tyrese almost 20 years from his coke advert to finally make a film in which we see a little talent. In closing I was very happy because with a film like this you can only score on action but they were some strong roles (not award winning but there hasn't been much of that lately anyhow).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.063572
Retrieved Text: OverviewNBA Live is a Basketball Simulator with arcade-like gameplay, featuring Antoine Walker of the Boston Celtics on the cover.
Now you can add videos, screenshots, or other images (cover scans, disc scans, etc.) for NBA Live 99 (G) to Emuparadise. Do it now!
If you haven't noticed yet, we have a retro game of the day feature (top-right of the screen) wherein we feature a new retro title every single day! Now, you can vote for your favorite games and allow them to have their moment of glory. Click on the button below to nominate NBA Live 99 (G) for Retro Game of the Day.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.954617
Retrieved Text: The second edition of Faithful Servants has more content and the characters have more definition. It’s so nice, we had to do it twice!
Nehemiah Garvey is a man of faith and a high school basketball star in Newark, New Jersey. It’s the 1960s and the city has been torn apart by riots (or rebellions, depending on one’s perspective). Nehemiah wants to keep playing ball at Weequahic High School, where the talented Mickey Marcus is the coach. But Mickey is the only white basketball coach left in the city and many powerful figures in the black community would like to see him go. Nehemiah and Mickey undertake some basketball diplomacy to help turn Newark’s reputation around. Mickey keeps the reins and with Nehemiah leading the community on and off the court, the team launches a bid to win the consensus national title.
Little sets this fictional tale during the very real and turbulent events of the ‘60s, using Newark as a window into the changing demographics of urban areas across the country. Racism is rampant and, as Little demonstrates when his narrative jumps forward in time, it’s still a pressing topic today.
Decades later, Nehemiah and Mickey are still fighting to make Newark a peaceful city where blacks and whites have a fair chance for success and equal access to opportunity and fair housing. Little creates two admirable characters in Nehemiah and Mickey, and their multifaceted relationship is a high point of the novel. He also includes scores of excellent quotes from U.S. presidents, activists, and scholars of the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.881075
Retrieved Text: Here is one of the simple basketball plays that I like. It is simple and works well. It also has the ability to have options incorporated. It is called Line.
You start off with your shooting guard, small forward, on each wing and your power forward and center at the elbows. As the point guard brings the basketball up he will pass to one side. The big men on that side make some type of a v-cut and go to the low block looking for the pass.
If not the shooting guard is also making some form of a fake cut and goes baseline were the big man will set a screen for an easy shot.
While this is going on the other big man is coming across the lane looking for a pass. If nothing is open you then reset and start all over or go to another basketball play.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.86483
Retrieved Text: Before we see anything else, WWF President Jack Tunney appears on the screen and tells us that the WWF Intercontinental Champion Shawn Michaels has been suspended for not defending his title within thirty days. Therefore, the WWF had no choice but to vacate the Intercontinental championship. Next week, a 20-man battle royal will be held and the final two competitors will meet to determine a NEW WWF Intercontinental champion. Thirty days since his SummerSlam IC title defense would be September 29, but wrestling companies never could tell time. Shawn had actually quit the WWF around the same time as other unrelated suspensions such as the Steiner brothers and Doink the Clown. A bombshell has just been dropped, ladies and gents!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.804203
Retrieved Text: A young boy walked along a stretch of beach skimming shells into the waves, The boy noticed the distant figure of an old man. Curious to see what, the man was doing, he dropped his shells and ran through the sand.
As he approached, the boy noticed the man repeatedly stooping to pick up objects and throw them beyond the breaking surf. The boy also noticed that the sand was strewn with thousands of starfish, washed ashore by the out going tide.
The boy watched the man repeat his actions to returning starfish to the cool waters before the became lifeless, baked by the noonday sun.
“To make a difference,” replied the man.
The boy left the old man and thought about his words. As he walked along the -beach, once again alone, he began picking up objects – tossing them into the sea. However, instead of sea shells this time, they were starfish. The boy was returning them to their home.
He learned a powerful lesson that day. He discovered that he too could make a difference.
From our basketball poems file… We have more basketball poems, prose, basketball quotes, and inspirational articles in our FILING CABINET.
Fine counsel is confusing, but examples are always clear.
But there’s no misunderstanding how you act and how you live!
Welcome to our collection of Basketball Poems. We hope that you can find something that will serve as inspiration for you and your team.
“I’d Rather See a Sermon”–author unknown. A basketball poem emphasizing the power of example.
“Man (or Lady) on the bench“–author unknown is a tribute to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.750874
Retrieved Text: Hey guess what? It’s high school basketball season!
That kind of snuck up on you, didn’t it? Well it does that. But don’t worry – the first official practices are today, and the first games aren’t until mid-November. So you’ve got some time to adjust.
While you’re realizing that the awesomeness of high school basketball is coming (did I mention that I really enjoy covering basketball?), here are a few storylines to chew on.
We wrote about this a little bit last year, but three of the four New Hanover County teams have a true big man on the roster – and all have something to prove this season.
New Hanover’s Nigel Holley, who came up huge in the state title game by going toe-to-toe with Kennedy Meeks, arguably the top center in the country in his class. Hoggard’s Trevor Singleton showcased versatility through the season and fills a variety of roles for the Vikings. Ashley’s T.J. Williams already has his recruitment locked up, but does have possibly his best chance to lead the Screaming Eagles to a conference title.
New Laney coach Nathan Faulk is a native son, with a history of turning bad programs around. He’ll likely have a lot more talent to work with at Laney over the long haul than at South Columbus or at South View, but he’ll also have higher expectations. And the Bucs lost their two most critical pieces from last year’s team: Elijah Wilson and Kenny Grady. Wilson was a dynamic scorer, Grady was a slasher and a very good defender. Laney will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.705038
Retrieved Text: Home screen wallpapers is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. Home screen wallpapers is posted on the category Wallpaper For Your Home in the benishop.co website. This post of "home screen wallpapers" was published on 17-04-2018 by paul and has been viewed 546,388 times.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Home screen wallpapers can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
Cool home screen wallpapers is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 29-06-2018 by jonshon. Image source: bank-review.info. Click on the title to see more..
Cool home screen wallpapers is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 15-05-2018 by paul. Image source: bank-review.info. Click on the title to see more..
Trendy cool home screen wallpapers is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 15-06-2018 by jonshon. Image source: wallpaperpa.com. Click on the title to see more..
Cool home screen wallpapers 68 images is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 23-01-2018 by dave. Image source: getwallpapers.com. Click on the title to see more..
Cool home screen wallpapers 68 images is posted in the category Cool Home Wallpapers and published on 07-05-2018 by admin. Image source: getwallpapers.com. Click on the title to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.687069
Retrieved Text: During the I PROMISE School design process, the first priority was clear: it needed to be an innovative environment conducive to collaborative and creative learning.
With the magic of Hollywood seemingly a million miles away, LeBron recently brought a big screen experience to his I PROMISE students with an exclusive premiere of his new animated movie “Smallfoot..."
I can’t believe it, but the Playoffs are here.
Man, we were back home for a week but it only felt like I got to spend a day in Akron.
Hey guys! Thank you so much for that awesome video you guys made for me..
At 2 o’clock, they were in school. By 4 o’clock, they were at the North Pole. How did they do it?
Fittingly, for the past six years the start of the holiday season for LeBron and the Foundation has coincided with the Akron Children’s Hospital Holiday Tree Festival..
LeBron gleefully peered up from his phone and in-progress Instagram video as he slowly sank back into his leather seat.
As though he was amongst long-time friends, LeBron stood at the front of the board room’s long oak table and spoke from his heart.
What do giant pinball machines, sky diving basketball and a bull-ride fueled by fire have in common?
A raucous standing ovation erupted as John Hunter and Kendra Jones proceeded to the front of the packed Akron Public Schools board room.
How is everybody feeling? We’re deep in the school year now.
How are all of my I PROMISE All-Stars doing? I miss you guys.
The bright lights, high-energy, and unique experience of All Star weekend

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.680416
Retrieved Text: The traditional man-to-man defense is by far the most common defense in the game of basketball today.
This is especially true as players progress to a higher level of competition. In fact, due to the great outside shooting of professional players, every NBA team almost exclusively plays man-to-man defense.
The man-to-man defense involves all 5 defensive players on the court being allocated one opposition player who they’re accountable for defending whenever they’re on defense.
Of course, there will be times when players switch opponents or help each other on defense, but for the most part, each player is responsible for one player from the opposition.
Learning to be a great man-to-man defender is perhaps the most important skill for a player to learn during their years of youth basketball.
No matter what defense a player goes on to play at the next level or on another team, the skills they learn playing man-to-man defense will transfer. Unfortunately, the same can’t be said for players that solely learn zone defense.
If you’re coaching youth basketball, taking the time to teach your team man-to-man defense will go a long way to preparing them for the next level.
1. Every player needs to learn man-to-man defensive principles – It’s crucial that all youth players develop good man-to-man habits and understand man-to-man defensive principles.
2. Many Variations – There are many different ways to run your man-to-man defense depending on the team you’re playing against and what the strengths and weaknesses of your team are.
3. Preparation for future basketball – The better players get at man-to-man defense during

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.675846
Retrieved Text: Old web head now does whatever a spider can on two screens at once.
Nice graphical effects; large levels to explore.
Control felt sluggish; Boss mini-games break up the action.
Activision stopped into our office the other day to give us a little more hands-on time with its DS launch title, Spider-Man 2. One might expect a movie licensed launch title to be of questionable quality, but if the first couple stages are any indication, this could actually end up being one of the better games initially available for the DS.
The bulk of the game is played on the DS's top screen, where you lead Spidey though an old fashioned 2D action game. Well, maybe not as old fashioned as you might expect. Much like Namco's Klonoa series, Spider-Man 2 utilizes a "2.5-D" perspective (man, do I hate that term). Basically, the game is full 3D, but instead of letting you wander freely, the game plays like a side-scroller. The slickness of this effect is shown off early in the game as you guide Spider-Man along the street. After walking a block or two, the entire background rotates, giving the illusion that Spidey has just turned a corner despite the action never leaving the 2D plane.
Spidey has a library of moves available at the touch of a button, err, screen.
The stages that I got a change to play were large and somewhat maze-like. During the first level, after a brief "walk to the right and punch guys" segment, you end up inside a burning building full of trapped people

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.61253
Retrieved Text: If you are a fan of basketball, you should be able to assign a face to the name James Harden. Tall, menacing, minimal facial hair; he’s the complete package. James Harden plays for the Houston Rockets and in short, when he’s on the court they are a rather exceptional basketball team. When James is on the bench, the Rockets are bad. This seems like a pretty convincing argument to give him the MVP award now, right? Harden also averages 34.2 points per game and is currently making history with the most consecutive 30+ point games in NBA history. It’s no secret this man’s a beast. However, would you believe me if I told you this man has two moves? Well, James Harden has two moves.
I turn on my television to the ESPN section and headlines clutter the screen reading “James Harden is unguardable” and “James Harden is the best offensive player in basketball.” I am somewhat stunned by these. James is pretty good at basketball. He might even be really good at basketball, but I don’t want to go crazy with my opinions. The facts, though, reveal that James Harden’s two moves are his signature step-back three point shot and shooting free throws. Starting with his step-back, Harden very literally takes a step back and shoots the basketball. Is he your MVP yet? This move is deemed unguardable. Additionally, Harden more than occasionally gets a little wild with his steps and commits a travel (more than two steps after picking up the dribble). Is he your

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.547617
Retrieved Text: 3 wins & 15 nominations.
While basketball is used as the backdrop for the movie, Coach Carter really isn't about basketball. The real heart of the movie is in the way Coach Carter begins to turn the lives around of the players on his basketball team by showing them that someone actually cares about what happens to them after high school.
At one point in the movie Carter (played perfectly by Samuel L. Jackson) asks a player why he plays basketball and he responds with "to win the state title" - which of course gets him high fives from the rest of the team. Carter then asks the team who won the state title last year and nobody knows the answer. Carter tries to show his players that high school basketball is not about winning but about discipline, respect and the confidence to accomplish any goal.
If you are thinking about going to see Coach Carter as a basketball movie, I suggest seeing another movie, but if you want to see a truly inspiring story go see Coach Carter.
Director Thomas Carter made another high school movie before this, Save the Last Dance (2001).
Kenyon Stone: Coach thinks I can play basketball and still get into college.
Kyra: So what are you saying? You want out?
The Paramount logo flickers and for a brief moment, you see the logo as drawn with a pencil in a notebook.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.536396
Retrieved Text: Basketball is one of those engaging team sports many of us spend good money on to watch, train, and play. Its benefits – just like any physical activity, game, or hobby – are endless. Playing basketball competitively and regularly even develops our mental health and strengthens our immune system, according to Health Fitness Revolution. In hindsight, these are just some of the reasons why the sport continues to grow in popularity throughout the world, which is also why it’s no wonder gaming companies see it as a desirable and viable marketing tool.
Other than multi-million dollar sponsorships from the likes of Nike, Adidas, and Under Armour, professional players in the National Basketball Association or the NBA, are immortalized in video games. For one, companies enjoy massive sales as reflected by Sporting News’ report on the rankings of the top selling sports video games. In the article, the ever-popular NBA 2K franchise sits at the number two spot, behind EA Sports’ FIFA series (soccer) – which, by the way, still remains the most popular sport in the world. It’s a given that basketball video game titles are actually playable on consoles such as the PlayStation and Xbox, but what about other electronic gadgets for the common man?
On a smaller scale, mobile and online games also present a good platform for basketball. The sport’s dynamics can easily be adapted to smartphones’ undersized screen, as seen in the relative success of the classic arcade game, NBA Jam, on both iOS and Android. In terms of the operational aspect, gaming PCs

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.524755
Retrieved Text: The Odyssey 2 was a very interesting gaming/computer machine in its day but still, you're only as good your games, eh? There are 9 reviews here in total.
This is clearly a Space Invaders clone on the Odyssey2 and it sounds like a fairly cool game at first but this washed out version has weak sounds, the game play is way too quick, and super blocky looking aliens are very boring. It's possible you can survive after being shot but only if you have one of the barriers left, if you don't you're screwed. This game doesn't deserve the name 'plus' in the title let alone the word 'invaders'.
Find Alien Invaders Plus on eBay here!
Here is another one of Magnavox's combo packages but I couldn't imagine two sports games more different then Bowling and Basketball? So how are the games? Bowling doesn't have the right pin physics after a good hit and Basketball is strictly one on one only. The graphics don't hold up to well since the pins are nothing more then a bunch of boring white squares and the basketball players don't have any animations when they move. I know this was made in the 70's but c'mon! Even if you are a fan of these sports it's a good idea to avoid this.
Find Bowling/Basketball on eBay here!
Just imagine a Soccer/Foosball game with some of the most limited set of control for a sports video game ever. This game is just another Pong interpretation and it's cool that the players spin here but that's the

================



======= Instance Index 1386 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A woman is using an iron on a board. she... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: uses it to flatten small squares on the board.

Ending 2: then grabs one of the grids and starts piecing it together.

Ending 3: shaves the sides of her face.

Ending 4: is showing how to iron baby clothes.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.742529
Retrieved Text: Senior competition: Surf Swim, Board race, Ski race, 2k beach run, 90 sprint, RTR, Taplin, Sprint relay, Board Rescue, solo Iron during Taplin. All relays will be mixed.
Come out and compete at the most challenging competition yet and see if you have the stamina to win that cash prize in the eliminator challenges!
Come out to watch and volunteer!
Come to learn about the sport of lifesaving!
Come out to see your local lifeguards and aspiring lifeguards test their skills in the water and on the beach.
Registration is due Tuesday July 15th or it will be double the fees!
Or go for the deal and get all events, both days for $40!
16 Years & Up: The Town of Saugeen Shores and the Saugeen Shores Lifesaving Club are hosting the 3rd Annual Sunset Competition. The competition and events have been sanctioned by the Lifesaving Society. The competition will be using ILS Competition Manual for all events. For the Canadian Iron Guard we will be using the Canadian Competition Manual. Events: Canadian Iron Guard, Board Race, Surf Ski Race, Rescue Tube Relay, Board Rescue Relay, Ocean Man/Ocean Woman Relay, Surf Swim, Beach Run 2km, Beach Flags. Held at the Port Elgin Main Beach.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.631968
Retrieved Text: A county prosecutor disagrees with city officials, saying in a report that the shooting was not legally justified and that the officer came ready to open fire.
A Utah police department has cleared an officer who opened fire on a woman in June after threatening to shoot her as she paced around holding a screwdriver and verbally taunted officers.
But a county prosecutor had a different interpretation — that the shooting was not legally justified and that the officer came ready to open fire.
Police body camera video, obtained by NBC News, depicts Cpl. Jeremy Dunn of the Enoch City Police Department responding to the scene of a burglary call on June 28 and coming upon a woman refusing to drop a screwdriver as another male suspect stood near her side.
The woman, Ivonne Casimiro, is seen in the video repeatedly telling officers to “go ahead, blow,” as they aimed their guns at her.
“You come at me with that knife, I guarantee I’ll smoke ya,” Dunn told the woman.
After two failed taser attempts to subdue Casimiro, Dunn aims his gun at her. She raises the screwdriver in her right arm and starts to take a step with her left leg. That’s when Dunn squeezed off three rounds at Casimiro’s legs.
Investigators said Casimiro was treated by paramedics after being struck twice in the knee. She was later treated and charged with assault on an officer and having a stolen vehicle, NBC affiliate KSL reported.
"She is not pointing the screwdriver at the officers, nor does she appear to be threatening them, although

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.587803
Retrieved Text: ← Queen Margaret’s Gold Dress early 15th c.
Viking iron and ironing board!
Ok, so its not an iron and polishing board is a more appropriate term than ironing board, but they are for smoothing, pleating and polishing linen.
These form part of the grave goods from a Viking era burial of a wealthy woman at Birka, in Sweden. The board is carved whalebone and the smoother is made from glass. They can be seen, along with other exquisite items from her grave, on display at the Museum of National Antiquities in Stockholm (Historiska Museet), Sweden.
The Romans used smooth lumps of glass for pressing linen too.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Birk Burial, Historiska Museet, Stockholm, Viking. Bookmark the permalink.
1 Response to Viking iron and ironing board!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.25261
Retrieved Text: Good iron | ConductDisorders - A soft place to land for battle weary parents.
Discussion in 'The Watercooler' started by Nomad, Aug 12, 2016.
i use to have either a big pile of items to iron or give up and pay through the nose and take them to the dry cleaner. Now, my housekeeper does a few things and I do a few things...I'm happily ironed...without spending a lot of money.
Our housekeeper goes to a house that has one that was over a thousand dollar!?!?! WTH. Bought in Sweden or something. Ok, that is never going to happen. Never.
I go mine years ago at Walmart and it is "so so."
But, I'm looking for an upgrade. Does anyone know of a good iron ? One that gets really hot if you want it very hot? Does steaming too if you want? One that turns off if you accidentally leave it on? I think it's time for a new one. Looking for a very good iron, an upgrade, good quality!
I use a steamer and have been using it for years now - quicker and easier - stream as you go!
I actually have a steamer. Never used it. Maybe I should try it. Sigh. I thought I would use it on big and bulky items like jackets or sweaters. But i haven't had the need.
Rowenta...I used it when I sewed and made clothing.
People still use those things????
Wow, learn something every day!
My mom bought a Rowenta a couple of years ago when she was taking a sewing class and wanted an upgrade

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.96571
Retrieved Text: Sumi Sevilla Haru, who served as interim president of the Screen Actors Guild in 1995, has died. She was 75.
Haru became a SAG member in 1968 and joined AFTRA in 1972. She served as a national board member for both throughout the years, and was the first and only woman of color to serve as interim president of SAG. She was elected to a two-year term as a member of the national board to the merged SAG-AFTRA in 2013.
In 1995, she became the first Asian Pacific American to hold the position of national vice president of the AFL-CIO, a role she filled for six years. In 2009, SAG honored her with the Ralph Morgan Award, which was given for distinguished service to SAG’s Hollywood Division.
Haru was the author of the 2012 memoir Iron Lotus: Memoirs of Sumi Sevilla Haru. She was born in Orange, N.J.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.581701
Retrieved Text: Movie Dear Zindagi: The woman finds many problems in her life and fell stressed.
She attends counselling sessions to get the answers to her problems.
The counselor (actor), an unconventional thinker, helps her solve problems with good reasoning.
It helps the woman to know the actual cause of the problems and gains a new perspective in life.
Lets assume – Women (compared to men) have more problems in life; So what can be the cause?
Medically, Hemoglobin range for Woman is 12.0 to 15.5 whereas for Man it is 13.5 to 17.5.
Less Hemoglobin means less Iron in blood. In General, Iron in Woman is lesser than Man.
Iron is an important nutrient for brain.
As per WHO, Iron Deficiency is the most common and widespread Nutritional disorder in the world.
Just like Iodized Salt or Multi Grain Wheat, it is possible to design iron rich product.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.535475
Retrieved Text: The Ideal Diet of the Pregnant Woman | Ayurvedic Homemade Remedies for Common Illnesses which can be treated at home.
Diet for the pregnant woman is a very important consideration. Let alone women, even men in our country are quite ignorant about the ideal diet. Since they have much less idea about what is the proper diet, they-together with the so-called ‘seasoned’ ladies-feed the pregnant woman with the wrong diet. The old concept of providing extra vitality to her body by means of the ghee-filled food is total bunkum. It should be the aspiration of every mother-to-be to give birth to a perfectly healthy baby. In order to fulfill this aspiration, it is essential for her to safeguard her own health also since the development of the baby in the womb depends to a larger extent on the diet of the mother. The expectant mother should ensure that her diet is adequate both in quality and quantity to satisfy the nutritional requirement of the baby as well as of her own self.
As hinted earlier for maintenance of health and strength, a woman needs additional quantities of proteins, iron, calcium and the B group vitamins in particular. Thus her requirement exceeds to that of a normal female body. She should take care to include cereals, pulses, leafy vegetables, milk and milk products, as well as seasonal fruits in her everyday diet. Together with it, she must ensure that she is assimilating the nourishment fed to her body. She must see that the quantity of food should be appropriate

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.03987
Retrieved Text: THE HUM of washing machines at North Hill Laundromat will be drowned out by The Ironing Maidens. Electronic music duo Patty Preece and Melania Jack have turned the humble ironing board and iron into instruments. “It started when we were talking about the 50’s in general and looking at what was going on in terms of technology,” Melania Jack said. “I was cutting together footage of a woman banging an ironing board with an iron to music and I thought – I wonder if we could do that. “So we developed the irons into instruments.” The Ironing Maidens started four years ago when Ms Preece was producing for Ms Jack – who was creating acoustic music at the time. The duo toured Europe before coming back for their first Australian tour. Creating electronic music is an entirely different process, Ms Jack said. “Before when I was personally writing songs it was about how I was feeling and how I could express that,” Ms Jack said. “Whereas with The Ironing Maidens it’s much more specific. “Some of the topics we touch on are around domestic labour and it’s place in history. “The songs also play homage to female electronic producers themselves.” The gimmick is, in a way, a feminist statement for the pair. Ms Jack said they had noticed a lack of women in the industry. “We think it’s very important for women to be celebrated for the impact they have on the industry," she said. “They deserve to be acknowledged and known about – because the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.788109
Retrieved Text: The birth doula offers help and advice regarding coping techniques such as breathing, relaxation, movement, and positioning. She also comforts the woman with touch, hot or cold packs, beverages, warm baths and showers, and other supportive measures, regardless of a woman's choices for medication. She assists the woman and her partner to become informed about labor and their options. Perhaps the most crucial role of the doula is providing continuous emotional reassurance and comfort for the entire labor. A good doula never projects their own values and goals onto the laboring woman- on the contrary! We want you to use your voice and have all of your choices heard, respected, and validated.
A birth doula is on call for your birth from day of hire. This gives you a chance to call and speak with your doula whenever you need, and guarantees someone will be available for your delivery, even if it is early or late. A doula is a non-judgmental support person who respects your choices and decisions.
Does This Support Replace My Doctor?
A doula is also different than your medical team- she cannot provide medical advice, but can provide you with resources and reminders to ask appropriate questions. Your care provider takes care of your medical and physical health, whereas a doula will strive to take care of your family’s emotional well being.
Doulas of Prince George's County wants you to feel in charge of your birth and postpartum experience. Childbirth, Newborn Care, and Breastfeeding Support classes pave the way for you to expand your knowledge while

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.719666
Retrieved Text: It’s a resounding yes, from the Mendocino County Board of Supervisors for staff to start drawing up an ordinance to ban cultivating, processing or manufacturing cannabis and cannabis-based products using genetic engineering techniques, in other words, no GMO. Supervisors John Haschak and Ted Williams are sponsoring the idea. The board also asking the county’s attorney to draw up a moratorium option for the next board meeting to suspend the processing or manufacturing of GMO weed so it’s permanently banned in the county. The move could also mean small farmers in Mendocino County have an edge to compete against bigger marijuana companies and corporations across the state.
A man in Redwood Valley’s arrested after a domestic dispute. Apparently a woman told a friend to call 911 on her behalf so cops respond Tuesday afternoon and say they were told a man was chasing the victim down the street. The woman went up to the approaching deputies and heard Beau Brown and his wife, the victim were in an argument that got heated and Brown threatened he would hurt the woman and shoot all of the animals on their property. He also gathered a bunch of the woman’s personal items and lit them on fire outside. She took off and he chased her and rammed her car and she crashed. She was able to get away. Deputies arrested Brown after the wife also said he had multiple weapons for hunting. A SWAT team reported near their home and got the guy. He was held on $30,000 bail for assault

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.62368
Retrieved Text: A Chitungwiza woman is battling for life at Chitungwiza hospital after she was allegedly assaulted severely by her husband following a dispute over ownership of a house alleged to have been built by the woman.
When ZBC News crew visited Chitungwiza hospital where the woman, Rosemary Chale, is receiving treatment, she was groaning in pain, but managed to explain her ordeal to the media.
ChaleÂ who is an employee at Steel Waters alleges that she was assaulted following a dispute in which the husband was allegedly forcing her to change ownership of a stand she bought using her own money.
She says she was willing to change ownership only if they had entered into a registered marriage, but the husband, a marriage officer by profession, is alleged to have been reluctant to do so.
Journalists from the various media houses had to run for their lives after the suspect, Gorden Tsuro hired a gang that threatened the scribes with unspecified action if they went ahead to publish the domestic violence story.
The journalists had visited his Chitungwiza home to get his side of the story.
49 year old Gorden Tsuro who is employed as a marriage officer at the Registrar Generalâ€™s office, is reported to have assaulted his 41 year old wife, Rosemary on the 16th of this month following a dispute over the ownership of a house.
The incident comes barely a week after Wallen Chiwawa; a lawyer from the Attorney Generalâ€™s office is alleged to have assaulted his wife, burnt her with a hot iron and allegedly raped her.
Meanwhile, police spokesperson,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.58638
Retrieved Text: Sold by thecandidcow an eBay Marketplace seller. Home Intuition Over The Door Iron Board Holder Wall Mount with Heat Resistant Iron Rest for. Home Intuition Over The Door Iron Board Holder White. Turn on search history to start remembering your searches. Organize your laundry room with the Wall Mount Ironing and Board Holder. Shop Wayfair for the best wall mount iron holder. Safely and securely holds iron easily mountable to wall or door. This convenient salon appliance holder is designed to store and organize blow dryers heat irons straightening irons curling irons hot combs and other accessories Both space saving and portable it can be wall mounted unhooked and moved where needed throughout your salon as a tabletop caddy or brought to client meetings to create a professional workspace. Hanging Tool USA. The plastic ironing board holder can be mounted to a wall using the included. Designed with safety in mind Made of heat resistant metal to ensure safe storage of a still warm iron the Wall Mounted Iron Rest and Hanging Ironing Board Holder Gray Ironing Accessories FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible Happy Wall Mirror.
Spectrum Diversified Designs LLC Spectrum Diversified Spectrum 00 Wall Mount Ironing Board Holder with Large Storage Basket Holds Iron Board Spray Bottles Starch Fabric Refresher for. The Minky Iron Holder is made from a special thermoplastic which can withstand high. Home Intuition Over The Door Iron Board Holder Wall Mount And Organizer.
Skip to main content. Designed with safety in mind Made of heat resistant metal to ensure safe storage of a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.51376
Retrieved Text: The Iron Lady stands more as a celebration of Meryl Streep, arguably one of the finest actors we have today. She acts with her eyes, whether she plays an old woman distraught with dementia, or a powerful, long-standing politician. As a biopic, however, the film falls flat without a tone or a message. It’s a mere play of facts with no binding thread. Watch the film for Streep alone.
Ever since I saw the trailer of The Iron Lady, I couldn’t imagine anyone else but Meryl Streep play Margaret Thatcher. In my head, with whatever little knowledge I had about the politician, I thought it was brilliant casting, to get someone as able as Streep to play an ambivalent character as hers.
This thought stayed with me after I walked out of watching the film. I struggled to place Thatcher’s real face. All I could think of, was this one shot of Streep as Thatcher with her husband Denis Thatcher (played by Jim Broadbent), as they stand behind a podium, dressed in blue, with their hands held up together in victory. Streep sold me the visual picture.
Using flashbacks as its main narrative device, The Iron Lady traces Thatcher’s journey from an unknown British woman who went to oxford, and slowly, through the course of her marriage and twins, finds her way into politics. We whisk through her accomplishments, through a series of montages.
We also periodically keep intercutting to the present day, where we see an older Thatcher, battling with dementia, as she has make-believe conversations. We are shown

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.43091
Retrieved Text: LOS ANGELES, April 30, 2014 / You might do a double take when glancing at the cover of the May issue of Iron Man Magazine Sweden. Most people would be shocked to see that the fitness cover model is a doctor; a surgeon in fact. With six pack abs, Dr. Cat Begovic is featured on the cover next to the caption "The Modern Superwoman". She is a double board certified plastic surgeon with an impressive resume that includes graduating with honors from Harvard University and medical school from UCLA. She also completed two surgical training programs at UCLA. Her photos, including those in a 12-page feature article may finally convince even the biggest skeptics that beauty and brains can co-exist.
The interview also reveals many of the challenges Dr. Begovic faced as a woman in a predominately male dominated field on her path to becoming a successful Beverly Hills plastic surgeon. Of the 8521 board-certified plastic surgeons in the country, only a little over 850 are women. She recalls early on in her life being told that she shouldn't "waste her looks by being a doctor" or that "women have no place in the operating room" by other male doctors. However, this only motivated her to strive even harder for success. As a now established Beverly Hills plastic surgeon, she feels that being a woman now helps her in many ways, especially when it comes to relating to her female patients. As a plastic surgery patient herself, a published fitness and glamour model, as well as a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.3923
Retrieved Text: NEWARK - Attorney General Christopher S. Porrino and the Division of Consumer Affairs today announced that the State Board of Nursing (the "Board") has temporarily suspended the certification of a Middlesex homemaker-home health aide accused of using the personal information of a 91-year-old client, in an attempt to open a line of credit in the woman's name last fall.
Alica Romancakova, 44, is charged with wrongful impersonation and attempted credit card fraud for allegedly applying online for a $12,500 line of credit using the personal information of a woman for whom she was providing in-home care.
In an Interim Consent Order with the Board, Romancakova agreed to the temporary suspension of her Certified Homemaker-Home Health Aide ("CHHA") certification pending the resolution of the criminal charges against her, at which time additional disciplinary action may be taken.
"Families who hire certified home health aides to watch over their loved ones must have assurances that the caregivers they allow into their homes are trustworthy professionals, not thieves looking for easy marks," said Attorney General Porrino. "To provide this peace of mind to families, we will continue to keep vigilant watch on our home healthcare professionals and weed out any certified home health aides who do not live up to the responsibilities and trust placed in them."
"By temporarily suspending the certification of this CHHA, the Board has taken immediate action to ensure that she will not be allowed to enter patients' homes while these very serious charges are pending," said Steve Lee, Director of the Division of Consumer Affairs. "Protecting the welfare

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.343908
Retrieved Text: Choose from the V003 PRO or V002 GO model. Both are constructed using strong, lightweight aluminum. Great for home and travel. Both are constructed using strong, lightweight aluminum. Great for home and travel. …... Ski and board wax is applied with a hot iron and a good wax iron is a great investment if you plan on waxing your gear regularly. Wax irons have a fairly narrow temperature band, don?t get as hot as a clothes iron and are better at maintaining a consistent temperature.
26/02/2014 · The wax can also be applied without an iron by just rubbing the wax on the skin. For longer lasting waxing, use an iron. For longer lasting waxing, use an iron. Category how to become a certified fraud examiner Ski and board wax is applied with a hot iron and a good wax iron is a great investment if you plan on waxing your gear regularly. Wax irons have a fairly narrow temperature band, don?t get as hot as a clothes iron and are better at maintaining a consistent temperature.
Do You Need A Waxing Iron For Snowboard Waxing?
Ski wax is a material applied to the bottom of snow runners, including skis, snowboards, and toboggans, to improve their coefficient of friction performance under varying snow conditions.
14/10/2009 · Looking for a waxing iron for $80 or less. Want to start waxing my own skis. Have used a sucky little travel iron in the past to wax in the kitchen on newspapers.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.343271
Retrieved Text: CASPIAN—At least for the time being, the Caspian Community Center will remain standing.
IRON RIVER—The Iron River Crafts and More Bazaar and Farmers’ Market will be held on Saturdays through Oct. 3 in the parking lot next to Kentucky Fried Chicken.
CRYSTAL FALLS—The annual U.P. Strongman Competition, taking place on Saturday, Aug.
IRON RIVER—The preliminary examination in the case of an Iron River woman accused of homicide in the death of a three-month old girl moved to its completion June 4 in Iron County Trial Court.
CRYSTAL FALLS—The Crystal Falls Community Library will host a teddy bear picnic from 10-11 a.m. on Thursday, June 18.
Most valuable players during the 2014-15 school year at Forest Park were recognized at the annual sports awards banquet, held May 21.
As part of a trout in the classroom project, Forest Park science teach er Erich Ziegler and his students reared trout in their classroom and then released them in May.
IRON RIVER—A week ago, an iconic Iron River summer event looked doomed. But things can change quickly in a week.
IRON RIVER—The Upper Peninsula Championship Rodeo Board and Aspirus have announced a partnership in efforts to extend the U.P. Championship Rodeo into its 48th year.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.332579
Retrieved Text: Do you wish you had beautiful curls, but don’t want to spend the time it takes to curl them with heat? This woman has the perfect solution. Start with your hair fresh out of the shower. Then add a product that is a heat protectant spray, though no heat is needed. This woman demonstrates just how easy it is to create a curly haired look without spending too much time on it.
She adds a couple of other products for shine and to keep the frizz down. She smooths it from the roots down and combs though her hair to evenly distribute the product. She then places a t-shirt on the bed and lays her head down on it to wrap the t-shirt around the base of her neck and pulling it around the head using the sleeves to tie down the shirt that will make a turbin.
This will protect the curls while sleeping and the hair naturally dries overnight. When she removes the shirt in the morning, she has beautiful curls that cascade down her back. She says there may be only slight touch ups to do with the curling iron around the face. What a simple way to have a beautiful hairdo that looks like you spent hours and hours curling it.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.16078
Retrieved Text: Bakhar Nabieva is a famous fitness model and weightlifter. She is famous for her well-developed legs and got the title “Miss Iron Bum”.
Bakhar Nabieva was born on April 8, 1994, in Baku, Azerbaijan. Now girl lives in Dnipro in the east of Ukraine. In fact, the girl is in the sports for a long time - she always liked to do cardio, run and compete. And now she is a phenomenal woman of the 21st century.She has a lot of followers on Instagram. There Bakhar shares videos from training and posts motivating photos. Consequently, she makes money on fitness nutrition and clothes ad.A girl from Dnipro became famous around the world. What's more, outsiders nicknamed Bakhar Nabieva "Girl with the Iron Buttocks" and "The young lady with steel buttocks". Bakhar is an excellent example of a person with a clear goal and a strong will. She made her hobby become her work and life. Finally, she inspires a lot of women all around the world.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.157806
Retrieved Text: IRON MOUNTAIN, MI - A woman who had climbed into a dumpster outside a Goodwill store to look at items died when she fell head-first into a deep area of the container and was accidentally asphyxiated.
Police have identified the woman as Shelley Bowman, 59, of Iron Mountain. Her body was found about 8:55 a.m. Tuesday outside the Goodwill store on South Stephenson Avenue in this Upper Peninsula town.
It's unclear if the death is suspicious.
"The subject slipped and fell head-first into a void or open area within the garbage," Iron Mountain Police said.
"This void or open area was approximately 5 feet deep and inside (the) dumpster. Preliminary cause of death, pending toxicology results, has been determined to be accidental."
Police say Bowman died of positional asphyxiation when she became stuck in a small space and could not get enough oxygen.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.0765
Retrieved Text: An Ekiti woman has been arrested by police in Ekiti after she allegedly forced a hot iron into the private part of her five-year-old niece.
The woman, Mrs. Esther Abgundu, earlier on smeared the child’s genital with pepper. The child has been identified as Aondoaver Sewuesi.
Reports have it that the child’s offense was that she ate out of her aunt’s daughter’s meal.
The incident occurred at Ijelu-Ekiti, Oye local government area of Ekiti State, and the victim is currently receiving treatment at the Community Health Centre in the area.
“The victim was babysitting the baby of the respondent (Mrs. Abgundu) and was said to have taken a spoonful of the food she was feeding her aunt’s daughter with,” an eyewitness told our correspondent.
Both the victim and the suspect are from Gwer West local government area of Benue State with the victim’s mother living in their village.
The Justice and Development and Peace Initiative (JDPI) of Ekiti Catholic Diocese, angered by the evil act, has petitioned the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) demanding justice for the victim.
Via petition by JPDI made available to The Nation on Thursday by its Director, Rev.Fr. Emmanuel Akingbade, it reveals that officials visited the community and Oba Adetoyinbo Ajayi, the traditional ruler of the community confirmed the incident.
The monarch also ensured the woman was picked up by policemen a day after the incident was reported at the palace.
The alleged release of Mrs. Abgundu from police custody was also severely criticized by the JDPI saying it could jeopardize the investigation of the matter.
The post Woman Forces Hot

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.051931
Retrieved Text: A fun packed residence will depend on that basics, which Lovely Portable Ironing Board Honey Can Do Tabletop Ironing Board With Retractable Iron Rest, BRD 01435, Blue Walmart.com graphic should be a wonderful research. To build your dream house that could give tenderness and ease, you may employ that concept as incredible Lovely Portable Ironing Board Honey Can Do Tabletop Ironing Board With Retractable Iron Rest, BRD 01435, Blue Walmart.com image illustrates. And you could duplicate a number redecorating versions of which proven as a result of Lovely Portable Ironing Board Honey Can Do Tabletop Ironing Board With Retractable Iron Rest, BRD 01435, Blue Walmart.com picture to make an astonishing look. By grasping this fantastic Lovely Portable Ironing Board Honey Can Do Tabletop Ironing Board With Retractable Iron Rest, BRD 01435, Blue Walmart.com pic, you can actually create a dwelling that is rather specific and attractive. The Lovely Portable Ironing Board Honey Can Do Tabletop Ironing Board With Retractable Iron Rest, BRD 01435, Blue Walmart.com photo displays some sort of design this well-liked by more and more right now, so it s possible to make your home far more classy by way of some ideas because of this graphic the industry section of Portable Ironing Board graphic collection. The form that Lovely Portable Ironing Board Honey Can Do Tabletop Ironing Board With Retractable Iron Rest, BRD 01435, Blue Walmart.com pic will show are also able to give you a lot of tips on property creating. Data files express which 1 people Lovely Portable Ironing Board Honey

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.034369
Retrieved Text: An elderly woman, believed to be in her 70s, was seen standing on the ledge of her kitchen window on the top floor of a Housing Board block in Yishun on Monday.
It is not known how she ended up on that 11th storey ledge but Singapore Civil Defence Force officers managed to pull her to safety within 15 minutes, said an eyewitness. She was later taken to Khoo Teck Puat hospital in an ambulance.
SCDF officers inflated a life pack at the bottom of the block of flats. They later secured her using rescue ropes before helping her back into her kitchen.
A spokesperson for the hospital said she was warded and in stable condition with no visible injuries.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.952188
Retrieved Text: Action Comics (vol. 1) #584 (Jan. 1987): "Squatter"
Action Comics (vol. 1) #592 (Sep. 1987): "...A Walk on the Darkside!"
Action Comics (vol. 1) #595 (Dec. 1987): "The Ghost of Superman"
Action Comics (vol. 1) #598 (Mar. 1988): "Checkmate"
Action Comics Annual #6 (Jan. 1994): "Legacy"
The Adventures of Superman (vol. 1) #436 (Jan. 1988): "Junk"
The Adventures of Superman (vol. 1) #441 (June 1988): "The Tiny Terror of Tinseltown"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #1 (Aug. 1983): "Tundra!"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #2 (Sep. 1983): "Shadows of the Past"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #2 (Sep. 1983): "In the Beginning..."
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #3 (Oct. 1983): "Yesterday Man"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #3 (Oct. 1983): "Purpose"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #4 (Nov. 1983): "Resolutions!"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #5 (Dec. 1983): "What Fools These Mortals Be..."
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #5 (Dec. 1983): "Deathwatch"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #6 (Jan. 1984): "Snowblind"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #6 (Jan. 1984): "The Old Ways"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #7 (Feb. 1984): "The Importance of Being Deadly"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #7 (Feb. 1984): "Let a Child Be Born"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #8 (Mar. 1984): "Cold Hands, Cold Heart"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #8 (Mar. 1984): "Genesis"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #9 (Apr. 1984): "Things Aren't Always What They Seem"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #9 (Apr. 1984): "A Stranger in My Mirror"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #10 (May 1984): "Blood Battle!"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #10 (May 1984): "Family Ties"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #11 (June 1984): "Set-Up"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #11 (June 1984): "Unleash the Beast!"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #12 (July 1984): "...And One Shall Surely Die"
Alpha Flight (vol. 1) #13 (Aug.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.900658
Retrieved Text: Simply the Best Ironing Board on the Planet. Made in Italy.
Hand made in Italy by skilled craftsmen, The Board 200IB is the pinnacle of ironing board excellence. This is a board made without compromise. It was designed to provide maximum stability and features to make ironing less work.
We build the best ironing boards in the world and we back that statement with a 10 year warranty on the frame.
An ironing board's quality is decided by the way the frame is made. The Board 200IB is made using tube frame construction, which offers maximum rigidity and stability.
To eliminate wobbliness, we use double wishbone legs on The Board 200IB, finished with a lead free, high coat white finish that will continue to look great for many years.
The Board 200IB comes with an iron tray that can be used for an iron or an ironing station. It is permanently riveted to the underside of the board for extra security.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.866293
Retrieved Text: Adessa Ellis places third in the Boston Marathon.
HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- A Fort Bend County woman raced to the finish line of Monday's Boston Marathon, finishing third in her group.
But, this momentous achievement for Adessa Ellis almost didn't happen.
While on her bicycle training for an Ironman, Adessa was hit from behind in February 2016.
She nearly died on arrival when she was rushed to Memorial Hermann Hospital. However, she and her family said doctors credited her training, as well as her iron-clad determination, for coming out of her critical injuries.
She had collapsed lungs, a lacerated liver, a broken hip, a fractured pelvis, and broken bones in her legs. Doctors had to perform a risky surgery called an "open thoracotomy" to put her back together internally.
"It's hard. I've had to learn how to work every muscle again," Adessa explains.
Three years after that, she is a changed woman, having to go on with life without part of her left leg. But she persevered with the high showing in hand-cycling.
A woman struck by a car while bike riding along Highway 99 in Fort Bend County has spent the last two months in the hospital, and now her story is being used as a warning to other cyclists.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.863092
Retrieved Text: Today: A helpful preparation tip & keeping things clean.
1. Preparing fabric for cutting.
When I have a lot of fabric to iron ready for a cutting spree, I have found that using an airing rack is a great way of keeping fabric as crease free as possible before using. It also saves finding a spare flat surface to lay the fabric out on.
2. Cleaning cutting mats & ironing board covers.
A great way to keep these surfaces clean of all those pesky bits of fluff & threads is to use a bathroom loofah/tulle sponge. I keep mine hanging on a handle under the cutting table in easy reach to rub over my cutting board. I have also found it works well on my ironing board as well.
3. Keeping things clean when using fabrics with an iron on adhesive.
No Matter how hard I try, I get messy with glue (kind of like poor Linus & the dust cloud in Charlie Brown.) I keep an old ironing board cover (elastic removed) rolled up under the ironing board & just unroll that out over my current cover whenever I am working with glued fabrics.
Thanks Tracee, appreciate the encouragement, love how we can all share.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.838932
Retrieved Text: Police in Mexico are in hot water after arresting a woman whose husband had phoned them and complained that she hadn’t done the washing.
Dulce Requena Garcia (21), from the town of Tampico, was taken to the nearest police station where she was fined the equivalent of R370. But because she had no money on her she was locked up for 12 hours.
Her husband, Edgar Ivan Perez Alvarado, had complained that when he came home from work he looked for clothing to wear to go out with his friends but his wife refused to iron them for him and accused him of wanting to meet his mistress.
Out of frustration at her refusal to iron he called the police and told them his wife spent too much time watching TV and not enough time doing housework.
What exactly the woman was charged with is unknown.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.829107
Retrieved Text: A wrinkle-free suit coat counts toward making a positive impression. Your local dry cleaners use professional equipment to remove wrinkles, without harming the suit material. A steam iron offers similar results at home, but using the device incorrectly can cause irreparable damage to the coat. Placing a barrier, such as damp cloth, between the iron and the coat protects the fibers from direct heat. Moreover, the combination of the two produces a wrinkle-free garment.
Check the label inside the suit coat for a description of the suit material. Set your steam iron for use with the material, and plug in the iron. Allow the iron to warm up.
Lay the interior of the suit coat flat against the ironing board. Spread half of the back of the coat across the ironing board. Smooth out any folds or wrinkles with your hand.
Dampen a cotton or linen cloth, using a spray bottle of water, and lay it over a section of the back of the coat.
Press the steam iron against the cloth, and lift it back up. Reposition the cloth along the back of the coat, continuing to steam as you go. In each instance, use a press and lift motion. Avoid sliding the iron across the cloth.
Lay the first sleeve lengthwise along the ironing board. Use the narrow tip of the ironing board to support the coat. Smooth the sleeve flat with your hand.
Place the damp cloth against either the sleeve cuff or shoulder seam. Once again using the cloth as a barrier between the coat and the iron,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.788877
Retrieved Text: Marvel Comics has revealed the secret history of the very first Iron Fist in the pages of Avengers #13 - and the heroine's new, secret connection to the Power Stone (long before other heroes even knew what the Infinity Stones could make possible).
Jason Aaron's current Avengers run is telling a complex tale, exploring the secret history of the original Avengers team - one formed over 1,000,000 years ago. Every few issues, Aaron is stepping back in time to reveal the history of one of these early Avengers. Last year's Avengers #7 was the story of the first Ghost Rider, who was transformed after he struck an unwise pact with the Marvel's Satanic stand-in, Mephisto. This week's Avengers #13 returns to 1,000,000 BC, to reveal and this time tells the history of the first Iron Fist, Fan Fei, a woman who trained in the city of K'un Lun.
A woman of great compassion, Fan Fei believed the cavemen of the world needed to be able to protect themselves. As a result, and to the horror of K'un Lun's rulers, she trained them in Kung Fu. K'un Lun guarded its knowledge jealously, and the Thunderer was furious at the secrets of Kung Fu being handed over to Neanderthals. They had the cavemen executed, killed by the dragon Shou-Lao. A furious Fan Fei leaped into the flames and confronted Shou-Lao, striking the dragon in its heart and killing it - and becoming the first Iron Fist.
Banished from K'un Lun for her actions, Fan Fei became a champion of the cavemen.

================



======= Instance Index 3174 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see an opening screen on white. a buff man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: and a little woman are running and diving.

Ending 2: holds a round club and a dart board and holds it on his gloved hand.

Ending 3: shows off his muscles on a city street.

Ending 4: on a horse rides after a calf.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.876255
Retrieved Text: are a few helpful tips that will allow you to safely clean your Macbook screen. in purchasing a new Apple device, such as the Macbook Pro or Macbook Air.... Since you need a third party tool to defragment a MacBook Pro, we decided to highlight Drive Genius, a well-reputed computer cleaning tool with an efficient defragging feature. Before running the defragmentation, you should make sure to create a backup of your files.
Use a screen cleaning cloth to buff out any marks on your Macbook Pros screen surface. Use a screen cleaning cloth to buff out any marks on the inside of new screen that will be applied. Edit how to change rgb lighting All you see is black screen on your MacBook Pro no matter what keys you are pressing. Below you’ll find a couple of solutions (mostly based on users’ cases) to bring you Mac back to the light. Below you’ll find a couple of solutions (mostly based on users’ cases) to bring you Mac back to the light.
Since you need a third party tool to defragment a MacBook Pro, we decided to highlight Drive Genius, a well-reputed computer cleaning tool with an efficient defragging feature. Before running the defragmentation, you should make sure to create a backup of your files.
For your screen use a little water on a clean cloth or a nanofiber cloth. Try to avoid cleaning products which can easily do more bad than good to your screen.
Command+Option+R:- (For Upgrade MacOS Version) It will reinstall the latest macOS compatible with your MacBook

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.58051
Retrieved Text: BUBBLES lighting screen/room divider is made of flexible, transparent PVC bubbles filled with air. Studio Puff Buff was established in 2004 by designer Anna Siedlecka and architect Radek Achramowicz. Puff Buff created a playful, yet sophisticated lighting collection consisting of LED diodes and inflatable shades.
BUBBLES is made of 72 PVC bubbles filled with air with 72 white LED points. Low voltage transformer with cover in transparent plastic. Indoor use only.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.529306
Retrieved Text: Step by step guide, how to open Scent of the Worm / A Scent is the Key secret chest in Destiny The Taken King.
In Destiny The Taken King there is to discover a lot of secrets. Particularly tricky turns out to be a chest to which you can get only with a specific trick, while still must prove skills in jumping. If you have already discovered the secret chest in the Mausoleum on the Dreadnaught, no doubt that you have noticed the cryptic message "A Scent is the Key", which prevents you from opening. Here we will show you how to open this secret chest.
- Go to the mausoleum and there in a side room, which in turn leads into a small cave.
- Here you will find a calcified fragment and also the box, you need the key of the grub.
- Stay now in this cave and you will notice that your screen continues to turn green. Then you get the buff - wait 1-2 minutes to get the Scent of the Worm buff.
- Equip weapons and armor gives you bonuses on your mobility, so you can jump higher and farther.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.422762
Retrieved Text: Contemplating that numerous us spend a large amount of time in bars, it’s amazing how few movies function bars as a central ingredient of the story. If this is the final we hear of this, we are able to assume that Annapurna dumping these films was associated to Barnard leaving (or Barnard is leaving as a result of Annapurna dumped her tasks), however for all we know this might be the start of an even bigger shake-up at one of Hollywood’s most dependable indie studios.
Run time doesn’t embrace previews1 hr 51 min Drama Household CCClosed Captioning ADAudio Description Headset PG 13for some thematic elements and teenage ingesting. Watching movies in a movie theater is the way to see a movie. There’s a trend in Hollywood in the direction of co-financing (over two-thirds of the films put out by Warner Bros.
One in every of Marvel’s most enigmatic, complex and badass characters involves the massive display screen, starring Academy AwardÂ® nominated actor Tom Hardy as the lethal protector Venom. Shut your eyes and try to spell Academy Award winner McConaughey with out looking it up. It drives me loopy each time I have to write a short about one in every of his movies.
Each story of a movie is more or less inspired by our life, by what occurs round us. A “movie goer,” “movie goer,” or “movie buff” is a person who likes or typically attends movies and movies, and any of those, although extra typically the latter, might additionally see oneself as a scholar to movies

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.208672
Retrieved Text: Conrad Buff ( 1886-1975) Rancho Escondido, aquatint and drypoint etching 6 x 16″ p.o.r.
Born in Speicher, Switzerland, the son of an Alpine farmer, Conrad Buff, by the age of forty, had an established reputation as an artist, primarily realistic paintings that expressed his love of the American Southwest.
He was apprenticed at age 14 to an uncle, a baker, and confectioner, and baking became a hobby with him for the rest of his life. He also learned the trade of lace designing and making, which ultimately influenced his pointellist painting style, and which was then a major trade in Switzerland. But he felt constrained with having to copy patterns, and in the early 1900s went to Munich, where he lived the heady life of a young man.
However, money ran out, and at age 19, he came to America and took the first train West. He was briefly on a Wisconsin ranch, working as a sheep herder and then for ten years roamed the West doing odd jobs such as cooking in cafes, bartending, and driving mules on a railroad construction gang. He relieved the monotony by painting in his spare time.
He also explored lithography and silk screen painting and drew directly on stone or zinc plates. With his wife, Mary Marsh, he wrote and illustrated two books: Dancing Cloud and Kobi.
In 1906, he moved to Los Angeles, and from 1907, painted in Arizona. Maynard Dixon was a frequent sketching companion. Buff did a number of large scale murals for banks, schools, and libraries, and with well-known California

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.081095
Retrieved Text: A group show of screen prints and limited editions.
Opening Reception: Wednesday, May 30 (6-9pm) agnès b. is pleased to announce the opening of “Public Display Nº2” at the agnès b. Galerie Boutique in Soho, NYC. Curated by agnès b. and ASVP, the group exhibition will feature screen prints and limited editions and will be the second gallery collaboration between the Paris-based designer and the Brooklyn-based duo. The exhibition opens May 30 and runs through July 8.
The 24 works in the exhibition beckon the outside in with prints and editions by Adam Lucas (NYC), ASVP (Brooklyn), BÄST (Brooklyn), Bisco Smith (NYC), Buff Monster (NYC), Chery (Paris), Eelco (Netherlands/NY), FAILE (Brooklyn), Hellbent (NY), Icy & Sot (NYC), Kraken (Paris), PIXOTE (Brooklyn), QRST (Brooklyn), and Ryan McGinness (NYC).
ASVP have been a staple in the New York City street art scene for almost a decade. BÄST is one of Brooklyn’s original street art forces, blending Pop Art and Abstract Expressionism into his day-glo tinged visions. Bisco Smith works in a variety of formats, from murals to canvas, known for his visual freestyle. Buff Monster makes the world a better place with bright colors, bold lines, and humor. Chery blends natural and urban elements into an inextricable bond with a hint of dark wit. EELCO is a Dutch street artist with a unique color palette he developed mostly on the streets. FAILE is a Brooklyn-based painting and printmaking collaboration between Patrick McNeil and Patrick Miller, founded in 1999. Adam Lucas’s street art is blunt and forthright, using wit and subversion in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.497293
Retrieved Text: The Night Owl Potion is a buff potion which grants the Night Owl buff when consumed. The buff improves the player's night vision, and sharply increases the radius of any available light source. This potion has no effect on total darkness.
The ingredients of this potion, the Daybloom and Blinkroot, are exceedingly common and can easily be grown in Clay Pots or Planter Boxes or just farmed naturally within your base.
Combined with the Shine Potion, it's possible to see about half the screen using nothing but basic, low-level ingredients that far outshine the Shadow Orb or other mobile light sources for exploration.
Fixed a bug where the potion had absolutely no effect when consumed.
Buff duration reduced from 10 to 4 minutes.
Desktop 1.0.5: Introduced, but had no effect.
This page was last edited on 15 November 2018, at 01:53.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.258053
Retrieved Text: “THE REVENANT was really intense.
…. If you’re a film buff, I really recommend you see this one on the big screen. We saw it, sitting pretty close to the screen, and then later watched scenes on a very good 47 inch tv. The difference was pretty astounding.
This is a movie where a lot is going on, on the screen. It’s visually stunning, brilliantly choreographed, and has tremendous depth of field. Something special.
THE REVENANT Copyright © 2015 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved.
If you haven’t taken the time already to see this jewel of film-making on the big screen, then there is no time like the present. Even cinematographer, Emmanuel Lubezki, offered such lush visual prowess, that it would be a shame to let this just sit on your watch list until the Blu-ray comes out.
Previous WATCH Jedigoddess Presents, Best Films of 2015, The Future of Conventions and More!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.242271
Retrieved Text: The Sussex breed is originally from England, and is a highly productive bird - and here in New Zealand they have proven to be an excellent utility, dual purpose bird, laying good size eggs that are tinted cream to a lovely brown colouration.
In their first years they are capable of laying upwards of 260 eggs per year.
There are many colours of the Sussex, from Brown, Buff, Light, Red, Speckled, Silver, White and Coronation.
The Sussex chicken, whatever colour, should be a large graceful bird with a broad long, flat back & a rectangular build, the tail should be at a 45 degree angle from the body. Their eyes should be red in the darker varieties & orange in the lighter colours & they have have a single, medium sized, erect comb.. Earlobes should be red with legs and skin white in every colour variety..
The light Sussex has a white body with a black tail and black wing tips. Its neck is white, striped with black and has a very striking appearance. The feathers around the neck are called hackle feathers and each one is black with a fine white lace around the edge.
The buff Sussex has a buff [ginger] body with a black tail and black wing tips. Its neck is buff coloured, striped with black and is very pretty in appearance. The hackle feathers around the neck are black and each one should have buff coloured edges..
If showing the buff Sussex, you would be well recommended to be careful to keep this breed out of strong

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.23742
Retrieved Text: Rain or shine, everyone will enjoy a day of community, arts, handmade one-of-kind crafts, a variety of music, see history come alive, have the opportunity to take a selfie with a scarecrow of your choice, and much more at the 15th annual event: between 10am and 4pm on October 5!
Jack Be Little pumpkin decorating, facepainting, Trevor "The Games Man" on stilts, and another year that you have to participate in street chalk drawing thanks to art students from Apponequet High School.
You will see all the tents, and lots of fun happen'in at the junctions of Routes 105 & 18 and Precinct Street in Lakeville. Google 2 Precinct Street for easy directions.
The Moldy Suitcase perform a tribute to the underground musical style of the 1920’s-listen above. They are family fun! Kim Moberg and the Jetpack Superheros will performed. Bela Sarkozy played his jazzy instrumental guitar while everyone bid at the Silent Auction and some asked questions of the demonstrators.
There was an authentic Civil War encampment with history buff, Mark Mello, a Town Crier announced the activities all day, Caricatures were done by Mark Penta. There was a children's art exhibit inside the library and an opportunity to learn to do your own screen print with The Art Experience of Avon.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.155115
Retrieved Text: We're told the suspect felt disrespected, left to get a gun ... then returned to get revenge.
4:05 PM PT -- A longer version of the surveillance video shows the shooter -- the man in the dark shirt -- opening fire 3 separate times on Nipsey Hussle. He shoots Nipsey once ... starts walking away ... then comes back a second time and shoots again, and then a third time.
After the third time, he kicks Nipsey and flees back toward the alley ... where we initially saw him enter the video.
Multiple sources tell us before the shooter unloaded, he had a tense convo with Nipsey. We're told Nipsey asked him if he had snitched to cops in the past because that was the word on the street.
Nipsey Hussle's murder happened in view of a nearby surveillance camera -- and the footage could give police a lead in their search for the trigger man.
TMZ obtained this footage from a business adjacent to Nipsey's The Marathon Clothing store. On the left side of the screen ... you can see someone in a red shirt enter the frame from an alleyway, walking quickly toward the front of the store.
The actual shooting is hard to make out, but you can see a victim collapse to the ground, and several people fleeing the area. It's unclear if the gunman is one of those people running from the scene -- but the footage makes it clear there were several witnesses to the shooting.
Also worth nothing ... while everyone's fleeing, you do NOT see

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.122072
Retrieved Text: Buff Original Buff Extent Black Tubular multifunction Original Black man and woman. Tubular multifunctional BUFF®, versatile, and adaptable to all your needs.
Buff Original Buff Extent Black Tubular multifunction Original Black man and woman. Tubular multifunctional BUFF®, versatile, and adaptable to all your needs. Braga-neck stretchy and sun protective, the tubular BUFF® has no seams and is made with recycled materials. Spirit echo, design BUFF® and advanced technology to sport or day-to-day.Design: Printed Pattern. Size: one Size. Designed for adults.
The tubular multifunctional BUFF® reinvented: recycled materials, solar protection, ultra-stretchy, seamless.
Technology Ultra-Stretch: Adjustment in 4 directions, with superior stretchiness.
Enjoy the versatility and the possibilities of our products more multi-functional. Choose between multiple ways of dressing and possibilities of protection and style.
Technology UltraStretch: maximum elasticity for greater comfort and performance.
Manufactured from recycled materials. Enjoy a product eco-designed for a better world.
We use recycled fibers to give a second life to the materials of our products. Our commitment to achieving a better world is reflected in each one of our actions. Enjoy quality products and eco-friendly.
We give after sale service of all products of Buff purchased in our store.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.099466
Retrieved Text: The mysterious man motioned Walter into a small room. "Here", he said, "is where we test how smart our applicants are." Walter died inside. He had been told that the applications were tough - after all, being part of first contact with another species was important, and Earth only wanted the best of the best to represent them - but this interview was brutal.
"Do you see this screen?", the man said. He gestured to the far part of the room. Walter looked up, and saw what appeared to be a green screen with eleven white arrows on it. "Yes..." Walter replied. "Okay", said the man, "this is how this is going to work." He produced a stylus from his lower pocket. "You can use this stylus to draw an arrow on the screen - here's an example." The man drew a twelfth arrow on the screen, in a seemingly random spot. He then walked over and handed the stylus to Walter. "What do I have to do?", Walter asked, getting increasingly nervous. "It's easy", said the man, "All I want you to do, is to draw a thirteenth arrow, to finish this." Walter immediately wanted to ask a thousand questions. What was this about? How can you 'finish' a bunch of arrows? What is 'this'? The man, however, had already left the room.
Walter stared at the screen in front of him.
Where should he put the thirteenth arrow?
Nd5 checkmate, in others words draw an arrow starting from arrow 7 and extend in the same direction.
The arrows represent

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.02775
Retrieved Text: Organize and store your wine collection in this attractive 142 Bottle Wine Cooler by Vinotemp. The sleek and frameless VT-140 TS enables you to store your red and white wines separately at their optimal temperatures. Featuring seamless, all-glass technology, this cooler has room to store up to 70 bottles in the top zone and 72 bottles in the bottom zone on 13 full-size pull-out shelves and two half shelves. The distinctive black rack is a patent pending Vinotemp design exclusive. A digital temperature controller at the top of the door allows you to see and set the temperature cooler without opening the cooler door. The blue interior LED lighting creates a gorgeous display and the front-exhaust design enables the VT-140 TS to be built-in or free-standing. This unit is ideal for the wine buff who is looking to store their small to medium sized wine collection.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.01215
Retrieved Text: The controls in Heroes Soul Dungeon Shooter is straightforward and very much adjusted for contact screens. In the left piece of the screen, you have the virtual d-cushion, while on the right, you have your assault catches. Fortunately, when you hit the catch to shoot, you’re character will naturally go for the nearest foe.
As what occurs in the previously mentioned Binding of Isaac, Enter the Gungeon, and Dungeon Souls, you need to advance through various rooms pressed with foes. Occasionally, once you’ve crushed every one of the foes in a room, you’ll be compensated with a chest brimming with treasure.
Legends Soul Dungeon Shooter Apk is a fun ‘roguelite’ with an addictive ongoing interaction and beguiling pixelated designs. Additionally, as you play, you’ll get the opportunity to open huge amounts of surely understood characters like Loki, Thor, Hawkeye, Iron-Man, Vision, and so on.
In the darkest age, the world is administered by creatures, outsiders… There is no desire for human sorts. All of a sudden, some Heroes with super power have stood up and battled for sparing our spirit, to get our opportunity from the Dark. They are Heroes Soul Dungeons Shooter.
Legends Soul Dungeons Shooter: Let’s simply shoot and save saints. There are many cool Heroes you can pick. You can likewise enlist them and influence them to tail you as your friend, investigate interminable prison, numerous super cool weapons with super cool impacts. Saints Soul is the best shooter amusement you will discover on the portable store up until this point.
• Endless, irregular prisons, epic supervisor. Each

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.007397
Retrieved Text: Helps deter internal and external theft.
Increase worker productivity & comfort.
The Rollaround Screen System is an economical solution to screening commercial door openings. Built of architectural grade aluminum, the Rollaround is ready to take on the demands of any warehouse environment. The Rollaround is easily moved into the commercial door opening when ventilation is desired. Designed to work with virtually any commercial roll up door that is 12' or less in width. All Rollarounds are 84" in height. The Rollaround is custom fit for your opening for ease of installation. Simply assemble and enjoy!
The Rollaround is secured into the opening with the locking pins as shown. Once the locking pins are in place the cantilevered outriggers can be retracted to minimize the footprint of the system. Now simply bring your manually operated rolling door down until the two seals touch and you have a pest free, airy environment that is naturally illuminated.
Rollaround Screens are available with a white frame and three different screen choices.
18x14 Fiberglass Screen - Ideal for maximum airflow.
White Super Screen - Daytime privacy, extreme durability.
Black Super Screen - Extreme durability.
Turn your Rollaround Screen into a billboard with your company logo or message. Printing can be done on all three types of screen material offered.
Want more information? Please fill out the form below and we will gladly get in contact with you.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.98877
Retrieved Text: A 38-year-old film buff spent £70,000 to build a 34-seat ABC cinema in his back garden.
Anderson Jones, a lifelong film buff, has built a 34-seat venue, which he says has the characteristics of 1930s picture houses as well as a 1970s vibe. The venue features materials reclaimed from old movie theatres.
Anderson’s creation features 17ft by 7ft screen, retro black-and-white toilets, authentic projection box and a foyer with a concessions stand where viewers can buy sweets and popcorn.
His wife, Jane, said: "He’s done a fantastic job and I love spending time down there,"
“Anderson’s done all the work. Every weekend, any spare time, he’s been down there. I’ve been the tea maker and patient wife.
“Any savings from when we’ve moved house have been poured into this so that he could fulfill his dream.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.986551
Retrieved Text: The first club for Plymouth Rocks was a combined Effort called "The Leghorn, Plymouth Rock and Andalusian Club" and was founded in 1886. In 1895 "The Plymouth Rock club" was founded as a separate club for Barred Rocks only.
Buff Rocks were imported into this country from America by the late James Bateman in 1897 and were absorbed into this club in 1900, later white rocks were included. After a few years there were differences in opinion regarding the varieties and separate clubs were founded for each.
They were The Barred Rock club; The Buff Rock Club, and The White Rock Club, in addition separate clubs were founded in Wales and Scotland, and in 1912 The Plymouth Rock Society. In 1910, a section for Barred Rock bantams was added to the club, and in 1920 a section for Buff Rock Bantams was added to the Buff Club, later a Club was founded for Barred Rock Bantams called "The Barred Rock bantam club".
In 1945 another club, The Plymouth Rock Bantam Club was founded which catered for all varieties of bantams. In 1933 the Buff Plymouth Rock Club was founded, with laying tests as the main object, but eventually an exhibition section was included.
Over the years various clubs realised they could not function successfully on their own and one by one returned to the parent club. In 1923 The Leghorn, Plymouth Rock and Andalusian was incorporated, to 1926 The Buff Rock club (original) and The White Rock club.
In 1944 The Plymouth Rock Club Society, in 1950 The Barred Rock Bantam

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.957153
Retrieved Text: The “Do Sign Languages Have Accents?” video was created by our department in collaboration with Mental Floss. Assistant Professor Julie Hochgesang worked closely with Arika Okrent, a regular Mental Floss contributor who also graduated from our program and has written great content like this, this, and this about signed languages. Along with being a part of the filmed content, doctoral student Wink filmed and edited the video content. Other members of the department also appear on the video: Nozomi Tomita, Ardavan Guity, Amelia Becker, Heather Hamilton, Casey Analco, Ariel Johnson, Anna Lim Franck, Paul Dudis, Larrisa Lichty.
The video was originally posted on the Mental Floss Facebook account on September 7, 2017. We are sharing it again here via our YouTube account and blog.
We are hoping this is the start of many more videos in which we collaborate with Mental Floss. We are planning to cover lexical variation, the role of facial expressions (and other nonmanual signals) in signed languages, and depiction. What else would you like to see featured in future videos? Comment on our YouTube video or send us a tweet.
00:00 The background is a green screen. Julie, a white woman with long brown hair, tattoos on her arms, a long necklace with a white stone on the bottom, is standing on the right. She is dressed in a black top and gray shirt.
00:49-00:57 The video cuts to different video footage in which Vance, a young white man (in his 20s) with glasses and beard and dressed in a dark gray top, is standing in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.933582
Retrieved Text: LEGO has just announced that they have launched five construction sets based off of the highly anticipated Avengers: Endgame movie. The construction sets see our favorite heroes in various scenes inspired by the movie. Let’s check out the new LEGO construction sets!
We should warn you, these sets and descriptions contain potential spoilers for Avengers: Endgame.
This buildable superhero playset includes 4 Marvel Universe minifigures: Iron Man, Captain Marvel, Nebula and a 4-armed Outrider, plus poseable Hulk and Thanos big figures and an Ant-Man microfigure. The set features the Avengers compound with a 2-level office building, helipad, garage, plus a helicopter and offroader for creative play. Weapons include Nebula’s sword and Thanos’s buildable, double-sided battle axe. The Iron Man minifigure and Thanos and Hulk big figures are all new for March 2019, and the Nebula minifigure and Ant-Man microfigure each feature new-for-March-2019 Avengers team suit decoration.
Captain America’s bike features a minifigure cockpit, 2 Captain America shield shooters, front wheel with detachable non-shooting blasters, attachment points for minifigures, fold-down bike stand, headlight element and an exhaust flame element. This superhero playset includes Captain America’s new-for-March-2019 helmet element and Avengers team suit decoration.
Includes 5 Marvel Universe minifigures: Iron Man MK 1, Iron Man MK 5, Iron Man MK 41, Iron Man MK 50 and an Outrider. Iron Man lab includes: a rotating podium with 2 posable robotic arms; desk with translucent-blue screen, minifigure chair and cup elements; kitchen module with a buildable smoothie maker and cup element; weapon storage module with a stud shooter, power-up jetpack and energy beam element

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.823261
Retrieved Text: We’re a disorganized gang of lazy sots, malcontents and freethinkers. Even so, to meet us is to love us.
Atypical Neurotic. An Illinois-born refugee from academia who in late middle-age finds himself a civil servant in Norway. An unashamed city-dweller, he walks 30 minutes every day to a job where he is not paid to be an economist (lawyer or accountant), only to sound like one.
Blowhard, Esq. A legal drudge who spends his day thinking about anything other than work. A lifelong resident of southern California, he has a habit of opining on matters for which he has no qualifications or expertise.
Brundle Guy. Half man, half middle-man, Brundle Guy is paid to help others realize their artistic visions while struggling in obscurity with his own. What hath social science wrought?!
Callowman. An extremely dull, uninteresting man to whom things happen. He enjoys scrambled eggs and is a long-time resident of the Kingdom of Sweden.
Eddie Pensier. Expat, television junkie, opera buff, connoisseur of unhealthy foods, art lover, beverage bore, fashion watcher, and admirer of beautiful people of all sexes.
Fabrizio del Wrongo. A recovering liberal arts major who enjoys shooting the breeze about culture, especially movies. Other interests include women and ninjas. Fabrizio resides in a fortified tower somewhere on the American east coast, along with four houseplants and a Roomba.
Fenster Moop. Has had a long and varied career in higher education, government and business. Does not consider himself to be either retired or a dilettante, though both these things could be disputed.
Glynn Marshes. No longer young, not yet old.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.78196
Retrieved Text: Curious black boy on Christmas. Little Santa laying inside suitcase. It's time to get up. Must unwrap the presents.
Young happy woman congratulating her loved people on New Year Eve.
Portrait of shocked afro american business man. Surprised and shocked face of black man in suit, close up. Bright office, windows background.
Young woman receiving present from young man.
Handsome man with gifts on abstract Christmas background. Middle-aged man giving present boxes. Winter holiday sales.
Businessman emotionally celebrating success. Handsome mature man in suit celebrating success and raising hands up. Green screen hroma background.
Happy surprised mature man. Happy middle-aged man with open mouth looking shocked and gesturing in excitement. Facial expression wow.
Charming little girl is giving her beautiful young mom a present at home. People, holidays and family concept - daughter kissing happy mother and giving her birthday present.
Young handsome man bring the box with present to woman. Beautiful couple opening the board game and having fun.
Celebratory 3d rendering of multicolored and black and white confetti flying down. They make an optimistic Christmas mood. Christmas is approaching. Matte channel included.
Couple in front of fireplace. Man giving a present to woman.
아름다운 모자를 착용하고 카메라에 포즈.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.777113
Retrieved Text: The Sebastopol is an unusual looking goose with it’s distinctive curly feathers. Originating in eastern Europe these lovely birds were first introduced to the UK in 1860. They come in both smooth breasted and curly breasted and currently come in a few different colours including: White, splash, grey and buff. They’re a medium sized goose and lay approximately 20-40 eggs a year.
Our Sebastopols are from Top lines (Note: our young gander has not finished growing in his curly feathers in these pictures!). They are splash but carrying buff and should product white, splash and buff.
Geese usually start laying anytime between end of february and april depending on the weather conditions, goslings and older birds will be available later in the year. Single females or males may be available depending on how many of each we hatch.
Please note- We do not post birds, this is a pre-visit purchase service, birds must be collected within 7 days of purchase. Please contact us before purchasing if you require a poultry courier.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.767069
Retrieved Text: Hey, pretty cool! But I don't think it is official, that's why I am wondering why did you put such title. Or is it something that was prepared by ymir back then?
It seems something surreal on an official level.
Ymir has not worked on the title since 2012 and has sold all the rights to WebZen, so if he had any Metin2 projects he wanted to implement I don't know how they came out.
it actually is official. but these skills were only implemented in the first korean beta from summer 2004.
alot of korean players stopped at that time cuz they said ymir f'd the game. (i mean removing those beta skills and a lot of weapons / armors).
Looks awesome, better than current ones , will you share?
So where is the second "strong body" skill then ?
I said it that way because it's similar. Strong body it is a self-buff tho.
i assume you mean the blue circle around those players? thats a buff. and if you mean the skill with the shield icon (just named "shield"), thats a self-buff, yes.
so what does the sura screen actually show or mean??
I don't know what to say ... the skills have been there forever.
Where did u get the client from?
Ok, after seeing various screens and being informed in my little one I will follow this thread carefully.
I simply want to understand if there will be the possibility of having important skills, something that will change the style of play of the now stalled metin2.
I also found something like that. Personally, I

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.657152
Retrieved Text: The bird fauna south of the Orinoco River is different and this is where you can find the Amazonian bird species in Venezuela.
Day 1: Transfer 4 hours from Ciudad Bolivar to Trincheras. We arrive at our lodge where we will stay for the next nights. We start to bird around the lodge to get our first species like Black Nunbird, Blue Crowned Motmot, Gilded Barbet, etc. After lunch we make a hike from the lodge to a little Oxbow lake. Here we will see different Parrots, Macawas and Toucans. Only to name a few of them, which we might see: Black headed Parrot, Caica Parrot, Mealy Parrot, Scarlet Macaw, Military Macaw, White throated Toucan, Many banded Aracari, Ivory billed Aracari, Green and Black necked Aracari.
We have lunch at Yokore island and relax a in hammocks. Then we take the boat back and on the ride we look for raptors at the forest edge like black Hawk Eagle and Crested Eagle. We will see different monkeys and the fresh water dolphins.
Day 3: We will bird around the lodge and around the main Raid and some side Trails. This gives us a good general idea of the Amazonian species. Like Spix Guan Red throated and Black Caracara, Plumbeous Kite, Spix Guan, Piping Guan, Vioalacous Trogon, White tiled Trogon, Green tailed Jacamar, white necked Puffbird, Black Nonbird, Blue Crowned Motmot, Guilded Barbet, Chestnut Woodpecker, Red Necked Woodpecker, Buff throated Woodcreeper, Wedge billed Woodcreeper, Long tailed Woodcreeper, Plain Crowned Spinetail, Rusty backed Spinetail, Buff throated Foliage Gleaner, Olive backed Foliage

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.6449
Retrieved Text: Amy- Create a character- any type, anyone… make a new being!
He opened the door to enter, having to squeeze his six-foot-three, 230-pound frame sideways through the inordinately small entryway.
The room was sparse, with pale wood floors, white walls, and beige floor mats. The only item of color Bernard saw was a peculiar painted bird house hanging from the wall. On the outward-facing side of the odd bird house, Bernard noticed the hands of a clock, showing the top of the hour was approaching. A smiling young blonde woman dressed all in white appeared from behind a screen and greeted him, speaking so quickly he questioned the relaxation benefits of yoga.
“Here for One O’clock? We’ll have a nice group for sure. It’s beginner day,” she said, holding out her hand.
He’d never considered himself the type to go for forced relaxation. Perhaps this was why his psychiatrist had prescribed twice-weekly yoga classes to combat the stress that kept him awake nights. As a detective with the San Diego Police Department, an alimony-paying divorced father of four, and at least as great a fan of chocolate donuts as he was of weight-lifting in the gym at the station, Bernard had never thought to make time to sit on floor mats with Zen types.
Propped in the doorway was a tanned, buff man about a foot shorter than Bernard.
When the reality of the situation struck him, Bernard recoiled, shrinking into his own shoulders.
A woman passed him in the doorway as he exited. Before the door shut behind him, Bernard heard the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.621025
Retrieved Text: Test run of the sizing for the neighbors. They said all was well...sigh.
Thinking about the coop floor height. At this point, the coop is pretty wobbly.
Adios wobbly walls. Chickens will thank me when the big one hits.
4 weekends later, pretty much done. The front door is hinged for cleaning. The rope (since moved to the side) is for opening the sliding chicken door where they are waiting every morning. The little solar light isn't much good, but the tool storage on the side is another great idea I got here.
I thought I had 8 weeks, these messy guys wore out their welcome in 4, so we moved them and their heat lamp out for a couple weeks. It's only into the 40-50s at night here now, so the lamp keeps them above 70 all night. You can see a ventilation window in the upper right plus more eave ventilation on the front and back. There are two roost bars with a small ladder to the first one. The screen on the front was temporary (and too low, we found out) and the lower wood piece slides out when cleaning the litter.
1. Two 14x14 nest boxes will be attached to the side in a few weeks. Didn't want the girls to get the idea that they should be sleeping in them.
2. The run is only chicken wire as we have few predators here, the yard is mostly fenced and the girls will be locked in the coop at night.
3. We have 2 buff orpingtons, 2 australorps and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.56469
Retrieved Text: 1. Can I cancel player buffs by right-clicking?
When out of combat, you can simply right-click the icon on any player buff bar to cancel the buff (this works for shaman weapon enchants and rogue poisons too).
For cancelling buffs in combat, Raven includes an "in-combat" bar that you set up while out of combat. You define a list of player buffs that you want to be able to cancel in combat. When one of these buffs becomes active in combat, its icon pulses into place on the "in-combat" bar and you can right-click it to cancel the buff. While this doesn't provide a general-purpose solution for cancelling buffs in combat (and doesn't work for temporary weapon enchants), it hopefully will help classes that often need to cancel specific buffs.
2. Does Raven work with non-English clients and what about localization?
Raven should function correctly on non-English language clients. It has been tested to work successfully on the German language client. The same internationalized code is also used on English language clients so going forward there should no longer be differences. Please report any problems.
With respect to localization, options and messages are still displayed in English but the code fully supports localization into additional languages and, now that the options panel is not changing too much anymore, Raven will be registered with the CurseForge localization system soon.
3. How do I create a bar group for just the buffs, debuffs and cooldowns that I want to see in combat?
On the Bar Groups tab click on "New Custom Group" and name it

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.54188
Retrieved Text: Engaging “White Privilege” – Léonce B. Crump Jr.
Loved the video. I have taught on white privileged for years at auburn university to mostly all white classes. I found it to be very eye opening for them and some are changed forever. A lot of the points you make I also made.
It’s so funny. My mostly all white students became so comfortable that they even engaged in sharing their culture experiences. So funny they came to class and were like Ms. Ramsey, we had so much fun at rodeo. Can we show you some pictures. I’m thinking have they forgot I’m black! Lol “Rodeo is the outside southern party with all things confederate and old Dixie” so I tell them they can use the computer to pull up the pics to be shown on the projector screen in class. They begin explaining how they searched so hard to get the best old Dixie outfits, confederate flag outfits. Discussed how they were trying to look red neck, etc.
Once I got my thoughts together. Lol. They were so excited. I use it as a teaching lesson and several of those students have become Christians and have a new lens to view race, the south and white privilege.
And this is in auburn, al. Which is still very southern and not that far removed for slavery and Jim Crow. Some of my students discussed how their parents and grandparents are Kkk members and can’t stand blacks or poor white for that matter.
There are lots of people not willing to listen. There

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.504074
Retrieved Text: Like every Marvel movie, Black Panther features two end-credit scenes that tease what lies ahead for the franchise within the larger Marvel Cinematic Universe.
In an interview on The Empire Film Podcast, director Ryan Coogler opens up about one Avenger in particular who popped up in the latter Easter egg and explained why he was missing from the movie’s main story.
WARNING: And for those who have yet to see the blockbuster phenomenon, here’s your spoiler alert!
The second post-credits scene starts with a bunch of Wakandan kids staring at the screen and then run out of a hut as the audience realizes they’re seeing the kids from the first-person point of view of someone who’s just woken up.
Cut to T’Challa’s tech-savvy sister, Shuri, standing along a lake and the mystery man in question walks out of the hut and is revealed as none other than Bucky Barnes (Sebastian Stan), aka the Winter Soldier. Marvel fans, of course, will recall that Barnes was granted asylum in Wakanda at the end of Captain America: Civil War and opted for a cryogenic sleep until the country’s scientists could find a cure for Hydra’s brainwashing.
So when he comes out of the hut, she calls him the White Wolf. He replies with his real name and she tells him he’s in Wakanda and there’s more to learn now that he’s his old non-killing machine self again.
But he acknowledged that weaving Bucky into Black Panther’s plot would have been tricky to say the least.
As for the White Wolf, that’s a reference to a character

================



======= Instance Index 1229 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man in a field strikes a match. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: then swings at a passing bull.

Ending 2: bends down and tries to start a fire, but it doesn't light.

Ending 3: throws down another round onto the ground.

Ending 4: takes a wood cross and throws it.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.97597
Retrieved Text: Rays sixth. Willy Adames doubles to shallow left field. Austin Meadows singles to left field, advances to 2nd. Willy Adames scores. Fielding error by Teoscar Hernandez. Tommy Pham flies out to deep right center field to Randal Grichuk. Austin Meadows to third. Ji-Man Choi reaches on a fielder’s choice to first base. Austin Meadows out at home. Yandy Diaz reaches on a fielder’s choice to shortstop. Ji-Man Choi out at second.
1 run, 2 hits, 1 error, 1 left on. Rays 1, Blue Jays 0.
Blue Jays seventh. Justin Smoak singles to shallow right field. Teoscar Hernandez strikes out swinging. Randal Grichuk doubles to right field. Justin Smoak to third. Lourdes Gurriel Jr. doubles to deep center field. Randal Grichuk scores. Justin Smoak scores. Brandon Drury strikes out swinging. Rowdy Tellez grounds out to second base, Brandon Lowe to Ji-Man Choi.
2 runs, 3 hits, 0 errors, 1 left on. Blue Jays 2, Rays 1.
Blue Jays eighth. Alen Hanson strikes out swinging. Luke Maile walks. Freddy Galvis strikes out swinging. Justin Smoak walks. Luke Maile to second. Teoscar Hernandez singles to left field. Justin Smoak to second. Luke Maile scores. Randal Grichuk strikes out swinging.
1 run, 1 hit, 0 errors, 2 left on. Blue Jays 3, Rays 1.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.915237
Retrieved Text: Official Nike England Home football shirt from the 2014/15 international season. Complete with Wilshire #7 on the front and back of the shirt.
Condition of this original football shirt is 9/10 Superb (see photos).
On 6 February 2013, Wilshere made his first start for England since 2011 due to injury, and was named man-of-the-match as England beat Brazil 2-1 at Wembley Stadium. Wilshere's performance was widely praised by many including manager Roy Hodgson, captain Steven Gerrard, Wayne Rooney and Frank Lampard. He was part of England's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad, coming on as a 73rd minute substitute in England's opening match against Italy. He started the final group match against Costa Rica, with England already eliminated from the competition.
Wilshere was awarded Man of the match in six out of seven UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying matches. His first England goals came on his 28th appearance on 14 June 2015, in a UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying match away to Slovenia, netting two long-range strikes as they came from behind to win 3-2 at the Stozice Stadium in Ljubljana.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.640293
Retrieved Text: Khaleel Ahmed, the left-arm fast bowler, had performed brilliantly in the Asia Cup of 2018.
In an interview, he said that he had a dream of playing under the captaincy of Mahendra Singh Dhoni and, when Dhoni captained a match in Asia Cup 2018, his dream came true.
When Dhoni left the captaincy, he thought that his dream of playing under the great man would never come true.
But in an Asian Cup match against Afghanistan, captain Rohit Sharma and vice-captain Shikhar Dhawan were at rest, allowing Dhoni to captain.
Khaleel is very happy that his dream came true and he said that it was his destiny that Dhoni captained for the one match. It was the second international match for Khaleel Ahmed and Dhoni gave him the chance to bowl in first over.
Khaleel also talked about his aim, saying he wants to be the main baller of the team. He said that he wants to be the baller whose name strikes first in the Captain’s mind whenever there is a need to clear out the opposite side.
Another thing that relates well with this match is, as a captain, it was the 200th match for MS Dhoni. The result of this interesting match was a tie but this match made Khaleel’s dream became reality.
Khaleel also got emotional when India won the Asia Cup 2018 Final against Bangladesh and MS Dhoni, the man of hearts, requested the captain Rohit Sharma to let the new player in the team hold the Asia Cup 2018 trophy.
This gesture by MS Dhoni won many hearts

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.626614
Retrieved Text: "I have worked with Jason for three years now.. He truly makes kicking look easy. He is a humble young man and strikes the ball on his field goals and kickoffs like no other freshman I have seen. Not only is Jason a ball striker in practice, but also under pressure. "

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.12947
Retrieved Text: Ivan Rakitic was only ten when Croatia reached the semi-final in France in 1998 and his hero was Robert Prosinecki. In a team with Davor Suker, Zvonimir Boban and Slaven Bilic, his idol remained relatively unnoticed even after scoring two goals. However, Prosinecki’s strikes were at least counted whereas, in case of Ivan Rakitic, it is still just that one official goal in the books, scored against Lionel Messi’s Argentina.
His other two ‘legitimate’ strikes were from the fifth and last penalties against Denmark and Russia in back-to-back tie-breakers in the round of 16 and quarter-final. No other player has done it at a World Cup. But these two goals remain uncounted in FIFA’s records.
Never mind, Croatian people will never forget Rakitic’s contribution to take them to the doorstep of history.
Before the all-important grand finale of the World Cup, Rakitic had no hesitation in declaring that they would be playing their biggest match on Sunday. As Croatia had spent most minutes on the pitch in Russia, including 90 minutes of extra time, the Barcelona man was asked to comment on the tiredness factor.
France have their base camp in Istra, around 75 kilometres from Moscow. They had their training session on Friday and Antoine Griezmann faced the media, 48 hours before the final.
In the tournament, he has been the coach’s player. Calmness is the key word under Didier Deschamps. There were other teams spoken highly about their talents, but they have gone home early. On the contrary, France have won five out of their six matches so far

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.854815
Retrieved Text: With his skill set of powerful strikes from long range, lightning-quick shots from inside the box and his magic dribbling tricks, Messi is unstoppable and untouchable everywhere on the pitch, leaving even his opponents scratching their heads in admiration. The game changed when he came into play, and it will never be the same. Because Messi is that rare player who can do everything, every minute of every match. These men’s soccer cleats are for the player who takes on the match like the man himself. With a messiTOUCH X-ray surface for lethal grip, a messiFRAME locked-in fit with an exposed cage and a messiGAMBETRAX stud design so you can play to win on firm and artificial ground.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.295666
Retrieved Text: Most everything in this world reflects the fact of a judgment. For example; It is base ball season, it is the last game of the World Series, the score is tied, it is the bottom of the ninth, the bases are loaded, it is a full count, three balls – two strikes. The pitcher throws the ball – the batter hits the ball to center field. The man on third base heads for home plate, the man in center field throws towards home – it is going to be close – the third base runner slides into home, the catcher makes the catch and moves for the tag out. Then the judgment, the crowd waits for the umpire’s call, safe or out. There is going the be an eternal call made by God, He never miss’s a call, are you safe from the judgment to come, do you know Christ’s as Savior and Lord?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.893814
Retrieved Text: WWE NXT photos for Sept. 27, 2017, featuring action-packed images of Oney Lorcan's fight with the mesomorphic Lars Sullivan, Adam Cole's in-ring debut against Eric Young and more.
Before his match against Lars Sullivan, Oney Lorcan made clear in an interview with Christy St. Cloud that he objects to the way Sullivan brutalizes other Superstars, citing Sullivan’s recent run-ins with No Way Jose specifically. Fired up, Lorcan went right at Sullivan with vicious strikes at the start of the match, but was unable to fell the big man. Instead, Sullivan absorbed the hard hits before turning Lorcan inside-out with a brutal clothesline. The behemoth then dropped Lorcan with a bone-rattling single-arm slam for the pin.
Sullivan threatened to continue his attack on Lorcan after the bell, but U.K. Superstar Danny Burch, who was recently observed practicing tag team moves with Lorcan at the WWE Performance Center, managed to pull Lorcan to safety, ending Sullivan’s warpath for now.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.701876
Retrieved Text: A large crowd was on hand at the White Hill Field as the Somerset Eagles played host to the Southampton Rangers in a battle for the League Title.
The Southampton Rangers would take a 1 – 0 lead in the 21st minute when Cardel Henry found the back of the net, Donte Brangman doubled the Southampton Rangers lead in the 53rd minute, but the Somerset Eagles would stage a comeback when Dane Simmons scored in the 60th minute, 11 minutes later the score was level, when a back pass from a Southampton Rangers defended looped over the Southampton Rangers goalkeeper and into the back of the net off the upright. Just when it would appear that the Somerset Eagles had done enough, but Quadir Maynard went on an amazing run and scored in the 91st minute.
At the Wellington Oval the St. George’s Colts got two goals from Sage Paynter as they defeated Vasco 4 – 0. Khaki Brangman and Micah Mendes added a goal each.
At Malabar, visiting Devonshire Colts came away with a 4 – 1 win over Ireland Rangers. The Devonhsire Colts got single strikes rom Diego Richardson, Jan-Henank Hein, Michael Williams and Enrique Wilkin, while Daunte Woods scored the lone goal for Ireland Rangers.
At the Police Field, Young Men Social Club and Hamilton Parish finished the season deadlocked at 2 – 2. Young Men Social Club got a goal apiece from Derek Ricketts and Shae Butterfield, while Giovanni Saltus and Kneiko Richardson scored for Hamilton Parish.
The PHC Zebras were presented the Premier Division Trophy, after

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.362644
Retrieved Text: The show is taking place at a baseball field and it’s naturally raining outside, so that might have an impact on in-ring quality and match length.
Kenny Bengal comes out and says that he was told they don’t have anyone for him to fight tonight. So, that leads to an open challenge and that’s answered by….
Third Contest: Ryback vs. Kenny Bengal: Ryback isn’t in his wrestling gear as he hits a spine buster to open the match. Ryback follows up with a running clothesline and a Samoan Drop as well. Well, that wasn’t an actual match, I guess.
Fourth Contest: Mandy Leon vs. Sumie Sakai: Leon takes Sakai down to the canvas with a headlock and almost get a three count with a rollup. Sakai has control with a camel clutch but isn’t going to get a submission. Leon hits a running bulldog for a near fall. Sakai stops Leon with an eye rake and hits a dropkick. Leon hits a DDT but Sakai kicks out at two. Leon with a reverse Russian leg sweep and has a head scissors submission but Sakai reaches the ropes. Sakai hits a fisherman swinging neck breaker. Leon hits a running Un-Prettier and that’s good enough for three. (**. That was a quick match, too. They kept a fine pace and the finisher by Leon was impactful.) After the match, Sakai rolls on the mat with Leon and leaves the ringside area. That was bizarre.
Seventh Contest: NEW Heavyweight Champion Hanson vs. Donovan Dijak: Dijak and Hanson shove each other to the canvas

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.340694
Retrieved Text: ESCWARA: Man Utd, Tue 4th April 2017, 8.00pm K.O.
Man Utd, Tue 4th April 2017, 8.00pm K.O.
TEXT Chris to be listed for match ticket and coach.
NO requests for match tickets will be taken without MEMBERSHIP.
PL goals: Foden strikes, Perez hat-trick - Watch the goals from Saturday's Premier League action, with wins for Man City, Newcastle, Watford and Fulham.
Arsenal, Sun 21 May 2017, 3.00pm K.O.
Swansea, Sat 6 May, 5.30 pm K.O.
West Ham, Sat 22 April 2017, 3.00pm K.O.
Liverpool, Sat 1 April 2017, 12.30pm K.O.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.313892
Retrieved Text: Yuvraj Singh is a man who does not need any introduction. An Indian International cricketer, Yuvraj was born on (12th December 1981) in Chandigarh, Punjab. He started playing cricket when he was 13 years old. He is the combination of girt and flair and showed an outstanding performance in the ICC under-19 World Cup of 1999 in which India had won. He began his career for the Indian International team in 2000 as an all-rounder who bats left-handed and bowls slow left arm orthodox. His debut ODI (One Day International) match was against Australia in which he was declared as the man of the match for his innings 84 (80). He performed splendidly and unleashed his batting virtuoso on the opposite team’s bowling attacks. He earned applause for his terrific performance and it was spectacle to witness when spectators were awestruck with his energy and strikes, especially when he was hitting every ball only to disappear into the crowds. After then he has been a shining star of theIndian International team. He played 373 matches so far, 40 test matches, 293 ODIs and 40 T20s. He had been the vice-captain of Indian ODI team 2007-2008.
He has been a magnificent player which he proved while playing against England. The ‘Six Sixes’ in ICC World Cup Twenty 20, is an indelible milestone in the history of 20th century cricket. Whenever we talk about Yuvraj, we always remember that fantastic moment in which he played so smoothly. After exchanging a few words with Flintoff he created history by hitting

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.249023
Retrieved Text: Not too many people know about Ranbir Kapoor‘s secret passion. It came out in the open field on Tuesday when Bollywood played a charity benefit match against a professional team of soccer players at the Abhijeet Kadam Memorial Football Cup match in Pune. Most clearly, Ranbir Kapoor was the man of the match. He not only surprised the spectators and his colleagues who were there at the event with his expertise at the game but also came home to Mumbai triumphant, having scored 4 out of the 7 goals scored by the Bollywood team, leading the film fraternity into a clean victory of the field.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.160238
Retrieved Text: Just when you thought you had seen everything in combat sports, a Brazilian MMA promotion booked a crazy fight between a bloke standing at 5 foot 4 and a 6 foot 7 fighter.
Savio, 1 foot and three inches taller than his opponent, had a monumental reach and height advantage to the point that it genuinely looked like a year 7 and a year 11 having a scrap in a cage.
But he lacked power and conviction with his strikes and incredibly, it was Celso who picked up the unlikely victory on decision - with the referee raising his hand and the two sharing a little and large embrace at the end of the fight.
It&apos;s not the first time that a mixed martial arts bout between two blokes at the opposite end of the spectrum has taken place, and like in this instance, it was the smaller man who emerged victorious.
Hong Man Choi and 5ft-10 welterweight Yi Long went toe-to-toe in one of the most bizarre fights of all time.
In this extraordinary match-up, there was a single nine-minute round and the fight could only be won by KO.
It didn&apos;t take long for the knockout to happen and it was Yi Long, dubbed the "Shaolin Monk" who provided it.
He planted a spinning kick to the giant&apos;s abdomen and the big man could not find it within him to continue.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.135279
Retrieved Text: Several university students were struck by lightning during a soccer match between Rubtsovsky Medical College and the local branch of Altai State University. The incident occurred on 21 September 2016 in Rubtsovsk, Russia. The lightning struck a goalpost while the players crowded the penalty area. While the first half was relatively clear, the second half was full of lightning and heavy rain but the referee did not call the game.
The strike killed one 18-year old player. After the strike occurred, teammates ran to the fatally injured player who was still barely breathing at the time. After understanding his injuries to be extreme, a teammate called the ambulance who did not believe him when he said lightning had killed his teammate. When the ambulance arrived 15 minutes later it could not drive on the field due to flooding from the storm and the player was already deceased. Teammates carried the injured and the dead to the parking lot.
Earth Networks Total Lightning Network detected almost 200 lightning strikes in the immediate area surrounding Rubtsovsk during the afternoon hours. Lightning struck three other boys aged 15, 19, and 19 who were reported in “stable” condition.
The above video shows the sporadic cloud-to-ground lightning strikes hitting the region during the afternoon hours of 21 September.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.073185
Retrieved Text: Kota Ibushi and Tomohiro Ishii are two of the most enigmatic wrestlers in the industry. Their paths to the top have been uniquely atypical, especially in the context of Japanese wrestling culture. This, along with the fact that both have a genuine claim to be up there with the best wrestlers in the world, has served to heighten the popularity that both men have with fans (locally as well as internationally).
Ibushi in particular is an anomaly in today’s wrestling climate. He is a man that walks to the beat of his own drum, and revels in the creative freedom that he has managed to allow himself to garner. He can be found having a 5 star classic one night, only to wrestle a comedy-based match in the forest shooting fireworks at his opponent the next. This is no more so evident than his stint having full-time contracts with both NPJW as well as Dramatic Dream Team (the promotion where he made his debut in 2004 and cut his teeth as a wrestler) from 2013 to 2016. In NJPW, he showed off his prowess in serious scenarios, whereas DDT allowed him to take the edge off and have the crazy matches that he became famous for. With all that being said, it is when he is really switched on and focused on having an excellent match that he can truly show that he is one of the best around.
Ishii, on the other hand, has also had a peculiar rise to the top. Starting his career in 1996,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.984316
Retrieved Text: How to calculate the worth of Wayne Rooney to Manchester United? It’s quite the conundrum, and the beauty of it, as far as the player is concerned, is that he can just keep playing while others keep totting up his value.
Rooney’s status at his club is unmistakably high these days. Consider his input in the last few games: man of the match in inspiring a victory over Arsenal; scorer of one of the goals in Cardiff; dazzling at Bayer Leverkusen as the creator of four of United’s five strikes; main man once again at Tottenham with the goals to drag his team back into the game twice at White Hart Lane. Hardly bears thinking about where they would be without him.
After a summer that started so negatively when Sir Alex Ferguson left him out of his farewell match at Old Trafford because United’s number 10 had made noises about leaving, and the not-so-subtle stance that stewed through most of the summer market, the Rooney question was the trickiest problem for the incoming David Moyes to solve.
Coming into December, with Rooney in fantastic form, that appears to be the last thing Moyes has to worry about. On the surface that puzzle has been handled very effectively. But beneath the surface, the contract quandary lingers. Come the end of the season Rooney will have just one year left on his current deal.
If no improved terms are rubber stamped soon, United face the possibility that the player may choose to let his contract run down and take his pick

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.943453
Retrieved Text: Well he is a big guy. I still think Fedor, but it isn't out of the realm that this guy could beat Fedor.
Hong Man Choi is big. But he loses MORE than Bob Sapp. And Sapp loses many times. Hell, this side of Katsuyori Shibata, Choi is probably the man that should have retired from MMA/Kickboxing althogether now.
No knees allowed in the fight, now.
Fedor will make easy work of Choi.
yes it is. Fedor is the best pound for pound fighter in the world. Hong is a freak show and a standard Can for better fighters to destroy.
sure he's not as much a phail as giant silva, but hong still isn't much of a fighter.
Why is Fedor ducking real competition?
Eh it's the best m-1 could come up with.
You're all forgetting the power of Techno.
Who is he ducking?? He beat everybody you honestly tell me Fedor should be fighting the likes of Tim Sylvia, Kongo or Gonz to prove he is the best in the world? Fedor has set the bar and nobody has even beat the #2 in the world Big Nog, which Fedor did twice.
That's simply not true, Hong is an accomplished kickboxer who's miles ahead of guys like Tim Sylvia who people say "has a chance of beating Fedor". I'm positive though that Fedor will beat Hong man the size isn't a problem, Fedor knocked out a 400lbs Zulu in 10 seconds.
Shut up, PRIDE has given me more entertainment and good fights in one show than UFC has given me all together.
Man I know it

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.938482
Retrieved Text: Today Cristiano Ronaldo turns 34. The man who burst on the football scene a teenager is now an accomplished player. Many consider him the best player on the planet. Be it free kicks, penalties or even field goals, the man is a scoring machine. Even now, he is not yet past his prime and still world class defenders have their hands full with him.
So today on his birthday, Ronaldo fans get to know a little more about their favourite player. He is a legend in his own right and his legacy will be one that is not easy to match. Happy Birthday Ronaldo, may you continue to entertain us on the field for years to come.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.933495
Retrieved Text: If it wasn’t apparent that NXT needed Kenta and Prince Devitt, it is now. With a plethora of squash matches and all the same faces in the NXT title picture, NXT needs a major shake up.
The Ascension: Konnor and Viktor vs. Unnamed Jobbers: Viktor played with one of them for a few seconds before he brought in the other member of the team and a Fall of Man later and you have another joke of a match. After the decimation, the team delivered a cliche-ridden promo that did nothing to add more to their upcoming title match.
Sasha Banks vs. Bayley: Whoa. Banks was in complete control until Bayley hit the Belly-to-Baily Suplex for the win.
Bull Dempsey vs. Angelo Dawkins: Dempsey hit a ton of strikes and finished off Dawkins with the Bulldozer for the win.
Tyson Kidd and Tyler Breeze vs. Sami Zayn and NXT Champion Adrian Neville: Zayn and Neville worked well together, while Breeze and Kidd couldn’t get along until later in the match. After Breeze and Kidd got rolling, they took it hard to Neville especially, cutting off the ring and using quick tags. Zayn eventually got the tag and changed the momentum, but Kidd evened things out with an awesome Swinging Three-Handled Credenza. After an Exploder Suplex in the corner, Zayn tagged in Neville as things began to break down. After Breeze took out Neville on the top rope, Breeze dodged a Zayn Big Boot, which caused Zayn to inadvertently hit his partner. Although he hit the Blue Thunder on Breeze, Kidd eliminated

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.88569
Retrieved Text: Mohamed Salah refused to take the Man of the Match award after his stunning hat-trick against Bournemouth.
Instead, the Liverpool forward gave it to James Milner, who made his 500th Premier League appearance during the 4-0 thrashing at the Vitality Stadium.
Salah said: “500 games – I have to congratulate him for an amazing career. He deserves it today.
The Egyptian’s hat-trick sent Liverpool top of the Premier League ahead of Manchester City’s clash with Chelsea later on Saturday.
There was a hint of luck about Salah’s first goal, coming from an offside position, however the goals that would follow were superb individual strikes.
Salah held off a crude challenge from Steve Cook, who turned into his own net for Liverpool’s third, to slot away his second before twisting Asmir Begovic inside-out to complete his hat-trick.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.874138
Retrieved Text: PORT ST. LUCIE — If he didn't earn a spot on the 25-man major league roster, at least Rafael Montero earned a new chance with the Mets this spring. The one-time top prospect, who had pitched his way out of the good graces of the organization over the last two years, has earned praise this spring for rebuilding his body and his approach.
"He's throwing the ball very well but we haven't finalized the roster," Terry Collins said after Montero threw two scoreless innings in the Mets' 2-2 tie with the Braves at Champions Field. "He throws strikes. We always knew he had the command but he kind of pitched to the edge in the big leagues. Now he's using the plate and his stuff is playing."
Montero was once the top prospect in the Mets system, but he struggled to throw strikes. He has been sidelined by that and a shoulder injury that kept him on the disabled list most of 2015. He worked to get stronger this winter, particularly in his shoulders, and this spring he's shown he is not afraid to throw strikes.
The Mets are strongly considering bringing Montero along when they break camp Thursday to be their long-man in the bullpen. There is another argument within the organization that says he should go to Triple-A and be stretched out to be an emergency starter in case of injury to the rotation. With Steven Matz likely starting the season on the disabled list, the Mets will almost certainly keep Seth Lugo in the big leagues,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.734877
Retrieved Text: One of the leading Knights of the Round Table, Gawain was the son of King Lot of Lothian and Orkney, and his origins may be more closely associated with early Scottish history under his Celtic name Gwalchmai. He first features strongly in the Arthurian story as related by Geoffrey of Monmouth in Historia Regum Britanniae (1136), where he is one of Arthur's most valiant knights. In the later romances, especially those by the French and German writers, Gawain is less of a successful Hero, being instead rather a hot-head who blunders into adventures regardless of success. However, in the anonymous medieval poem Sir Gawain and the Green Knight (14th century) he is portrayed as near perfection, a courageous knight prepared to sacrifice his life in order to face a challenge and meet his obligations. In this story Camelot is visited on New Year's Day by a giant of a man dressed all in green and riding a green horse. He challenges Arthur's men to a beheading match. Gawain takes up the challenge and strikes off the knight's head. The knight, though, recovers the head and departs, reminding Gawain of his promise. The following year Gawain sets out to find the knight at the Green Chapel. He is at first unsuccessful, and spends Christmas at a castle with its lord, his wife and an old lady. He learns that the Green Chapel is nearby and, after three days, after being subject to various temptations, is led there, where he meets the knight. The knight strikes three blows:

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.711012
Retrieved Text: Vanessa has been nominated for an award honoring the Volunteer Parent of the Year at Eve's school. The principal told her to prepare a few words. That means there's a good chance she's going to win. Vanessa is basking in the glory of her moment in the sun. Unfortunately, the moment ends abruptly when Mike announces that Peyton Manning stopped by Outdoor Man. Apparently, he was holding Ed like a football!
Vanessa feels like her parenting award may be in jeopardy when another woman gets her husband's landscaping company to donate sod for the baseball field. Mike helps even the playing field by getting Outdoor Man to put up a shiny new scoreboard. Everyone is talking about it. Vanessa thinks this will make it look like she's trying to buy the award.
Mandy lets her dad know that he sometimes has a tendency to steal the spotlight. Mike disagrees. He believes the spotlight just seems to find him. In other news, Eve worries about fitting in at high school before heading out to an orientation mixer. She looks so beautiful and mature in her new dress. Vanessa gives her daughter a little pep talk before sending her on her way.
When the emcee at the award/auction event falls ill, Vanessa asks Mike to pinch hit. The guests loves him. He totally works the crowd to get others to cough up some big bucks. Of course, he didn't intend for his wife to be one of his money targets. Vanessa unwittingly bids $2,500 for a quilt when she gets overexcited

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.66197
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Fightful.com's live coverage & discussion for NJPW Best Of The Super Juniors 24 Day Two. We'll be bringing you full, match by match coverage of every bout on the card. You can also send in your feedback on our Disqus boards below!
Suzuki-Gun (Yoshinobu Kanemaru & El Desparado) def. ACH & Volador Jr.
The match begins with a brawl breaking out between everybody in the match, Mask IV is assaulted with running dropkicks by all three members of the opposing team. Yagi attacks Mask IV with forearm strikes before missing a drop kick, Mask IV drops Kitamura with chops before kicking him in the midsection. Oka tags in and he drops Kitamura with a shoulder tackle for a near fall, Oka slams Kitamura and then cracks him with a series of forearm strikes. Oks then slams Kitamura a few times for a near fall, Oka looks for a suplex and Kitamura winds up nailing him with one, Yagi tags in and he nails Oka with strikes in the corner.
Yagi then catches Oka with a hip toss for a near fall, Yagi follows that up by slamming Oka for another near fall. Yagi and Oka get into a striking exchange in the center of the ring, Kawato gets the tag from Oka and he works over Yagi in the corner. Yagi then drops a charging Kawato with a drop kick before tagging Umino in, Umino slams Kawato for a near fall. Umino locks Kawato in a Boston crab until Mask IV breaks it all up, a brawl

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.638603
Retrieved Text: It’s not long, though, before she sees the Lincoln that Speed knows: an amiable, profound man who, despite his awkwardness, has a gentle wit to match his genius, and who respects her keen political mind. But as her relationship with Lincoln deepens, she must confront his inseparable friendship with Speed, who has taught his roommate how to dance, dress, and navigate the polite society of Springfield.
Told in the alternating voices of Mary Todd and Joshua Speed, and inspired by historical events, Courting Mr. Lincoln creates a sympathetic and complex portrait of Mary unlike any that has come before; a moving portrayal of the deep and very real connection between the two men; and most of all, an evocation of the unformed man who would grow into one of the nation’s most beloved presidents. Louis Bayard, a master storyteller, delivers here a page-turning tale of love, longing, and forbidden possibilities.
Louis Bayard is a New York Times Notable Book author and has been shortlisted for both the Edgar and Dagger awards for his historical thrillers, which include The Pale Blue Eye and Mr. Timothy. His most recent novel was the critically acclaimed young-adult title Lucky Strikes. He lives in Washington, D.C., and teaches at George Washington University. Visit him online at www.louisbayard.com.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.612782
Retrieved Text: Mika rubbed her head lightly. "Yeah, I think I'm okay." she smiled and said softly, "It's hard to believe I won't have a nightmare again, but I'll admit my mind feels lighter."
Mika catches Anihe before she hits the ground. "Well this is no place for her to be unconscious, we'll go back to my house for now." Mika's shadow wrapped around them, and they were gone.
Freya landed softly down in the field, she ignored the strikes of lighting as the struck the ground. "Now to find this person and get rid of them." she muttered, and began making her way through the field.
"a horse drawn carriage makes its way through the field. oddly enough lightning doesn't seem to strike in its vicinity"
She looked at the carriage in slight confusion, sighing she let her dagger fall into her hand and cautiously made her way towards the carriage.
"a man was sitting atop the carriage he watched as freya got closer" speak your name stranger "another man sitting next to the driver watched freya walking and took a defensive posture"
"My name is Freya, I am searching for a person named Elrose." she said once she was close to them.
"the mans eye twitched" and what business do you have with him?
"Nothing at all, just want to meet and have a chat." she said with a shrug.
"the man eyed the woman suspiciously" hmmmm " the man looked toward the other man sitting next to the driver" i am elrose, what will you have of me? "the man sitting next to the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.592043
Retrieved Text: Bear witness as two of the Marvel Universe's most deadly villains make life even more unbearable for the Incredible Hulk! First, watch as the Abomination - the only gamma-spawned creature able to match the Hulk's strength - strikes a bargain with a secret organization by promising to bring in the Hulk once and for all! Then, see what happens when Crusher Creel - a.k.a. the Absorbing Man - uses his awesome powers in a most unexpected way: by absorbing the mind of the Bruce Banner's alter ego, the Hulk! When the gamma-green dust settles, will either of these two heinous heavyweights have proven to be more than a match for old Jade Jaws? Collecting INCREDIBLE HULK (2000) #50-59.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.591925
Retrieved Text: Here, Hoyler Gracie takes on a Karate black belt who claimed to have developed a “street lethal” style that was unbeatable. If you watch this video, you will see how wrong he was. Once taken to the ground by the BJJ master, the karate man didn’t stand a chance.
But the message didn’t get across, so after tapping out he decided to give it another try, resulting in an even quicker submission.
In China’s first MMA event, watch a BJJ Blue Belt take out a cocky guy. The BJJ man stays calm… so calm his opponent relaxes and crosses his legs, making some in the crowd laugh. Then, the BJJ blue belt finishes him with an arm bar after getting the mount.
Notice how the Tae Kwon Do black belt (black shirt) had no idea what to do with his body on the mat when compared to the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt. In the end, he gave his back, the BJJ black belt set his hooks and went for the choke, resulting in immediate submission.
Here you see how a wrestler gets comfortable with his back on the ground… something out of the norm for a wrestler. You’ll see the wrestler (a US champion) give the BJJ master his back, resulting in almost-immediate choke.
Notice how the Muay Thai artist can land some good strikes but none of them are useful once he gets picked up and slammed to the ground by the BJJ artist.
The Kung Fu man tries to keep space between himself and the BJJ expert… because he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.573738
Retrieved Text: LIVERPOOL, N.Y. – Rhino Page of Orlando, Florida, captured his first career major championship after defeating top seed Jakob Butturff of Tempe, Arizona, in the title match of the 2017 U.S. Open, 256-222.
Page struck on eight of his first nine deliveries during the championship round Wednesday at Flamingo Bowl, winning his sixth career Professional Bowlers Association Tour title, the coveted green jacket and $30,000 top prize. The stepladder finals of the 2017 U.S. Open were broadcast live on CBS Sports Network.
Page and Butturff matched each other shot for shot for the first five frames of the title match, but Butturff was unable to strike in the sixth and seventh frames, leaving and converting a pair of single pins.
Butturff, a 23-year-old left-hander, opened in the eighth frame after leaving the 4-6-10 split as Page continued to strike through the ninth frame. Page sealed the victory with an eight count on his first shot of the 10th frame.
A ball change in his semifinal win against 2013 U.S. Open champion Wes Malott gave Page the look he needed heading into the title match against Butturff, who averaged more than 223 throughout the week at Flamingo Bowl. Page defeated Malott, 226-155.
Butturff led the field after 56 games by 617 pins, including bonus pins, and he found a similar fate as several others who have held sizable leads heading into the title match. He earned $15,000 for the runner-up finish.
United States Bowling Congress and PBA Hall of Famer Earl Anthony led the 1979 and 1980 U.S. Open by 578 and 551

================



======= Instance Index 2007 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is talking outside in a garden. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is holding a pocket knife in his hand.

Ending 2: is trimming the hedges with a green mower.

Ending 3: is using a weed eater on the newly planted plants.

Ending 4: is while walking to and showing croquet sticks.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.98654
Retrieved Text: This took place several years ago, when I was staying with a friend of mine, Monica, and her family in Maine. Her parents had a summer place out there and I would go with them quite often. We were in my friend’s bedroom when I saw something walk past the window. This is a second floor bedroom so I was shocked to see something go past the window. I didn’t get much of a look at it—but I know it was completely white—pale even.
After that I tried to tell myself I hadn’t seen anything. Monica didn’t seem to be bothered by it so we both spent the afternoon reading and talking together.
The next day we were outside and I had forgotten about the bedroom incident. We were in the garden when I felt strange—sick to my stomach. I wanted to go inside straight away. Monica wanted to stay outside but she gave in and we went back to her bedroom. I was looking out of the window when I saw him. A man standing in the garden wearing black, with a black hat, looking up at me in the bedroom. He waved at me and I saw his eyes. They were completely black. After the wave, he lifted the hat off of his head and beckoned me to come to him. I stood completely still and did nothing.
He stood there for a few seconds and then just faded away, still smiling. I didn’t see him again—but I knew he was bad news. The way he waved

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.888023
Retrieved Text: Spécial Magazine | Bad news ladies, Andrew Garfield is gay!
In an interview for Gay Times magazine, the actor made these surprising revelations.
While talking about his new play Angels in America in which he plays a gay character, Andrew Garfield explained how he spends his spare time when he’s not on the stage.“My only time off during rehearsals – every Sunday I would have eight friends over and we would just watch Ru.” For those who are not familiar with this show, RuPaul’s Drag Race is a drag queen reality show.”This is my life outside of this play. I am a gay man right now just without the physical act – that’s all.”, he added.
Emma Stone’s ex explained: “As far as I know, I am not a gay man,” Andrew begins – with Gay Times in the audience. “Maybe I’ll have an awakening later in my life, which I’m sure will be wonderful and I’ll get to explore that part of the garden, but right now I’m secluded to my area, which is wonderful as well. I adore it, but a big concern was what right do I have to play this wonderful gay role?”.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.600769
Retrieved Text: The Garden of Gethsemane was chosen by Jesus as His last place of prayer during His final hours, and it was chosen by Judas as the place where he would betray Jesus. The Garden of Gethsemane now has 2000-year-old gnarled olive trees that may have been young saplings when Jesus came here with the disciples to pray. The garden in Jesus’ time would have been an olive grove where an olive-oil press was located (Gethsemane is a Greek form of the Hebrew gat shemanim ([olive] oil press.) Photo by T. Keener.
Jesus sends Peter and John to prepare for the Passover meal. Jesus instructs them to follow a man and ask him about his guest room. They head towards Jerusalem and locate the man who shows them a large upper room in his house and they begin the preparations.
The Passover meal was to be eaten at night and to be completed before midnight.
Peter and John probably go back to Bethany to get Jesus and the other 10 disciples and bring them to the upper room where they have the prepared meal. The Passover meal begins with the blessing of the wine.
Sometime during the meal Jesus tells the disciples that one of them would betray Him. Judas was probably sitting close to Jesus, and since there were likely several dishes around the table, they would have dipped in the same bowl together.
The upper room, also known as the Cenacle, is in the Franciscan Church of the Coenaculum on Mount Zion and is believed by some to be the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.242617
Retrieved Text: Q: Give us a little background for those folks who have not been lucky enough to meet you. How did you get here?
A: I was talking to a classmate at NCCU how much I missed the garden volunteering I used to do in Detroit. She told me she knew just the place for me to go. So in June of 2016 I first stepped foot into the Camden Garden. After that I kept volunteering, and that became an internship, which became a part-time job, and now I manage the garden full time!
Q: Do you have a Mission Moment ready to share?
A: I do … I have two actually. The first was the day a young man, maybe 20, wandered into the garden. He said “what’s going on over here?” And I said—what’s going on? This is a community garden that’s here for all the neighborhood to enjoy! Then he said to me “wow, I’ve lived here my whole life, but I never knew this garden was here … it’s beautiful. This community deserves to have something this beautiful.” And I was just really touched to know that all this work is so appreciated and supported.
Q: And the second interaction that is important to you?
A: The second was last summer, and one of our community gardeners was having some health problems. She was having a hard time finding foods she could tolerate without pain. One of the few things she could eat were the Sungold tomatoes she was growing. So all summer, she would come and harvest

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.739634
Retrieved Text: One day the boy roamed into a part of the city that was unfamiliar to him and he climbed a wall that was also unfamiliar to him. On the other side was a beautiful garden. But more beautiful than the garden was the girl sitting by a pool in the centre of it trailing her fingers in the water.
He knew that no one as ugly stupid and lazy as himself would make much of an impression on her, so he sat on the wall and began to play his flute. He played out all his dreams and hopes and fears to her.
The next day he did the same and the next. She never looked at him or acknowledged him, but simply sat there day after day by the pool. He dreamed of sliding off the wall one day, taking her in his arms and whisking her away to a little hut by the river where they would live happily ever after. But he didn’t’t.
One day he heard some villagers talking about the daughter of the Pharaoh and they described the garden where she spent her days. The boy realized that he had fallen in love with a princess. A princess would never love a poor boy that was ugly, stupid and lazy. Heartbroken, he wandered all night.
At dawn he passed some merchants talking. One of them said “you know the magician Habeebee? He can do anything”.
“Anything? The boy asked. “Can he change a man’s soul?”.
“If you walked in that direction for three days, you will find

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.713741
Retrieved Text: How can one get close to a גדול בתורה, someone who is great in Torah and a real tzadik, in order to be able to learn from him and grow?
The question is how can we get close to the Gedolim, the real tzadikim. But before you answer that question, you have to ask, “Who are the Gedolim?” That’s number one. I’m not saying they’re not Gedolim. ברוך ה׳ we have Gedolim. Absolutely! I know Gedolim. I won’t tell you who they are though. Because the other ones will be jealous and they’ll get upset at me – why didn’t I tell you their names also.
We have many Gedolim and tzadikim today too. But you have to find them. And then, when you discover a Gadol and a tzadik, make it your business to live near him. Your wife will say that you can’t afford the rent. We can’t move. I want to live near my mother. Whatever it is, you’ll find difficulties.
But if you’re able to live near a true עבד ה׳, someone who is really serving Hashem, then when he walks in the street, ask him, “Can I walk along with you?” Ask him. Maybe he’ll let you. You know, that you’ll be a very lucky man to find a Gadol like that.
You know that there was once a boy – I think I told you this story once already. There was a boy who saw a Gadol walking outside the town frequently. So the boy followed him. And because he followed him, he became

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.621178
Retrieved Text: The incident is alleged to have happened at around 12.40am on Saturday, November 26 in the beer garden outside Vines Wine Bar on Sadler Gate.
A 22-year-old man was punched in the face by another man and suffered a broken jaw.
He was taken by ambulance to Royal Derby Hospital where he received treatment for his injuries.
The man in the CCTV was in the area at the time of the assault and officers think he may have information that would help their investigation.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.434216
Retrieved Text: Atamato eating pancakes (made by Alan) for the first time!
So there’s a guy that we work with called ‘Colonel’ Atamato. Although we tend to just call him by his name. And despite sounding Japanese, he is actually 100% Congolese. He is the conservateur principal of the Upemba National Park (our project) and works for the ICCN (Institut Congolais pour la Conservation de la Nature), which is the national Congolese conservation body in charge of all the national parks and zoos in the DRC. He’s staying with us in Lubumbashi until we move into the park.
Atamato is an absolutely wonderful man. He’s very quiet, very pensive, very reserved; but very bright. And he possesses a great laugh and sense of humour.
We were talking outside the other day, at the back of the office, both eating guavas that had just been hand-picked from the tree in the garden. In the background was music from the church across the street, gospel-style music. Booming African voices, both male and female, were creating beautiful harmonies and rejoicing at life.
After a while, I started humming the tune and ‘dancing’ – for those who know my ‘dancing’ well enough, you’ll be relieved to know that the ‘dancing’ in question was merely a mild neck-and-shoulder-style swaying. So nothing too offensive.
Even so, he looked at me with a hint of a grin escaping onto his face, seemingly amused. Naturally, I felt obliged to explain that I liked the music.
I thought that was a beautiful, and entirely unexpected response.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.402218
Retrieved Text: We started our new Science topic today (06.09.18) - rocks, fossils and soil. We started by looking at rocks and the type of people that work with rocks, and talking about differences and similarities between different rocks.
We noticed that some rocks have crystals in them, some rocks are crumbly and fragile, some rocks leave marks on our hands like chalk or coal and some rocks are man-made like bricks. We then went outside into the Oldway Peace Garden to find different rocks, looking in particular for these similarities and differences. One of the interesting things we found were that sometimes people use natural rocks to make man-made things, like the wall at the back of the Peace Gardens.
Have a look at some of the things that we discovered on our exploration.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.297358
Retrieved Text: Genesis 1:26-27 begins the story of Adam and Eve.
"Then God said, "Let Us make man in Our image, according to Our likeness; and let them rule over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the sky and over the cattle and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth. And God created man in His own image, in the image of God He created him; male and female He created them."
The date of Creation is debatable. Flavius Josephus puts it at 5555 B.C. The Septuagint places Creation in 5270 B.C. Other dates include Kepler in 3993, Luther in 3961, Lipman in 3916, and the Jewish date of 3760.
The best-known system based on Biblical data is that of James Ussher. Ussher ( 1581-1656 ) was the Archbishop and a prominent scholar of his time.
He places Creation in 4004 B.C. Isaac Newton subscribed to Ussher's date. In his detailed study of chronology, The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms Ammended, questions the legitimacy of the ancient Egyptian claim that the 1st Dynasty originated before 5000 B.C. Up to the 18th century, it was generally accepted as fact that the human past did not exceed beyond 6000 B.C.
The first thing one will notice in the story of Adam and Eve, is God uses the words "Us", and "Our", in describing who created man. Some have suggested God is talking to His angels, however, this is in direct contradiction to the Bible.
Share Your Thoughts on Adam and Eve!
Do you believe God created two

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.175087
Retrieved Text: A drunk, shirtless man has been arrested outside a Florida Olive Garden while shoving pasta into his mouth after harassing customers inside.
Ben Padgett, 32, was taken into custody in Naples, Florida, at around 3.30pm Saturday.
Before arresting him, officers gave him paper towel to wipe his mouth.
Padgett allegedly walked into the Olive Garden, shouted at staff and customers and ranted, according to The Miami Herald.
He also allegedly screamed profanities at patrons as they entered the restaurant while he was sitting outside.
It is unclear how he obtained the pasta he was eating when police arrived.
Witnesses said he had been shouting at patrons asking them for money beforehand.
One staff member said he taunted him by asking him whether he had male or female genitalia.
Padgett was booked into county jail for drunken disorderly conduct.
In his mugshot, he has scratched and cuts to his face but it is unclear how he sustained them.
He has also faced more serious charges including assaulting a pregnant woman.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.050674
Retrieved Text: Hannah and her family come to America from Taiwan to gain freedom. For them to become Americans and have their freedom, they must obtain their greencards. Hannah and her family's journey of over 2 years, encompasses many trials. Hannah and her family feel relief, excitement and prode as they finally receive their greencards and are now able to call American their home.
A man digs out a talking yam from his garden. The man is confused and asks his dog if he is talking, but the dog says it is the yam talking. The man runs to the village to tell people about the talking yam and dog. People do not believe the man until things starts talking to them.
Learn the alphabet from a diverse perspective through the Hawaiian, Japanese and Chinese cultures. Learn more about these different cultures through the ethnic words and colorful illustrations.
Keep climbing, girls | by Richards, Beah E.
Climb the highest tree possible with an ambitious young girl and learn never stop reaching for your hopes and dreams. Children are reminded that goal setting and perserverence are keys to success.
Sara and Bob want to invite their tiger friend over for tea. When Sara fails to tell her mother that she invited a tiger, chaos occurs. The tiger leaves, but Sara and Bob find him in the forest where they have the best party ever.
Johnny brings home a baby bear that eats everything and grows bigger and bigger. Johnny tries to take him back to the woods, but the bear keeps coming back. Finally,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.947174
Retrieved Text: We were all set to begin construction on our on farm store when I noticed how roughly Old Man Winter had treated our old cinder block chicken house. This chicken house was built probably starting in the 1950's and was built in two sections. The first section (the left hand side) was built by someone who apparently thought that footers that extended deeper than the frost line (4 feet for us) were optional, and opted not to. Last winter we didn't have much snow so the frost picked up and put back down this section of the building repeatedly. That third of the building was in pretty rough shape before, but now there is a split that runs from the ground to the rafter plate right in the left corner of the big doorway in the picture. As a matter of fact that whole wall is starting to buckle.
Our friend and sometimes hired man has had an eventfull summer. Seamus is one of the last homesteaders. For the past few years he had been living in the milkhouse of his old family farm, with cold running water and a cookstove which he used for cooking and which kept the milkhouse from freezing up. He has an old jersey milk cow which, in conjunction with his chickens and garden provide him with almost all of his sustainance. He has been able to sustain himself this way with only occasional outside work. This spring the word came down from his aunt and uncle who own the land that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.873505
Retrieved Text: Howard Finster's vision from God telling him to paint sacred art. Courtsey of Jarvis Cocker.
In 1983 Howard Finster appeared on Johnny Carson which helped to bring Southern Self-Taught Folk Art (Outsider Art) into the mainstream.
A vision from a 15 foot man was what moved Howard Finster to build Paradise Gardens. Video courtesy of Jarvis Cocker.
A third life changing vision came to him by a 15 foot man who told him to start making art in his garden. From there Finster began transforming his backyard into the art space that would come to be known as “Paradise Garden” which actually came from an article in Esquire in calling his garden a Paradise. By the time of his death in 2001, Paradise Garden contained over 46,000 pieces of art, including 40,000 paintings. Much of his work focuses on religious and pop culture iconography, depicted sans-perspective on a flat picture plane. Always colorful and painstakingly detailed, Howard Finster claimed that the works were ordained by god.
After being featured in a 1975 Esquire article on self-taught artists, Finster’s star rose higher than ever before. In 1977, he created 4 paintings for the Library of Congress. By the mid-1980’s Finster had appeared on Johnny Carson’s Tonight Show, produced cover art for R.E.M. and the Talking Heads, and exhibited at the Venice Biennale (1984). His work is now included in hundreds of exhibitions across the country and he was given a major retrospective exhibit at the High Museum in Atlanta in 1996. A permanent installation of his work was later added to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.822565
Retrieved Text: Rates: 69-56 EUR per night. Minimum Rental - 2 nights.
Brugge-man Bed & Breakfast provides a wonderful place for you to stay whilst you visit the delights of Bruges. The Bruges B&B is located outside just outside the main city center. The Bruges B&B is surrounded by a lovely garden is available at all times for guests use.
The proprietors can offer you guidance on places to visit.
In the evening you may have difficulty in choosing where to eat because Bruges boasts an enormous choice of restaurants. But on your return, and especially if the weather is in more fickle mood, you are also welcome to meet Patrick, who had a leading function function at the famous hotelschool Ter Groene Poorte. Through the years, he was responsible for all sorts of events (more than 45 times at the royal palace) and he knows quite a few things about wine. Or Magda will give you a guided tour around the beautiful garden.
Double Bed, Shared Bath, TV.
Brugge-man Bed and Breakfast has 3 main rooms.
The adjacent room (16m²), called Sébastien's Room has a double bunkbed (bottom bunk is a double bed), a wardrobe and a sitting area with TV.
There's a door between Nicolas' and Sebastien's room. So these rooms can be rented combined as a Family Suite. The price is the sum of both rooms seperately.
Justin's Room is a double bed room and has his own spa-shower and washing-accommodation. A TV is available.
Breakfast and VAT 6 % included.
Please note that smoking is not allowed in our house.
A child's bed can be

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.784485
Retrieved Text: A family film containing scenes of a domestic garden; a visit to Tunbridge Wells; a large country house and a holiday to Cornwall(?).
The film opens with scenes of a domestic house and garden. A man and two women play with a white poodle, picking it up to pose for the camera. We then see one of the women on the street with the dog, before returning to the garden.
The women go for a drive in a dark green car. There is a uniformed driver in dark trousers, jacket and a cap. The following shot shows the car parked in Tunbridge Wells, where the women leave the car and walk with the dog around the Pantiles. The camera focuses on the houses and shops in this part of the town. There are also views of The Common and the town behind it.
The next part of the film begins with shots of horses in a field. A young girl climbs on a gate and strokes the animals. There are views of a large stable area and a horse-box. The girl stands in front of the camera wearing jodhpurs. There follow shots of a country house with large gardens. A young boy joins the girl in front of the camera in the garden, and a man wearing a waistcoat, tweed jacket and riding boots strolls into view. He is seen talking to the camera and looking at flower beds, before he walks away hand in hand with the children and enters the house. There are several panning shots of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.744448
Retrieved Text: CCTV images have been released of a man police want to speak in connection with an assault in Reading town centre where a man was seriously injured.
At around 1am, on Saturday, September 16, a man was talking to a woman in Cross Street outside Nu-Vo clothes shop.
He was then approached by three men and a row broke out.
The man then assaulted all three of the men, punching them so they fell to the gorund.
He then walked to Friar Street with the woman.
The three men followed him and he assaulted them again outside STA Travel.
One man in his fifties suffered a serious head injury and is still in hospital.
The other men suffered minor injuries.
After the incident, the men and the woman ran off down Friar Street.
Investigating officer, Detective Constable Peter Cave of Force CID, based at Reading police station, said: “We are investigating this assault which started on Cross Street continuing on to Friar Street, both in Reading Town Centre, which happened at around 1am.
“We are releasing CCTV images of a man we believe may have vital information in connection with our investigation.
Anyone with information can call Thames Valley Police on 101 quoting reference 43170275074 or Crimestoppers anonymously.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.697514
Retrieved Text: A man walked into a New York McDonald's Tuesday morning just after a fight right outside.
Fellow patrons were shocked to see a 6-inch knife lodged in his back.
ABC 7 in New York has video of the incident. In it, the man is seen calmly talking on his cell phone as people and police gather around him. He was apparently calling to say his farewells, according to ABC 7.
The 50-year-old man was not seriously injured, though.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.695415
Retrieved Text: A man caught on video having a total meltdown has become the new meme to express all our angriest emotions. Twitter user @vitaminDiddy videotaped his friend screaming at someone on the phone, capturing the exact moment he appeared to be yelling, “What the FAWK are you talking about?!” I mean, I’m not a lip reader, but it’s pretty clear and also conveyed via body language. You don’t cross your arms like that unless you’ve just cursed.
It’s hard to know exactly who this guy is talking to, but @vitaminDiddy jokes he’s talking to his girlfriend. I’ve definitely screamed into the phone like that in my life, but I was talking to my mom. Sorry, mom, if you read this. Seeing it from the outside, it looks bad…but also extremely relatable. The people you love drive you absolutely bananas, and before you know it you’re yelling in a stairwell, staring blindly into the streets of Bushwick.
My man when he has asked me what do I want to eat and I say IDK but also says no to everything he suggested.
ON the one hand, I believe anyone could lose it at some point under the right conditions. On the other hand, how did your buddy know to film you?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.648962
Retrieved Text: will be transferring some bible study material here.
Question: Why did God talk about the fulfillment of Joseph’s destiny and not the process?
interesting question which requires some thought.
what I find very interesting about the story of Joseph is the fact that he had something in him which others tried their best to stamp out. True, he did rub people the wrong way no matter what he did [from his brothers to potiphar's wife- the only person he didnt offend was the pharaoh, strangely enough].
however, there was a strong factor in him [dont know if it can be called his destiny], which kept on propelling him towards where he would be of maximum use, although he had to get there through despair, imprisonment, etc.
And even as a slave, he still rose to be the most trusted one in potiphar's household.Likewise even in jail he still became prominent due to what he had within him, ie his character or destiny i suppose. Which could be interpreted as an avenue for God's plan to manifest in his life.
the abundance of the sea shall be turned to you, the wealth of the nations shall come to you.
the abundance of the sea shall be turned unto thee, the wealth of the nations shall come unto thee.
the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee.
in the KJV version, the abundance of the sea is converted. Meaning a change in ownership.
Gentiles means people who are not believers.
A general study of initial occupations in the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.616318
Retrieved Text: Gary: Welcome to Search the Scriptures 24/7, a radio ministry of The Berean Call. I’m Gary Carmichael. Thanks for tuning in! In today’s program, we begin a series of classics from our Search the Scriptures Daily archives with the late founder of The Berean Call Dave Hunt and TBC executive director Tom McMahon. This week, they address the question: Has Your Love Been Put to the Test? And now, here’s Tom.
And, Dave, I believe it’s the most important chapter in your book, and in it you explain the gospel of salvation. And even though the gospel, as you know, is the heart of Christianity, rarely is it ever explained. And I can only think of a couple of times in my own experience, you know – 30 years of, you know, attending church and so on – but only a couple of times have I had the gospel explained from the pulpit. So by explaining what I’m really talking about is being given information to help me understand what man did that separated him from God, and…well, really separated from God forever, and what God did, and only He could do to reconcile mankind to Himself. So we’re going to camp out – we’re going to camp out on chapter 9 for a couple of weeks.
Now, Dave, let’s start with what went wrong in God’s perfect creation. Throughout the first chapter of Genesis, as you know, God says over and over again, “It is good, It is good.” And then [Gen.] 1:31, He says, “It is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.612984
Retrieved Text: Simon Peter had followed Jesus and so did another disciple. Now that disciple was known to the high priest’s household, and they entered into the court of the high priest.
Peter followed along and was standing at the door outside the court of the high priest. The other disciple went and spoke to the woman who kept the door, and she let Peter inside.
Aren’t you one of Jesus' disciples?
Now the servants and the officers were standing by a fire of coals that they had going, warming themselves because it was cold.
You were with Jesus the Galilaean.
I don’t know what you are talking about. Woman, I do not know him.
Aren’t you one of his disciples?
Then he went out into the porch, and the rooster crowed.
I am sure this man was with Jesus, for he is a Galilaean.
Man, I don’t know what you are talking about.
Your accent gives you away, you’re a Galilaean and a disciple of Jesus.
I don’t know this man who you are talking about.
And as soon as he said it, while he was still speaking, they brought the Lord out of the house and he turned and looked at Peter.
Then Peter remembered how the Lord had told him that before the rooster crows twice you will deny me three times.
And Peter left, and as he thought about what he had done, he wept bitterly.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.589544
Retrieved Text: Earl Sweatshirt‘s recent Denver show brought on one very loud and proud religious protestor who felt the need to preach his heart out to the rapper outside his tour bus. In the video below, shared by a nearby fan, you can see as the sin-preaching man stands on a milk crate and shares his personal beliefs about the Bible and what it commands.
“The Bible commands all man everywhere to repent. There comes a day that he will judge you and he will judge you for your sins. Your sins, sir, are going to drive you to hell. You need to repent your sins and turn to Jesus Christ,” the man said.
If the man talking over Earl wasn’t enough, the woman twerking her heart out makes the video even weirder. Earl continually claps his hands as the man keeps talking, where the “Red Water” rapper finally asked him to please “shut up, be quiet and go away.” The video ends before we get to see if the man took a clue and moved on.
Earl has been in a confrontational mood lately. We recently posted about the time Earl slapped a fan’s phone out his hand after he attempted to get a photo – Early don’t play.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.529024
Retrieved Text: In the Office of Readings, on the Feast of the Visitation, the first reading is from the Song of Songs.
It seems to have been a common theme in late medieval art to portray Mary interpreted as the 'Garden Enclosed' as referred to in the Song of Songs. As someone who loves gardens I like the idea of the garden having a place in sacred art. I am talking here of the garden grown for beauty, the 'flower garden' as it would be called here in the US. In Britain, where I come from, 'garden' always means a place cultivated for beauty.
I am not aware of this being a common subject for artists to paint today and one wonders why? The first answer that comes to mind, almost as a knee-jerk response, is that genuine piety for Mary has declined and this is just one more casualty in the devotional lexicon.
It might be this, but also, it is very likely a reflection also of a different attitude to gardens and to man's place in creation that is prevalent today and especially strong in the US.
Historically, the wilderness was seen the place of untamed nature which is the home of the devil. Christ went to meet him there for 40 days and when monks and hermits went out to the desert, it was not so much as we might think today, to escape the city, but rather to engage in spiritual battle in the wilderness, the lair of the enemy. In the painting below by the Flemish artist

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.503712
Retrieved Text: HUSBANDRY, n. The business of a farmer, comprehending agriculture or tillage of the ground, the raising, managing and fattening of cattle and other domestic animals, the management of the dairy and whatever the land produces.
HUSBAND, v.t. To till; to cultivate with good management. – Noah Webster, American Dictionary of the English Language (1828).
Even as Sara obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as long as ye do well, and are not afraid with any amazement (I Peter 3:6).
Unfortunately, many women are led (if it can be called leading) by men who believe themselves to be nothing more than walking, talking, living, breathing impositions. How many Christian women today … could imagine calling their husband lord with a straight face? Him? But a husband is one who cultivates with authority.
Now it goes without saying that this authority must be exercised by a man with a Christ-like disposition to service. He must not wield his authority in a self-seeking way. But he must wield it; he is a husband. It is tragic that in our culture the word husband is understood as nothing more than a male legally tied (for a few years) to a particular female; but as the etymology of the word should indicate, much more is involved. Husbandry is the careful management of resources – it is stewardship – and when someone undertakes to husband a wife, he must understand that it cannot be done unless he acts with authority.
He must act as though he has a right to be where he is.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.46899
Retrieved Text: A small procession of four people, three umbrellas and a tray of enormous almond croissants makes its way through the rain in search of a good place to camp in Chelsea Physic Garden.
Monty Don has been shown a first-floor office set aside for this interview but, being above all else a man of the soil, he prefers the offer of the fernery, a Victorian greenhouse on the other side of the enclosed garden. It is suitably damp and we sit in an atmosphere of transpiring plants, almost knee to knee, while the rain plops and gurgles outside.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.459158
Retrieved Text: Many gardens in Japan often seem to have a hill that’s been named Mini Fuji due to its vague resemblance in shape to the iconic and spiritual mountain. This one though is a bit different as it’s in the middle of nowhere and is also privately owned. Luckily Tokyo Fox was given permission to take photographs from inside the grounds by the very kind owner.
It was another early start that morning as I left Sendai and headed down to Koriyama via Fukushima. I then headed eastwards for just 18 minutes on the rather infrequent Ban-Etsuto Line (in the direction of Ononiimachi) to Kanameta Station. With rain expected on this day I was mightily relieved that the sun was still shining for my duration in the area.
After just under 25 minutes walking south of the station I came to a a bridge and could see the “snow-capped” part of Mount Fuji in the distance. I’ve seen the real Fuji-San countless times from many wonderful viewpoints like Miho No Matsubara, Fuji Shibazakura and the 5th station. I even climbed the thing in 2007 but seeing this was something else!
This cone-shaped hill is on the corner of some fairly quiet country roads. The address is 513-2 Funehikimachiharuyama and this is all the work of one man who I got to meet. He was probably surprised as anyone to see a foreign guy outside his home and came to talk to me.
He guided me round the “mountain” from inside his garden and he showed me the best angles including it’s

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.428951
Retrieved Text: You probably remember a post done not too long ago about this man, his gardening and his life. If you'd like you can read more about it in Quite a Gardener Quite a Man. He loves to share, and does so often.
What a perfect garden spot. I could only dream to have one in such great shape. I do think Paul Nelson was born with a shovel in one hand and a hoe in the other! He has graciously agreed to share some great gardening tips!
Paul buys all of his seeds from Park Seed.
Bothered by deer in your garden? Make Garlic Sun Tea, which is a gallon jug of water with garlic cloves in it. Place a jug in each corner of the garden. This Garlic Sun Tea becomes stronger the longer it sits in the sun. Paul says, "Da smell of this keeps da deer out of da gardens".
I asked Paul if he added fertilizer during the growing season. He answered and said this, "I don't. I prepare the soil with organic mixes, the bone meal, blood meal & green sand, and let them do da trick all season. I don't fertilize and don't use pesticides so it is 100% organic." "My flowers bring in good bugs and my lady bugs and praying mantis do da trick"
Plant Nasturtium to attract good bugs to eat Aphids.
"I also plant two rows of Texas Sweet Onions around da whole outside of da garden. It acts as a fence and I get onions!"
Never plant tomatoes near Pecan Trees. Paul

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.37558
Retrieved Text: 10:45 p.m. First block of Fayette Lane. Car break: A 29-year-old man left his car in a driveway at Fayette Lane at about 10:30 p.m. and locked all of the doors. About 15 minutes later, he heard his car alarm go off, and went outside. The right rear window was broken, and a black backpack he'd left sitting on the seat next to the broken window was gone — and with it the $4,000-$5,000 of gems inside. The bag contained six moissanite stones, a diamond alternative. Five were black and one was white. Deputies couldn't process the car for evidence because the victim was cleaning it up when they arrived — a common reason deputies are unable to process cars for forensics after break-ins.
7:49 a.m. First block of Richfield Lane. Criminal mischief: A 36-year-old man walked outside in the morning and saw the gas cap of his SUV laying on the ground, and a two-foot section of his garden hose cut out and laying in the grass. There was a black reusable shopping bag laying nearby. He called the Sheriff's Office and told deputies someone had cut up his garden hose to siphon gas from his SUV. The would-be thief didn't actually get any gas out of the car. A deputy photographed the damaged hose.
11:31 p.m. 200 block of Bird of Paradise Drive. Attempted burglary: An 18-year-old man was playing with his dog at about 11 p.m. when he heard the handle of his front door jiggle. His roommate wasn't home, and he checked with him

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.299364
Retrieved Text: Security footage released by police shows several people outside Pierre’s Champagne Lounge on Hamilton Street. In the foreground, a man in a plaid shirt is seen talking to two other men, both wearing baseball caps. One of those two men then punches the man in the plaid shirt twice, knocking him to the ground where he lay unconscious. A third man then stands over the unconscious man, appearing to gesticulate and shout at him aggressively.
Police said that when offices arrived, the suspects had fled. Two victims were located, including one with minor injuries. The other victim, a 28-year-old man from Burnaby, sustained “serious” and “life-changing” head injuries, police said.

================



======= Instance Index 1441 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Three people go tubing down a rapid. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: check their phones and hand-held watch.

Ending 2: get stuck on the rocks, then push off and continue floating.

Ending 3: get out of the tubes, and wait for their turn.

Ending 4: go down the hills and into the river.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.019129
Retrieved Text: I need to rebuild T10 on a series II Lazair. I can only find 0.065" and 0.058" wall thickness in 1" tubing. I need 0.062" giving 0.875" ID. Does anyone on the list have a source for 1" 0.062 wall 6061-T6 in eastern Ontario.
.065 is super close to .063. With only three thousands of an inch difference I would think that would be just fine. If not, you would use some sandpaper or something on the inside to take it down a bit. If you do that, don't forget to use some alodine or equivilant to protect the tubings surface.
I don't know what part you are building, but the reason they make the tubing .058 thickness is so it will slide together with a good fit. If it were a perfect fit it would never go together. On one of my previous UL the wing spars were sleeved tubing. They used .049 wall tubing, I can only assume it was to make the tubes slide together easier on a long length.
should have it in stock too.
find the best fitting tubing.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.90364
Retrieved Text: Drip irrigation is an amazing innovation. In a world where we are trying to save as much of our precious water as possible, drip allows us to get the biggest bang for the buck.
But drip can also be confusing because of the many options and configuration pattern possibilities. One area that often raises more questions than answers is drip tubing. But we’ll break it down for you so you can choose which tubing is right for your situation.
Drip tubing can be broken down into three categories: distribution, soaker and emitter, and those typically come in quarter and half-inch varieties.
The first we’ll talk about is distribution tubing. Distribution tubing is sold, fully enclosed tubing perfect for getting water from the source to the point of exit. There are no holes or emitters along the tubing. This is the right choice if you want to get water from a manifold to a sprinkler or button emitter. When you need a customized, laser focused approach to drip—be it unevenly spaced plants, or plants that have differing water needs—then distribution is the way to go.
Soaker tubing is great for ground cover, or tightly packed flowerbeds. As the name suggests, soaker tubing soaks the ground. The tubing has a sponge-like construction that drips or sweats water all along the tubing’s length.
Finally, emitter tubing is great when you have evenly spaced plants with uniform watering needs. Emitter tubing has 1 gallon per hour emitters built in every 12-inches, perfect for flowers, shrubs and hedges. These also work great in planter boxes and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.869955
Retrieved Text: You can't ski every day, all day. So there's snow tubing when you're ready for that break.
This is a kid and family fun center with snow tubing, a play area, mini-snowmobiles and beginner ski hill.
Summer and winter activities, such as skiing, snowmobiling, tubing, alpine coaster, and more. Discount packages available!
This ski resort offers snowboarding, skiing, and snow tubing in the winter and scenic chairlift rides, hiking, and disc golf in summer.
Tubing is great for kids and those who still think they are. Grab a giant inflatable ring, sit in the center, hang onto the rope tow and when you reach the top, plunk yourself onto a fast track straight down the hill. Laps at a nearby snowtubing park are some of most fun escapes you can have.
The wahoo factor at Gorgoza Park near Park City (on the south side of I-80) tips the scales for winter playgrounds. Legs dangling over an inner tube, zooming down one of seven slick, snow-covered tracks, hot chocolate in the warming yurt; whether you go during the day or after sunset, your time at Gorgoza is a hoot. Gorgoza also has mini snowmobiles for those too young to ride the tubes and a "frosty fort" for snowplay. The Park is open daily throughout the winter.
It's a bit more remote but snowtubing at Soldier Hollow in Midway is worth the drive. The former Olympic venue outside of Heber, Utah, sports the longest tubing lanes in Utah. Guests can race the 1,200 feet during the day or night and a sound system keeps

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.745853
Retrieved Text: Image Title: RapidAir Master Starter Kit Air Compressor Tubing 90500 Within Rapid Ideas 16. Post Title: Rapid Air. Filename: rapidair-master-starter-kit-air-compressor-tubing-90500-within-rapid-ideas-16.jpg. Image Dimension: 300 x 191 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Damian Terry. Uploaded Date: Saturday - September 15th. 2018 02:13:29 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: diy.com. Tubing The LLC 2. 1. Specialties Rapid Prepare Ideas RapidAir Outlet Within 15. M3800 Kit Compressed Compressor Air 3. Pertaining Inside Starter FT Engineered Products Throughout SHOP Drop 13. Master 1 Installing Plan RAPIDAIR Review Systems 11. AIRLINE 12. Decor Remodel 7. MAXLINE For 90100 Intended Corporation 19. And Distribution Piping 90500 In SYSTEM 2 To Product X100 Materials COMPRESSED 16.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.717216
Retrieved Text: Estimation of fluid temperature in both flow conduits (drillpipe or tubing and the annulus) is required to ascertain the fluid density and viscosity, and in turn to calculate the pressure-drop or the maximum allowable pumping rate for a number of operations. These operations include drilling, workover, and well control. During circulation, the inlet fluid temperature at the drillpipe/tubing is generally much lower than the bottomhole formation temperature. Consequently, in flowing down the drillpipe/tubing and up the annulus, the fluid continues to gain heat, thereby precipitating an unsteady-state heat transfer problem. The heat transfer rate for the fluid in the annulus depends upon the formation temperature from which it gains heat, as well as on the drillpipe/tubing fluid temperature to which it loses heat. Thus, the fluid temperature estimation becomes critical for high-temperature or geothermal reservoirs where significant heat exchange occurs or when fluid properties are temperature sensitive, such as for a non-Newtonian fluid.
In this work, we present an analytical model for the flowing fluid temperature in the drillpipe/tubing and in the annulus as a function of well depth and circulation time. The model is based on an energy balance between the formation and the fluid in the drillpipe/tubing and annulus. Steady-state heat transfer is assumed in the wellbore while transient heat transfer takes place in the formation. Solutions are obtained for two possible scenarios: first, the fluid flows down the annulus and up the drillpipe/tubing; second, the fluid flows down the tubing and up the annulus. The analytic model so developed is cast in a set

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.67664
Retrieved Text: Union Steel specialises in electric resistance welding, producing tubing to cater for a wide array of requirements. Our commitment to quality is the reason we are the best name for ERW steel tubes West Midlands businesses can deal with. With low lead times and great prices, we have a solution for numerous needs.
One thing many people worry about with ERW tubing is a seam. The manufacturing process involves physically clamping the edges together when they reach the right temperature. This creates a bond but the seam will be visible and raised. An additional process is necessary to remove this and ensure the tube is smooth all around. It must be done with care, ensuring the surface of the tubing is not damaged. The smoothing process can also help to hide the seam, making it blend in much better.
The seam is not the only edge that people worry about with ERW tubing. The ends must also be precise and smooth. Cutting a tube can leave a jagged end that is uneven and potentially sharp. Deburring is necessary to remove this.
If you drill a hole into a section of tube it may also require finishing. This is because the action of the drill cutting through the material can create a burr. While it is possible to drill without creating burrs on the outside, they are likely to appear inside. This can lead to all kinds of issues if you don’t remove them, including creating spots where debris can be caught and making it difficult to fix the tube

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.599129
Retrieved Text: Whitewater rafting or inner tubing in the Great Smoky Mountains – adventurous or relaxing. Rolling Thunder has just the right adventure for everyone.
What to expect on a trip.
Never been rafting before? Find out what happens on a rafting trip from start (when you’re still dry) to finish (when you’re very wet).
Get acquainted with the family friendly Nantahala River. Watch as rafters cruise through Patton’s Run, a class II rapid, and eventually tackle the only class III on this river – the Nantahala Falls. See their wide grins and hear their exhilarating laughter as they paddle through one splashy rapid after another.
See for yourself why the Ocoee River is often called a “roller coaster on water”. Watch as rafters “ride the bull” through big splashy waves. Check out such rapids as Slingshot, Broken Nose and Tablesaw.
See the relaxed fun on the Toccoa as “toobers” float down this scenic river.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.393282
Retrieved Text: Tubing is a recreational activity that involves riding on top of an inner tube either on water, snow or through the air.Materials used to make these tubes are usually flexible pipes .This recreation activity is mostly done in snowfall where people hang out to enjoy cool weather and places.There are things that can be done to help to tube the most preferred activity to engage in during snowfalls or hot summers.
Tubing that people will go downstream freely .Free fall tubing will be of great fun as those on it enjoy the free flow.Casual river tubing is where is a river ride in which you are taken down a stream in a tube as you enjoy the most amazing sights along the way.Tubing is to refresh people mind and for better experiences but there are also other benefits that it comes with.Tubing helps one to meet other people and bond with time .
Looking forward to bonding as a family and gaining the most out it, try tubing.This activity is also important when it comes to beating the heat.Summers are usually hot so one decides to go down the river to make it the most dreadful of days.Tubing is also a great alternative to technology,at least you don’t focus on telephones and video games.
This is a recreational activity that involves moving from one place to another on a cable while hanging freely in the air. ziplining had become a very nice activity and has many people trying them to participate in the Thames most amazing fun.It is normal

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.157284
Retrieved Text: Fast, reliable and safe best describe the 225K Snubbing Unit’s key benefits. The compact design is ideally suited for moving quickly from site to site its rapid rig up time make it a very efficient option. Easily rigged up in two lifts this versatile snubbing unit is ideal for onshore applications and is extremely well suited for through tubing live well work like; wireline/coil tubing fishing, velocity strings and well clean-outs.
The Practical slim line design of the jack has resulted in faster jack speed and increasing the trip time ensuring less time is spent on the well; this is significant, as it reduces cost. A Special Annular BOP window enables quick annular rubber change-outs without the need of rigging down the unit.
Get your wells fixed quickly – Speed up work!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.119848
Retrieved Text: . 100% Brand New, High Quality.
. 1 set include 1 piece of bulkhead fitting of your chosen size and 1 piece of its matching bolt. . The barbed ends connect to hose.
. Please be sure to check out the detailed measurements below and choose the correct size that fits you.
. For example, the size BF12 means that the barb's external diameter is approximately 1/2"(12mm ).
Due to different manufacturing batches, there may be slight difference in the outlook of the bulkhead fitting or the size of the bolt/nut as shown in the pictures but the essential parameters such as bulkhead barb size remains the same.
These luer fittings are ideal for a variety of applications, including syringes or small tubing. Barbed adapters feature three styles of Barbs: standard, wide-bore, and low-profile. Wide-bore Barbs offer enhanced fluid flow through the fitting and are usable with any flexible tubing. Low-profile Barbs are ideal for use with semi-rigid tubing, such as nylon, polyethylene, or polypropylene. Manufactured in compliance with ISO 594-1 standards, these fittings are cleaned, inspected and fully traceable. All parts meet tight dimensional tolerances for increased reliability and process purity. Choose from a range of sizes, 1/16" to 1/4", with a variety of connection options. Pack of 25. Full material traceability to ensure process integrity manufactured from 100 percent virgin raw materials in a Class 100, 000 environment.
The concept for these adapters was developed by a German instrument maker whose name, Luer, still defines this unique design. The Luer taper allows the rapid connection of medical devices and tubing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.071005
Retrieved Text: The bus arrived in Vang Vieng at 3 PM. The other foreigners took tuk-tuks south to the town of Vang Vieng, but I headed north to volunteer on a local organic farm. For a city-slicker like me, a couple of days working the soil would be an interesting experiment with pastoral life.
I had heard many things about Vang Vieng, mostly about the notoriously popular “tubing” phenomenon. From what I understood tubing entailed renting an inner-tube and floating down the river from bar to bar, drinking Beer Lao, shooting rice whiskey, smoking joints, sipping opium shakes and munching magic-mushroom pizzas. For many travelers it was paradise on earth, but I was on a tight budget and it seemed like an expensive way to have fun.
Vang Vieng was a small riverside village until tubing came around. Now it is overwhelmed by two distinct camps of falang: the tubers staying in the synthetic town and the naturalists staying on the organic farm. I fell somewhere in the middle of these two groups, but I decided to stay on the farm and check out the tubing situation on my own.
The tubing route begins near the organic farm and flows past a number of bars until it eventually reaches the town of Vang Vieng. The bars began pumping music 11 AM and they fuel an all-day booze fest until the sun goes down. Many bars had water-related attractions such as waterslides, massive rope swings, wet-bars, and more, most of which were shoddy wooden contraptions that looked as if they would fall

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.069221
Retrieved Text: Nathan Trampe has wanted to be an artist and a baseball player since he could talk. Though the sports are now reserved for the backyard and for watching from afar, the evolution of his art is growing each day. His interests include leathercraft, wood and metal sculpture, painting, street art, photography, vehicles, and various types of drawing.
Now 22, Nathan has been featured in multiple juried shows around Central Texas and in Wyoming. He is currently working on multiple painting series, including “To Scale,” which explores stereotypical opinions of people and of graffiti tagging as an art form while exploring the visual representation of motion and "Fleeting," a series seeking to visually represent how hard it can be to value special moments in the rapid passing of time. He is also producing drawings at a fast rate and always looking to build a new sculpture.
You can find him driving his graffitied 1972 ambulance art piece through the roads of Sheridan, Wyoming to go tubing down the river or skiing on the mountain, depending on the season. Nathan graduated with his Bachelor’s of Art in Studio Art from Baylor University in the spring of 2017.
Nathan's art is currently for sale via PHLY, and art brand built by Nathan and his brother Micah. Visit PHLY.life to purchase!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.0541
Retrieved Text: Welcome to one of the newest and fastest Tubing Hills in Colorado! Winter Park Resort here in Colorado is not only home to some of the best slopes, but also some of the best winter activities! The Coca-Cola Tubing Hill is one of the best snowy adventures up here. Not only is the staff some of the coolest + nicest people, they play fun music, give you spins, and make sure that you are having the best experience possible!
Thank you! A welcome Email will be sent to you shortly!
The Coca-Cola Tubing Hill was one of the most efficient tubing hills I have ever seen! They have a great system for checking in, getting your tube, and letting you have alll the fun. Here at Winter Park, they offer 4 different lanes for tubing. You can choose to go down individually or link up with your buddies. We saw TEN people link up and go down at once! It definitely will make you and your buddy fly down the mountain when riding together. After each run you will ride the covered magic carpet back to the top while pulling your tube in tow. Tubing is open to anyone 36” and taller!
Tube Tip: If you want to fly down the lane, then make sure you grab a tube that has been inflated all the way. Tubes that are partially inflated are considered the slower tubes, great for young kids or those who need to test it out first! There is also a double tube for those who want

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.030327
Retrieved Text: Usually those that love plants and enjoy having them in their home also enjoy DIY projects ad like to get creative and to put their mind to work in order to come up with new ways of displaying their garden. It’s why we thought you would like this particular project. It shows you how to make a hanging herb garden out of wine bottles and copper tubing.
The idea is to use the copper tubing as a central axis for the garden. You would have to first hang one end to the ceiling using a hook or whatever you find appropriate. Then the tubing will go all the way to the floor and will end in an empty wine bottle. The bottle will serve as a sort of anchor. On this axis you will place the other containers. They are also made from wine bottles. But this time the bottles have to be cut in half and you will use only the upper part hanging upside down. You will also have to attach the cork because the bottles will be filled with soil for the plants.
You will also use copper tubing to attach the bottles to the axis. Simply wrap it around the bottles, creating a spiral that allows them to remain attached to the main tubing. This spiral will start from the top and work its way down around the bottles, going from one bottle to another so that they are all interconnected. The central tubing will go right through the bottles and the corks. It’s

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.77983
Retrieved Text: Our yankauers feature slip-resistant handles for a secure grip, smooth inner surface for maximum, non-occluding flow, transparent construction for easy assessment of aspirate and shatterproof construction that helps aid patient safety. Ribbed connector for various sizes of connecting tubing. Optional control vent for suctioning control.
Our yankauers feature slip-resistant handles for a secure grip, smooth inner surface for maximum, non-occluding flow, transparent construction for easy assessment of aspirate and shatterproof construction that helps aid patient safety. Ribbed connector for various sizes of connecting tubing. Optional control vent for suctioning control. Latex Free.
They are constructed of a clear, transparent material with a slip-resistant handle, a smooth and uniform inner surface for rapid evacuation, and a ribbed five-in-one connector for easy connection to various sizes of connecting tubing.
Shopping Results for "Medline Flange Tip"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.67226
Retrieved Text: Rapid transfer and fluid integrity are equally critically important in upstream and downstream processes. The non-contact, gentle action of our peristaltic pumps ensures product cannot be damaged during transfer or by contact with mechanical parts. They are the are the ideal solution for fluid transfer in a range of applications including chromatography column feed, bulk transfer during production, media and buffer bag filling and tank emptying.
Our range of peristaltic pumps allows process scaling from bench top laboratory research to full production, with flow rates from microlitres per minute up to 8,140 litres/hour. Our pumps are low maintenance, reducing time required for batch or product changeovers.
Fluid is transferred within a sterile tube, eliminating risk of contamination and dead spots or crevices to trap residue; a major source of bacterial contamination in rotary lobe pumps. Our tubing can be autoclaved and gamma irradiated. CIP and SIP along with vessels and tanks is possible in some deployments. The tubing provides a single-use solution facilitating rapid process validation and change over.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.623545
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Bali River Tubing Adventure, The Bali River Tubing stands proud as Adventure Company, providing the most comprehensive Adventure & Relaxing to all levels. Our TUBING Trip held on Pakerisan River at Tampaksiring Regency, part of Gianyar BALI, the Beautiful River and Original Waterfall offering to your Client 1,5 Hour TUBING Trip , Through 4,5 kilometers of 7 exiting class II + rapid, the Natural on Pakerisan River, Our Staff fully Understand and Familiar with Hospitality Industry, they will work and presented The Comprehensive Safety and Services. Have a Great TUBING !!!
Helpful and Warmest Staff to assist you at our Site.
Frequently Asked Questions ( F & Q ) What Time The Tubing Trip available?
The Client (s) will Registration before The Trip, including Payment or Voucher.
The Set up for Life Jacket and Helmet Will arrange by River Tubing Guide.
The Safety Talk will Explain to The Client (s) How To Ride the Tubing on The River.
The Tour Leader will Arrange the Trip with Comparison 2 River Guides with max 5 Clients.
Children’s under 10 Years Old will Join on Tandem Tubing with Our River Guide or Parents.
What time picked up Arrangement?
Nusa Dua, Jimbaran, Uluwatu Area pick up times would be 2 hour before the Trip.
Sanur Area, pick up times would be 1 hour 30 minutes before the Trip.
Ubud Area, pick up times would be 1 hour before the Trip.
The Bali River TUBING including 1.45 Minutes River Tubing Trip, we will provided the guest with air-conditioned transport to and from their hotel, River Guide with comparison 2 :

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.522392
Retrieved Text: Medical Extrusion Technologies, Inc. is now ISO 9001:2008 certified at ALL three locations!
Thermoplastic custom extrusions manufactured to your specifications.
Industry leading prototype expedite options.
Rapid response on quote requests.
Expedite options for quick turn around, as little as 2 days in some cases.
Significant inventory of stock resins available for fast turn around.
Our 3 locations are ISO 9001:2015 certified, and we utilize cutting edge equipment and processes to ensure consistent results time after time.
For over twenty five years, Medical Extrusion Technologies, Inc. has been at the forefront of custom medical tubing extrusions. We focus on creating positive customer relationships focused on quality, service, and integrity. We work with customers of all sizes, from start-ups to major manufacturers. As a manufacturer of custom tubing extrusions from almost all thermoplastic resins, we have the experience and materials you need to assist in completing your project needs. We would welcome the opportunity to discuss your requirements with you in person.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.454512
Retrieved Text: It’s probably the most famous “tubing” experience in the world, at least for anyone who has gone backpacking or on a gap year adventure in southeast Asia. And while the tubing experience in Vang Vieng, Laos is changing dramatically, it’s still worthwhile — if your expectations are set. So here’s what you should know for your Vang Vieng tubing experience.
It’s a beautiful day in Vang Vieng Tubing the River!
Why is Vang Vieng Tubing Notorious?
Let’s cut to the chase. Likely, the only reason you even know about the rural town of Vang Vieng, Laos is because of tubing. If you’ve been researching a trip in SE Asia and Laos, then there’s no doubt that you’ve run across hundreds of blogs talking about the crazy time they had in Vang Vieng. From excessive drinking, drugs, playing in the water, zip lining through trees, and “death swings” into the water.
All of this has led to the town’s party reputation. And “tubing” the river is at the forefront of the experience. However, it doesn’t take much common sense to see this dangerous combination would have negative consequences.
Over the years since Vang Vieng’s tubing and tourism explosion, there has been countless deaths on the river…including 27 in one particular year alone!
Reality Check: The Party is Over…Or Is It?
Tubing and playing in the Nam Song river in Vang Vieng, Laos has always been a favorite pastime and way to cool off for the locals. But the “tubing” most of us know started years ago when some foreign backpackers came to travel and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.450783
Retrieved Text: The fun and easier alternative to sledding.
Tubing beats sledding any day: You get carried up by the lift, and the lanes are longer than any local hill in your neighborhood. If you've never been, you're missing out. Good thing there are a bunch of tubing parks around New York that are definitely worth checking out this winter. See our top picks below!
Bring the whole family to Mount Peter for a fun time this winter. You'll be zooming down the hill in their fast tubes. They even offer a "Little Tikes Tubing Play Area" that has a tiny hill for the young ones to join in on the fun.
Tube down the hill as many times as you want for a full 2 hours. You can even have your birthday party here! They also offer skiing and snowboarding lessons to learn the basics.
Hunter Mountain calls themselves the largest snow tubing park in New York State. The 1,000-foot-long lanes will have you racing to the finish with your friends. After you tire out from racing, grab a few bites from the snack bar and warm up by the fire pit.
You can race down one of the 30 side-by-side lanes at Mountain Creek. There are several lifts to get you up quickly and racing back down the hill. Be prepared to catch a little air when you hit some of the small bumps on the way down!
You won't have to worry about long lines. At Big Boulder, there are 15 tubing chutes. They even have a Sunday night special, where

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.396584
Retrieved Text: Ever since we moved to LA we have heard people say that you can go from “the beach to snow in one day”. I never really understood how that was possible, thinking only of weekend trips to Big Bear as a snow option. But, after our first visit to Mt Baldy yesterday I can see how people could do it. If you are looking for snow play close to Los Angeles, there are several great options.
One of the closest options for snow play is in the Angeles National Forest in the San Gabriel Mountains. We look out at these mountains every day from our living room windows, and wanted to find out what all the fuss was about! It’s perfect!
This is my go to recommendation for anyone who is interested in just letting the kids run around and play in some snow. This is also great for the parents who are not interested in driving on snowy roads, dealing with a long car ride or paying for anything other than your parking pass. Less than an hour and 20 miles from our house in eastern LA you can be transported to a winter wonderland. Drive through low hanging clouds to appear on the other side of the mountain in sunny snowy forest. Keep an eye on the weather and head up after snow falls for the best snow play. Spend the day frolicking in powdery snow, building snowmen and making snow angels.
You can go as far as you feel comfortable. Signs said “Snow Chains Required” but

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.39596
Retrieved Text: Sorry, this is junk - didn't work at all on an HF compressor and also melted the cheap plastic tubing. I may just switch to a coil copper tubing.
This will not work with a compressor that runs higher than 120 psi. My 155 psi compressor blew out the o-ring on the pintle valve. At 120 psi it worked very well and is a good idea. The problem is improper use of an o-ring, the o-ring works in a large chamber with no support. Air gets under it and pops it partially out of the groove.
It does work well, took a bit of tweaking to get it 100%. I put this on a large upright Campbell Hausfield compressor from Harbor Freight. The original drain on the compressor was a pain to reach and open and it then blew crap all over my hand. I never seemed to remember to drain the tank on my own until there was a problem with the air.
This drain opens very briefly every time the pump runs and blows out any liquid that has condensed in the tank. What I found was after the compressor had cycled three times in rapid succession the brass fittings would get so hot the plastic line heated up and would blow out.
My fix was to replace the first six inches or so of plastic with copper line so it could cool down. It made it up to about 5 cycles before the line blew. I'm at around 18" of copper now and no more problems everything

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.376596
Retrieved Text: Spend three hours zipping down the trails of Mountain Home, Idaho. Later, warm up with a hot cocoa by the fire.
It was way more fun than the tubing at Bogus. I loved the choices of different tracks we had to choose from definitely will be returning.
It was a fun time! The time block was just enough time, runs back up the hill were always good timing, and the hospitality was super!! I like that there is variety in different runs to go down. I'd definitely go back and would recommend this to others!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.341679
Retrieved Text: I'm getting ready to start putting together an immersion chiller for my fermenter (basically using the brewhemoth immersion chiller as a template) and I got to wondering which way the flow is the most efficient. Either running all the way to the bottom and then up the coil, or down the coil and straight up. Any thoughts?
people make arguments that there is temperature stratification in the kettle and a little bit of natural circulation can be set up if you cool the top of the wort first and its density increases and drifts to te bottom bringing the warmer wort up to the top with the cooler incoming coolant. quite honestly if you swish the cooler in the wort or take a spoon and mix it every now and then to break up the boundary layer you will probably do better.
It will be more efficient if you put the coolant in at the top, but you wouldn't even be able to measure the difference.
ETA: I think people are assuming this is for the kettle, rather than the fermenter.
There is an aricle in the new Zymurgy covering chiller performance IIRC.
I have tried it both ways and the difference is negligible but if you occasionally stir the wort as it cools it seems to speed things up a bit, just be sure your spoon or paddle is completely sanitized.
Quite right, the chiller that I'm building is going in a 110g plastic conical fermenter to maintain temp not for rapid cooling.
For what you are doing, I don't think it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.300411
Retrieved Text: Excessive rain in Texas this spring means Texans *might* just get to enjoy the summer for the first time in over three freaking years.
Torrential rains that led to flash flooding in some parts of the state of Texas this year caused all kinds of havoc, including the near-drowning of 31 horses on a ranch outside Abilene. (Don't worry, they were rescued). Although, the rain was needed, since the Texas drought has been ongoing since 2011.
So, how soon before we can go tubing?
Unsurprisingly, meteorologists aren't entirely certain of an answer to that question.
Unreliable weathermen aside, the record drought that began in 2011 seems to have finally been quenched due to the weather phenomenon El Niño. The Pacific weather anomaly tends to bring heavy rainfall to the southwestern United States, and this year it did not disappoint.
Much of Texas has been under a drought for the past three years, as classified by the U.S. Drought Monitor, but this year Texas received more rain from January through April of 2015 than it did for all of 2011.
That was a difficult summer to endure. It was hot as Hell. There were very few bluebonnets. A stringent burn ban outlawed fireworks and made Independence Day boring.
Worse than the heat though was the loud and incessant complaining from boaters unable to use the boat ramps at Lake Travis in Austin (due to low lake levels).
In all seriousness though, 2011 was very hard. Crops and livestock died, and the most devastating wildfire in the state's history decimated Texas's legendary Lost Pines and took

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.236902
Retrieved Text: High Speed, High Reliability & Flexible Installation.
The Water Injector Spider System delivers legendary speed of fill and reliability and employs many convenience features in its design. Small diameter (1/4 inch (6.4 mm)) flexible tubing (that is crush and kink resistant), 6-port manifolds and low profile valves make fitting onto a crowded battery top super easy. Push fit tubing ports and Speed Tubing™ allow for quick and easy installation, and the central manifold can be tied down on the battery top to prevent pulled tubing problems.
The systems works on the smallest 5-plate battery up to the largest industrial fork truck battery. It is especially useful where traditional single point watering systems are hard to fit such as rapid or opportunity charge batteries with crowded tops. It is also perfect for when the battery size or layout is not known in advance; it is our preferred option over the Semi Assembled version of the Water Injector Classic System.
If you have always loved the speed and reliability of Water Injector technology, but have not liked continuous tubing of the Water Injector Classic System, the Water Injector Spider System is for you!
The system must be used with our factory authorized Injector Water Supplies to ensure proper performance and our famous 15-second fill.
The Water Injector Spider System utilizes a manifold system and small diameter tubing to deliver water to each of its highly reliable valves. Water flows from the input coupling and into the manifolds. Individual runs of small diameter tubing connect each valve to the manifolds. Water flows to each

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.138418
Retrieved Text: Tube Fittings Union Tee Reducer Accommodates Metric Tubing O.D Ranging from 4mm to 16mm, Inch Tube O.D Ranging from 1/8" to 1/2".
Grey body push in fittings (tube fittings): union tee reducer connects three tubes with size down in both 90° directions. The tube size in the middle is smaller than the two inline tubes.
Pneuflex tube fittings union tee reducer can be used with Polyurethane Tubing, Nylon Tubing, Polyethylene Tubing and PVC Tubing.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.132372
Retrieved Text: FREELIN-WADE is a manufacturer of inch and metric size nylon, polyurethane, polyethylene, PVC, kynar, FEP, static dissipative, weldsplatter and polyethylene linear low density (LLDPC) tubing, available in 28 standard colors. Products also include coiled hose, multi-bore and multi-colored ribbon tubing, accessories, spiral wrap, tubing cutters, tube channels and clips.
Freelin-Wade Company sets the standard for quality plastic tubing, leading the industry in manufacturing expertise, rapid delivery, limitless product variations and extensive value added services.
Variations are easy, including coiling, bonding, cutting, special packaging or printing. Freelin-Wade can also offer variations such as custom size, shape or color to fit your needs.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.130384
Retrieved Text: EC Pneumatic & Hardware Sdn. Bhd (EC) boasts decades of experience in the pneumatic components & hardware products market.When it comes to fittings, our clients have to plenty to choose from. The extensive assortment includes Push-In fittings, Metal Push-In fittings, Rapid fittings and Brass fittings, in different sizes and shapes.
Push-In fittings are some of the most suitable pneumatic fittings, offering unmatched performance in a wide range of industrial applications. With the products, our clients benefit from an impressive temperature range of up to 60°C, besides a pressure range of up to 10 Bar. We take pride in enabling customers to fulfill their true potential. Our well-engineered fittings have a miniature design for utmost component density, especially in confined spaces. Customers want fittings that can be easily and reliably connected with the system.
Our metal push-in fittings are a favorite among many clients. They are attractively priced and ideal for a multitude of pneumatic applications. The fittings have a temperature range of up to 70°C, besides a pressure range of up to 16 bar. Consequently, metal push-in fittings are applicable in a wide range of pneumatic applications. The fittings provide tubing O.D Ø 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 16mm with BSPT connecting threads. With us, you can rest assured of the best of the best pneumatic fittings, made using topnotch materials. All our fittings are highly resistant to corrosion. The fittings are well designed to allow use without the need for additional sealing components.
When it comes to Brass Fittings, clients can choose between Brass Threaded fitting and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.1203
Retrieved Text: KLX Energy Services delivers some of the most reliable coil-tubing support in the industry. With service locations strategically located in the Permian, and coiled tubing products and support nationwide, our field-ready experts are positioned for rapid deployment. So whether you need coiled tubing for conventional wells—or milling, cutting and extended reach for long-lateral horizontals—we can help fast-track progress and keep you ahead.
KLX Energy Services can perform hundreds of CT-enabled tasks and measurements across any phase of operation. This includes total coverage from pre-frac planning to flow assurance support—as well as ensuring that everything lines up with the Coiled Tubing (CT) unit. Our fleet of reliable, specialized coiled tubing units undergoes rigorous quality assurance and meticulous maintenance measures to ensure flawless field performance every time.
Small-diameter tubing less than 2"

================



======= Instance Index 1336 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Two men are fencing inside a gym. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: stab and jab at each other as they fence.

Ending 2: are using throwing stars and small swords to hit each other and then a man walks in and picks them up.

Ending 3: throw the swords down and another female runs over to the fighting men.

Ending 4: stick their necks out, trying to keep the other one in their corner.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.019897
Retrieved Text: Are there any age restrictions for fencing?
There are members of our club that range in age from about 10 to several of us who are old enough to enjoy fencing with our kids. Members of all ages engage in bouts with each other, and typically find that skill and experience are the deciding factors, rather than age. For that reason, fencing is an excellent family sport.
Is fencing hard to learn?
The basics are fairly easy. Each fencer has their own style, and every individual brings something to the sport that everyone can learn from. The best aspect of the sport is that you never stop learning.
The Club offers a sixteen-session course leading to the ability to engage safely and competently in open fencing with other members.
After completing this lesson series, every club meeting includes the opportunity for further instruction in footwork and bladework.
Fencing is a very safe and lifelong sport. It is an extraordinarily safe sport considering its heritage and nature. If you are new to fencing, the first question you'll likely ask is, "Are the weapons real? Are they sharp?" Yes, they are "real". No, they are not sharp. The ends are blunted and covered by either a rubber tip or flat metal "button". The risk of being injured by broken weapons is rare. Proper protective gear significantly reduces any potential risk. Centuries of fencing practice have led us to state of the art protection. Today, the best fencing jackets, pants and masks are often made with puncture-resistant fabrics such as "bullet-proof" Kevlar.
Both men and women

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.31145
Retrieved Text: Image of a uniformed person obscured by dense grasses.
Image of a man in uniform standing in a field in grasses almost up to his waist. There is a group of people, including another uniformed man, watching him from the side of the field. In the distance are several low buildings among dense greenery.
Image of of a girl standing in the road carrying a large bundle on her head. There is a large group of people walking past her on the road. There is a small guard tower visible in the field adjacent to the road.
Image of a group of people walking down a road. They are mostly young men and boys. One of them is riding on a bicycle. There is a woman with an umbrella. Behind them are several large vehicles and a man in uniform.
Image of a large group of people and uniformed men walking down a road. One of the uniformed men is on a motorbike. There are several large vehicles on the road.
Image of two uniformed men on a bicycle riding down a road. One of them is steering while the other sits on the back wheel holding onto a long-barrelled gun. Past them is a low wall with a small guard tower at one end. Behind the wall are several low buildings. Several other people are walking on the road further down, and in the distance can be seen large vehicles.
Image of several uniformed men standing by a military vehicle parked on a road. There is a truck past them on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.25766
Retrieved Text: Several recreational clubs on campus have spoken out about an ongoing struggle to reserve space in the newly-renovated Sam Carver Gymnasium.
Priority for practice space in Carver Gym is given to Western’s Athletics Department over club sports and Associated Students clubs, causing both to move between Carver Gym and the Wade King Recreation Center, according to Western’s wrestling team president Nathan Swanson-Dinsmore.
A recurring issue is last minute practice cancellations. According to Swanson-Dinsmore, 20 percent of the scheduled 70 practice sessions over the course of the wrestling team’s competitive season were cancelled or temporarily moved elsewhere.
That means wrestling club members are not permitted to practice in Carver Gym facilities about 15 times during the competitive season between fall and winter quarter, Swanson-Dinsmore said.
These actions are done with authorization from the Athletics Department. Swanson-Dinsmore said he anticipates that judo club will encounter a similar dilemma acquiring accommodations for space and equipment storage, despite not being a fully-established club yet.
Other student-organized athletic groups at Western are no stranger to scheduling complications.
Fencing club secretary Kyle McCaffery had difficulty coordinating arrangements for practices.
“We ended up talking to six different people before we finally figured out the right person,” McCaffery said.
While Steve Brummel, associate athletic director for Facilities and Operations, may preside over booking the gym, McCaffery explained that Sommers leads the charge for managing time and space allotted to clubs.
Each academic quarter, clubs are asked to submit practice requests. Sommers said that these divisions on campus aim to provide adequate time and space for each club.
Before renovations wrapped up at Carver Gym,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.69742
Retrieved Text: In order to effectively cope with the hectic everyday life, for today’ gym goers who prefer joining their gym or yoga centers on the way to their workplace or before returning home; getting started with a large gym backpack with shoe compartment is a matchless choice. Considering the comprehensiveness, in terms of loading capacity, packing ease and orderliness, fantastic portability, and versatility the demand of large gym backpacks is increasing like anything worldwide. Concisely, presence of these most up-the-minute backpacks has made one’s fitness program, professional life, and outdoor retreat relaxing than ever.
In essence, gym backpack with shoe compartment is designed exclusively for both men and women intended to transport lots of their necessities to and fro their workplace, fitness club, gym, swimming club or yoga class where they need changing clothes, put shoes off and get refreshed to join the next activity. To portray a few among the plus points of large gym backpacks are as follows.
Undeniably, roomy backpack is a comprehensive solution for all who concern as regards the space of packaging things. With one time investment, you can make the pioneering range of gym sack bags as a great packing accessory while leaving for a long trip with family members, go for a hiking, a whole day family picnic or get started for a relaxing kayaking session.
Thus, instead of looking at it merely as your gym bag, it can be used as an overnight back, travel bag, or modern airway backpack. The lightweight super-quality nylon backpack with shoe counter can be carried prepared

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.66407
Retrieved Text: Only about a week in after the Philadelphia Starbucks racial profiling incident three are now fired from LA fitness for racial profiling of two young black men.
On the two black men’s Facebook pages describes the incident of how the La Employees asked them to “Pay Up” or leave not knowing that he was on a 4 day guess pass and that his friend that was with him was a long time member of the gym, The employee who harassed one of the men didn’t know that the manager has already signed the guys into the system therefor because the employees who set there eyes on these two men should have had some knowledge (by asking the manager) before approaching the two, The two men explained they were racial profiled and embarrassed because this all happen in front of other gym members.
Tshyrad Oates who is one of the black men who caught this whole incident on video and post it to there Facebook said they just begin working out thinking everything was ok and 10 minutes later the LA Fitness manager came over to where they were and told them to get out, They continue to say that they did nothing wrong and couple minutes later five police showed up asking them both to leave.
Oates said they were the only two black men at the gym and that they really felt embarrassed by the whole situation that should have never happen in the first place, CEO of LA Fitness states that the 3 employees who were involved

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.63651
Retrieved Text: This topic contains 3 replies, has 3 voices, and was last updated by whm 4 months ago.
Do you speak/read Chinese? If so, you might be able to find this but if not, it will probably be tough. I have never heard of anyone fencing in Chengdu before.
There’s a crossfit gym kind of near Sichuan Gymnasium called Bomb Gym (http://www.dianping.com/shop/95279885).
Right outside the gym there is a fencing school. I’ve seen kids in class there in the mornings. Not sure if people fence there casually though. That’s the only fencing I’ve seen in Chengdu, but I’m sure more places exist.
Ah nice one cheers 🙂 I’ll go check it out. My Chinese is terrible unfortunately.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.312317
Retrieved Text: Digital jargon can be pretty confusing at times. Many words can have different meanings and it’s important to dig further into their true definitions. For example, keyword targeting could mean Pay-Per-Click, organic keyword display, or can even mean targeting keywords on your website to increase a websites SEO value. See what I mean? Confusing!
Most often confused? GEOs! I often hear the terms geo-fencing and geo-targeting used interchangeably but they are not the same product and should be used differently in digital marketing campaigns. Let’s first start with their true definitions.
Geo-Fencing refers to drawing a virtual barrier around a location using your devices global positioning system (GPS) or Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is just like your virtual address. Ads inside of geo-fenced areas can be seen on computer, tablet, or mobile devices as potential customers are browsing the web. Technically, geo-fencing can be any size radius from a particular location, anywhere from a mile to state-wide. But most people when they are referring to geo-fencing are looking for a very tight radius around a location. A misconception with geo-fencing is that once inside the fence you receive push notifications, or text messages to the device, which is not accurate. What geo-fencing does instead is show ads to the person inside the geo-fenced radius if they are browsing the web, to alert them of a local deal or the distance you are from a particular store location.
So how is geo-targeting different? Geo-targeting refers to delivering ads to people meeting a specific targeting criteria and who enter inside

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.308884
Retrieved Text: With MayThugger vs McCracker only days away probably one of the most misunderstood topics surfacing online is the difference between a boxer and a mixed martial artist. First and foremost, they’re both sport fighters. That means they play by the rules. I list all of them in the members portal. Why? Simply put if you’re ever in a life or death situation with a sport fighter the best advantage you have will always be to execute that which they think of as ‘illegal’. Also, rules are in place for a reason, to limit permanent destruction. Always remember in real life combat there are no rules, rounds or referees which is why it’s imperative to grasp The Life Line.
Lets zoom out. Perspective always gives us a clearer picture. MayThugger has spent his entire life studying the art of punching. McCracker has divided his focus amongst punching, kicking, elbowing, wrestling, jiu jitsu, and more. While his arsenal is diverse he probably has no more than 1/10th the amount of time invested as Thugger in his punching game. Could there be a wild haymaker that connects knocking Floyd Focused Way Too Much on Money, out? Absolutely! Would I bet my savings on it? Definitely not. Boxing is the most important sport skill set a defender can grasp! That’s probably why I ventured into another boxing gym for my fifth stop.
After moving I ventured into a new neighborhood, walked into a weight lifting gym, Maximum Fitness, and found a quant boxing gym inside equipped with all the essentials. Hans Hammer

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.164337
Retrieved Text: The second you try the temporary fencing services of Rent Temporary Fencing, we’re certain that you won’t ever bother browsing Redwood for another group that could do better than we can. The temporary fences we’ve setup all throughout Redwood, California are nothing short of impressive, and accurately signify our group’s expert skillfulness, as well as our personal preference for using quality materials. Our temporary fencing services are very accommodating: whether you demand us to build up a fence around a tennis court, a construction site, or around a sizeable area wherein an annual Redwood, CA festival is to be held, we’ll be much more than able to deliver. The chain link fencing services we offer are currently accessible to the entire Redwood, CA area, get in touch with us at 888-289-9933 to have your fence setup right away.
The temporary fencing solutions we deliver are always customized to bring maximum user convenience for our customers in Redwood, CA. To simply put, you get to decide on what materials are going to be s in your temporary fence, and how lengthy, tall, or dense the framework and mesh will be. Our most favored materials include stainless-steel, aluminum, and galvanized iron, and will be sufficient in constituting a tough fence that provides amazing protection. And by opting for a barbed wire add-on for your temporary fence, you will substantially boost the degree of security rendered by your product.
Another add-on you may be interested in is a privacy screen. Usually availed by our customers who acquire construction fencing, this product

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.052637
Retrieved Text: Much like women, it can be rightfully said that as much as men are careless about their bags, it is inseparable from them. Backpacks for men can be rightfully said as a man’s true best friend and a life savior at multiple occasions. Not a lot of men keep their stuffs organized, they mostly have the habit of throwing their stuffs into their backpack and they’re all set for any day adventure. Keeping that in mind, the bags are being made according to the tough needs of men.
While there are a lot many choices in the market for casual and leather duffle bags for men. The problem comes when you don’t have the multi-functionality feature in any of them and you end carrying your laptop bags for men to work or gym. Moreover, the good quality duffle bags for men often are far too expensive for regular working people even for a one-time investment. Plus, you don’t want to look like a school going kid while going to the gym or office.
When it comes to office bags for mens, it needs to be classy and yes it needs to be have a side strap to carry. That’s how you have a good professional look. So, if you are looking forward to shop office bags online, here is the answers to all of your questions, duffle bags online india. Before we begin to know more about what a duffel bag is, yes! It is multi-functional. Yes, you can carry it to your gym. Yes, it has got

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.042124
Retrieved Text: Vinyl flooringvinyl fencing wholesalers london sheet or plankvinyl fencing wholesalers london is best as an attractivevinyl fencing wholesalers london waterproof covering for basements that most homeowners can easily installSheet or plank vinyl flooring hits the middle sweet spot of requirements for basement flooring.
Though bamboo flooring is made of an organic productvinyl fencing wholesalers london the bamboo is heavily imbued with chemicals and resins that are water resistant though not waterproofInferior Floor coverings in the Inferior category should not be used in wet areas.
Place N Go Composition Floor CoveringIf youre looking for a waterproof flooring for basements that is easy to installvinyl fencing wholesalers london Place N Go is a great choice.
Find the right waterproof basement flooring for your needs! Learn more about SANI TRED as a quality basement floor covering to protect your home.
Basement floor tiles that are waterproofvinyl fencing wholesalers london raisedvinyl fencing wholesalers london rubbervinyl fencing wholesalers london foam and carpetBest basement floor tiles for exercise gym floorsvinyl fencing wholesalers london kids play rooms and family.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.03971
Retrieved Text: According to the Tough Guy Guidebook, real men don’t dance, eat quiche or strut down the fashion show runway.
Just don’t point that out to boxers Michael Bennett and Jeff Lacy, as they are quite possibly the toughest pair of men to ever play supermodel for the day.
During yesterday’s International Fashion Show Extravaganza to unveil this summer’s Olympic uniforms held at the World Trade Center Plaza, Bennett and Lacy – members of the 2000 USA Boxing team – modeled adidas’ boxing line to be worn this September in Sydney.
Draped with royal blue boxing robes, tank tops and shorts, the two shadow boxed their way down the runway during the fashion show that introduced the Medal Ceremony attire that U.S. and international athletes will be wearing at this summer’s Olympics in Australia.
They were joined by representatives of the U.S. swimming, fencing, weightlifting, gymnastics and women’s soccer teams, all gearing up to go for the gold when the 2000 Summer Olympics begin in 65 days.
With little time to worry about what they will be wearing, the Olympic boxers left for the USA Boxing training facility in Colorado Springs last night for training camp before flying to Sydney.
Out of place on the runway, the two are much more comfortable in the ring, a place Bennett and Lacy have found by traveling two very different roads.
Bennett, who is the oldest member of the squad at 28, is the reigning U.S. heavyweight champion. At 201 pounds, he has only been boxing for two years after serving seven years in prison for armed

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.020685
Retrieved Text: Give your wardrobe a quality spin without punching a hole in your pockets. Take hands of Gym clothes and purchase performance- enhancing mens gym clothes from this number one online destination of gym clothes based in USA. Load your cart till you drop and be a part of the new-age fitness forward crowd.
Gym Clothes is one of the leading shopping destinations for gym clothes for men. Crafted to bring out the best in the wearers, the gym clothes men collection here is what you need to perform better and perform longer. These men gym clothes are made using high-end fabric material that highlights active wicking and ventilation properties. They are equally well adept in regulating temperature. Everything from men pants to men outerwears here, they guarantee you maximum comfort. These mens gym clothes weigh less and offer smooth base and easy stretch. So if you were actually looking for gym clothes for men that enhance your overall performance, these men gym clothes are what you should invest in. Whether you spend hours in strength training, cardio or the combination of both, these gym clothes men are all you need in your wardrobe. Even after hours of workout sessions in these gym clothes men, you are assured to feel fresh and relaxed; so you can easily push yourself for more minutes into your regimen without sweating buckets. You get more every time you hit the gym in these mens gym clothes; you lose weight or gain muscle quickly.
Not only in the quality department, but these gym clothing

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.724411
Retrieved Text: . Temporary fencing has improved quite a bit over time, but we’ve stayed in front of the competition by regularly changing our services in addition to our locations. We are proud to say that we are able to deliver the great services you need in renting temporary fencing for occasions or any other use. We are at the same time open for negotiation if it turns out you will want the temporary fence set up outside Two Harbors and in any other area in Minnesota.
for more info about temporary fence rentals that will be on the market. At Quick Temporary Fences, we certainly have a remarkable selection of temporary fence rentals to choose from.
Anywhere you happen to be residing in Minnesota, or if you live inside of the gorgeous city of Two Harbors or in its suburban area, you’ll for sure would like to defend your premises. There are lots of good reasons that homeowners get fencing to safeguard their land. It helps prevent undesired intrusions while also keeping belongings and valuables secure. Every state has their own set of rules that ought to be observed in regard to fencing. Regional and state agencies are the most effective reference for the latest fencing laws in Two Harbors and Minnesota, or you’re able to get in touch with Quick Temporary Fences to get information regarding the most current rules. We also offer service to temporary fencing Pe Ell, WA amid other regions and states around the country.
Specify your Site. Placing fencing all around your home is the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.704746
Retrieved Text: This is a great little shop in the heart of downtown Willcox. Originally built as a flower shop, this gem has been host to a print shop, women's gym and is now currently a daycare center.Fully fenced with chainlink fencing, and two beautiful mature trees in front. Make this home to your dream business.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.70183
Retrieved Text: We worked closely with Stephen, from Stephen Jones Architects and the home owner on this large scale 1920's Bungalow Renovation.
Doors: Installation of frameless glass doors, allowing access to the sauna and steam rooms from the gym.
Glass Partitions: Installation of a glass partition/wall, dividing the sauna and steam room into two functional areas, and adding to the sense of space and luxury.
Glazing: Installation of new glass into a number of existing and new joinery panels including windows. New clear glass fitted into a number of timber framed doors, that allow view through to feature areas such as the wine cellar, pool pavilion and gym. Installation of obscure glass into timber framed sliding doors to hide clutter in functional working areas such as the butlers pantry and laundry.
Glass Balustrades: Frameless glass balustrade designed and installed around the green roof and outdoor living areas above the main stone garage.
Pool Fencing: Frameless pool fencing designed and installed around the spa loggia. Also installed in the pool pavilion to protect access to the heated pool.
Showers: Frameless glass showers, specifically designed and fitted in each bathroom and ensuite.
Mirrors: Custom made and fitted in all bathrooms and ensuite.
Splashbacks: Custom made and fitted in the kitchen area.
"On our Mt Eden House Project we had a number of specific detailing requirements that we were able to discuss and resolve with Daniel prior to manufacturing and that have been immaculately installed. This project included large glazed screens around a spa loggia that was rebated into both stone capping stones and timber beams, large glazed screens and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.686098
Retrieved Text: Brown Composite Fence Posts Composite Fencing The Home ... Shop our selection of Brown, Composite Fence Posts in the Lumber & Composites Department at The.
Contact ECOFENCING Advanced Composite Fencing, Plastic ... EcoFencing, is a new advanced composite fencing system. ... offers a real common sense alternative to the traditional, and difficult to use concrete post systems.
Buy Quality Gardening, Fencing, Paving & Decking Materials Online Items 1 15 of 19 ... Buy quality gardening materials, paving, wood decking, fencing & other equipment from . ... Buy gardening, decking, and paving materials from Ireland's largest online ... COMPOSITE DECKING INSTALLATION KIT MONTANA ... Decking newel posts are great for adding support to your deck.
Woodford Timber Products Suppliers fo Fencing, Decking, Garden Furniture & Jungle Gym Equipment. ... ➥Composite Decking, Fencing, ➥Chunky Post and Rail, ➥Fence Posts ... identified a niche in the market – the severe lack of Irish products available. ... maintenance free service life on ground contact material like posts, sleepers, decking etc.
Whiteriver Composite Decking Northern Ireland One of the manufacturers of composite decking in Ireland are Wogan's under the ... composite joists (or hardwood joists), deck posts, post anchors, post caps, clips, ... Composite Wood Fencing Materials. composite decking suppliers northern .
Concrete Fencing, Concrete Fence, Garden Fence Post Our sister company, Hughes Precast offer concrete fencing solutions for commercial, residential and agricultural applications.
Fencing Irish Recycled Products Our Recycled Plastic Fencing is rot proof , splinter free and great for Privacy and security , last's up to five ... Our standard Post and Rail fencing is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.684278
Retrieved Text: Present: David Elder, Amanda Hopkins, Jess Gracie, Katie Logan, Mary Black, Kyle Nankivell.
Confirmation of the Previous Minutes: Katie moved that the minutes from October 2018 be accepted. Jess seconded. Motion carried.
Matters Arising from the Previous Minutes: There were no matters arising.
Health and Safety: There have been no injuries or safety issues reported since our previous meeting.
Treasurer’s Report: Amanda gave the Treasurer’s Report. We have spent $4500 since our previous meeting, taking the account down to $29,000 total. Costs were largely made up of insurance and gym hire from 2018. David seconded Amanda’s report. The report was accepted.
Payments: Gym hire for last year’s training camp at Auckland Grammar is yet to be paid.
Competitions: The W. Dawn competition will be held on Ferbruary 9th at the Trusts Arena. More details will be available soon.
Competition Venue for 2019: There has been a widespread feeling that we have outgrown Massey High School as a competition venue: some events would need to be split over two days this year and the school has increased its hall hire fee. Therefore, the committee has been looking at potential new options since late last year. David and Mary reported that the Trusts Arena is an excellent potential option for this year. Although more expensive than Massey, it is a top-level venue with various options for larger and smaller competitions. We have been offered extremely favourable rates and plan to run the W. Dawn competition there as a trial.
David moved that subject to final testing, the successful conclusion of the W. Dawn competition and agreement

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.599306
Retrieved Text: On 17th March two US Vets for Peace went into Shannon Airport to attempt to inspect US military planes suspected of carrying troops and arms. They were arrested and held, with bail being refused. The charges were trespass and damage to fencing. Their legal team initiated a High Court Action to achieve bail. A High Court hearing was heard in Cloverhill, Clondalkin, Dublin on 28th March . PANA (to which the Irish Branch of the Celtic League is affiliated) asked for supporters to attend the hearing. The Convenor and International Secretary of the CL attended. About 15 supporters came along in all.
The two men, Ken Mayers (82) and Tarak Kauff (77) offered sureties of €5000 euros each and asked they be allowed to return to the US. They guaranteed they would return to Ireland for the trial. Their barrister read extracts from the US Vets Manifesto which emphasised the peaceful nature of their organisation and protests. The persecution reiterated the charges and said that the damage cause to the fencing was €2,500. Passports had been taken and they objected to bail on grounds of a flight risk ( despite the assurances given to return) . The High Court Judge after some discussion said he would not grant bail unless there was an address in Ireland for the two men. He rejected the guarantees of the two men to return if allowed home. Ex-Commandant Edward Horgan of Shannonwatch supplied an address in Limerick. The Judge granted bail for sureties of €2,500 each. The bail was paid by

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.50223
Retrieved Text: BARTOW — A Florida man is dead following an apparent road rage incident that started on a busy road and ended with a crash into a vacant business building.
A Polk County Sheriff's Office news release says 27-year-old Daniel Bagwell, of Bartow, was found dead Friday morning inside a pickup, impaled by a section of white plastic fencing.
Authorities say Bagwell and a man in another vehicle were both headed south on the busy road. The two men began to weave in and out of traffic before colliding. The momentum carried both into the recently purchased building.
Deputies said 22-year-old Brondon Manning was driving the other car, and he was uninjured. He's cooperating as the investigation continues.
Officials said a crystal substance was found on Bagwell.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.449213
Retrieved Text: We had a blast all weekend with our members and new friends who joined us to celebrate the grand opening of our new facilities! Students had to coach their parents and parents bouted; fencers competed for the best balloon popper title; and our guests discovered the thrilling sport of sword fighting!
Thanks to everyone for coming, and thanks to our fencers and parents for your help in making our first year so successful. We look forward to an even greater year in our new fencing center. Go NYFA!
Have you heard the good news? New York Fencing Academy expanded! We moved upstairs to a brand new 3,000 square foot facility featuring a fully equipped state-of-the-art gym with 6 fencing strips, locker rooms, spectator area with TV & Wi-Fi, and a comfortable family-friendly atmosphere.
fantastic sport of sword fighting!
The move is over and now the FUN can begin. We’re throwing a GRAND OPENING PARTY and you’re cordially invited to the big event!
Come by Sunday October 9th from 3-6 pm for the party at 2896 W 12th St, Brooklyn, NY 11224. And invite your friends to our Open House from 12-2 pm to experience the sport of sword fighting!
Please let us know in advance if you are attending.
We are excited to announce that in just a few weeks, we will be relocating upstairs to a larger, fully renovated facility to accommodate our growing family of fencers. The new club will feature a 3,000 square-foot gym with 6 fencing strips, state-of-the-art equipment, new floors, new heating and air conditioning, windows, locker rooms,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.436428
Retrieved Text: A combination of flu and Harvard plagued the Dartmouth fencing teams Saturday morning at the IAB and sent their men and women back to Hanover with 18-9 and 10-6 defeats, respectively, at the hands of the Crimson.
Sabreman Robert Homer, foilsman Eric Mandelbaum and epeeman Bob Tillman led the Harvard men as they each won three bouts while losing name.
Tillman adapted well to the styles of his opponents, beating his first two foes who preferred fencing at arms distance by making quick running lungers at the torso and out-dueling his final, more versatile enemy, with cautions attacks.
Cathy Lowry spearheaded the Crimson women leading them back from a 1-3 opening round by capturing all four of her bouts, and allowing only eight touches against herself in the process. Lowry seemed to have regained her confidence after a tentative midweek performance against MIT, and fenced aggressively using a combination of her strength and agility to ease past her opponents.
Lowry's teammates, captain Nancy Cooper and Debbie Sze, helped secure the victory over Dartmouth as they each took three of their four bouts.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.430395
Retrieved Text: . We provide a complete selection of temporary fencing services to property owners all over the state, including both rental and set up. When it comes to your temporary fencing demands, whether it is for your home, at the office, or a gathering, let us manage that so you don’t have to.
Temporary fences for construction sites in Akron, OH are our forte at Quick Temporary Fences, even though we accommodate nearly all forms of temporary fencing. Construction sites tend to be situated throughout Akron, along with the rest of OH. High quality fencing helps to keep unauthorized individuals off the property until the project is done. With regards to chain link fences, Quick Temporary Fences is the choice of contractors all over the state. The most important thing to consider if you are taking a look at fence rentals will almost always be the level of protection the fence can bring. Businesses and building sites rely on Quick Temporary Fences to give them peace of mind with regards to their construction fencing needs. We’ll make sure that you find the correct construction fences suitable for your purpose and will make it easier to attain the best possible rate. When it comes to temporary fences and your current temporary fencing needs, trust the same people who these construction contractors depend upon. Once you set up your consultation, we’ll discuss all of your current temporary fencing demands.
and we’re here 24×7 to assist you with regards to your temporary fencing issues. We also offer service to temporary fencing Oceanside

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.423399
Retrieved Text: Let’s face this – girls love men who are confident. You don’t have to say it, they have a knack of sensing this. Be what you are, do not try to impress her – just sound positive and full of energy. Hang out where girls would be comfortable to talk - the gym, library, church or the restaurant. Make her feel desired. Make her feel loved. Arouse the feelings deep inside her for a relationship. If you can make her laugh, that’d be an asset. Make her talk, show interest in what she likes. That’ll give you a clue to hook up. Girls like men who are passionate about things, so reveal your passion for sports, travel or work.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.410004
Retrieved Text: . We have been providing local and statewide property owners and businesses with all of their temporary fencing needs, like installation and rental, and we’ve got numerous referrals and citations that speak of our exceptional level of customer care. Whether you need temporary fencing for work, personal, or a special event, we are able to take care of it if you contact us.
We deal with all types of temporary fencing at Quick Temporary Fences, but our number one focus is providing temporary fences for construction projects within Cross City, FL. With construction being a major market in Cross City and FL overall, it is very important that sites are protected from thieves and pillagers. Quick Temporary Fences has provided countless construction contractors with the temporary fence requirements that they depend upon. Construction fences need to be of the best standard so they can supply the right kind of security. Get in contact with Quick Temporary Fences for your construction fencing specifications and you can be positive you will be getting the absolute best value on fencing. We’ll be certain that you find the correct construction fences to fit your plan and will make it easier to enjoy the best possible pricing. When you need temporary fences and all your temporary fencing demands, trust in the exact same people who these construction companies depend upon. Get in touch with us today to set up your temporary fencing meeting.
Security and safety is always a goal for properties in Cross City, along with the rest of Florida. Whether you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.383724
Retrieved Text: Fencing instructor George Schleh demonstrates several levels of fencing techniques.
Good evening, I am George Schleh, Fencing Instructor here with Recreational Fencing of Manassas. Were hosted by the Team Ruthless Gym at 7049 Gateway Drive here in Manassas. Tonight as I said Ill be presenting the fencing lesson. I have been fencing competitively for the past seven years with Recreational Fencing at Menaces and I have attended a few tournaments with my colleagues.
Weve been in business, Recreational Fencing of Manassas that is, for at least the past ten years and weve membership of about eighteen of our so active fencers ranging from twelve year olds to sixty year olds.
I teach a class on Wednesday night, beginners fencing for about 45 minutes and we cover everything from stance to advance to parries and riposte. Tonight we going to start off by taking a look at the objective of fencing and as well as taking look at some of the gear, the protective gear that you can see me wearing right now and some of the basic moves.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.367737
Retrieved Text: The Western Varsity Fencing Team values each and every player from the past and present. We hope to reconnect with you and show you what has been happening ever since you left Thames Hall Gym.
If you are ever in London, come by to our practices and tournament to help our players. We value that each player has their own wisdom that we can pass down.
Fencing may seem just like a sport but at Western we value the culture and the team! Help support the Fencing Varsity team by donating to the team so we can grow in resources to help grow each and every player that fences here.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.337378
Retrieved Text: Are you interested in working with a highly-regarded temporary fencing service provider operating in Carrollton, TX? If yes, then you should employ the services of Rent Temporary Fencing, as we have designed some of the most sturdy and budget-friendly temporary fences in all of Carrollton, Texas. By selecting our Carrollton-famous corporation, you get to pick your fence’s components, as well as extra add-ons that will boost its toughness and the total level of security it delivers. Anyone living in Carrollton, TX who is enthusiastic about discovering more about our temporary fencing solutions may make contact with our office at 888-289-9933.
With our proficient employees and access to quality building materials, there’s certainly no temporary fence which we can’t build. Regardless if you require a chain link fencing solution to border your home, construction fencing for a long-term development in Carrollton, TX, or a set of portable fences with their own stands to defend against people from crashing an outdoor rock and roll show you are organizing, our group will be in your corner.
Without question, our pros will deal with the installation process for you. They’re competent at setting up any temporary fence (in conformity to your requirements) at any location inside the Carrollton, TX area. On top of all this, these talented men and women will complete the task upon the approved schedule.
Our corporation will grant you full control over the creation of your fence. To simply put, you select what form of materials you would like for your fence, be it stainless steel, galvanized iron, or

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.265732
Retrieved Text: Qatar’s first wheelchair fencing classes launched today at the French-Qatari School Lycee Voltaire under the sponsorship of Definitely Able, a Sasol initiative, and local telecommunications provider Ooredoo. Organized by the Clement Fencing Academy, the classes will demonstrate the important role of sports in improving fitness and enhancing self-confidence for people with disabilities.
Sasol, the international integrated chemicals company, has made inclusion, accessibility and support of the disabled a key pillar of its corporate social responsibility programme, sponsoring many sporting and lifestyle opportunities that can help the disabled reach their full potential under Sasol’s Definitely Able umbrella. Through their Accessible Qatar initiative, Sasol is also working to make Qatar more accessible to people of all abilities.
Wheelchair fencing was developed by Sir Ludwig Guttmann at the Stoke Mandeville Hospital in England and was introduced to the world at the Rome 1960 Paralympic Games. Disabled men and women who usually use a wheelchair in their daily lives are eligible to compete in foil epee (men and women) and saber (men) events. Their wheelchairs are fastened to the floor during competition.
At the event, lead sponsor Sasol unveiled a set of advanced wheelchairs specially designed for wheelchair fencing. The new wheelchairs provide users with smooth and functional control, allowing them to safely master the sport of fencing.
Clement Fencing Academy embraces the value of “fencing for all” through the practice of fencing and self-development. The goal of the CFA is to combine fun with education. Clement Fencing Academy is offering wheelchair fencing classes at a 90% discount at Lycee Voltaire schools in West

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.25878
Retrieved Text: Sheriff’s deputies responded to a call reporting transients in the men’s locker room inside the North Gym Monday afternoon.
According to Deputy Lazaro Sanchez, two male non-students were found and taken into custody.
Both men had warrants for non-violent offenses and were transferred to LAPD custody.
Previous articleStreet Beat: What is your biggest fear?
Next articleStreet Beat: Should student athletes finish their college education before going pro?

================



======= Instance Index 2300 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A woman is in a room with chairs. she... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: starts music by turning on the stereo.

Ending 2: sets up for an archery competition.

Ending 3: is playing the violin.

Ending 4: lifts up a shoe and rubs it against her leg.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.087872
Retrieved Text: Two days in a row with chairs I mean really Laurie, branch back out to talking about your children like the obsessed mother you are already!
I mentioned a few posts back that my mother officially gave her decree that my dining room chairs (belonging to my grandparents) needed to go. Of course I was sad to see them go but she was right. You all agreed too. Well, those few of you that commented on it! So I listed them on Facebook Marketplace and they were gone in a few days. More on that later though because that is another tale in and of itself. After lots and lots of searching on all of my favorite sites I stumbled across these trattoria chairs. I don't think you can go wrong for that price, my goodness!
They are sturdy and will hold up to 400 pounds which is major in my house. They don't leave marks on my tile floors and they are super light weight. And they stack. And they are indoor/outdoor. Anyways you can't go wrong with them. They definitely take some getting used to compared to the old big bulky ones but I love the way they look in this room! On a side note I am looking forward to moving those palms back out on the deck... where they belong.
Okay so the tale of selling the chairs! So this woman comes to get them and we load them into her vehicle somehow and then she looks at me and says, "Listen I don't tell

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.70125
Retrieved Text: The pair exchanged 'I love you's before her husband leaned in for a kiss. They then settle back in their chairs before a doctor in the room asked the woman if she heard the kiss. The shocked look on her face reveals that she had just registered the sound when the doctor asked her about it. Grinning from ear to ear, she says: 'I did!' before breaking down in tears, triggering the doctor to tear-up as well.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.567322
Retrieved Text: Flip tables and chairs are crucial furniture for multi-seating areas such as schools, hotels, seminar venues, village halls, and churches. The greatest advantage with folding tables and seats is that they offer flexible space management in places which may have dual purpose. They are lightweight, easy to stack, and carry. They may be economically profitable for agencies that need to hold meetings for several different places. Folding platforms and chairs can be saved easily. Hotels and eating places use folding tables and chairs along with other furniture during overcrowding. They are used in class during extracurricular activities. Clam shel tables and chairs provide the purpose of an information table or perhaps registration table. They are utilized in shops for displaying items for sale.
Omagnatta - Businesswoman spends �70,000 transforming her three bed. A trip back in time for tea! businesswoman spends �70,000 transforming her three bed terrace into a vintage wonderland with its own tea room after raiding charity shops for retro furniture. Businesswoman spends �70,000 transforming her three bed. Yorkshire post 16:41 pm gmt february 27, 2019 meghan markle wannabe mum of three spends �19k on botox, a bum lift and lip fillers but looks nothing like her idol the sun 16:29 pm gmt february 26, 2019 union terrace gardens plan now too expensive and must be scrapped, say snp press and. Woman splashes �70k transforming her three bed terrace. A nostalgia nut has transformed every room of her three bed terraced house into a retro wonderland visitors feel like they have stepped back in time

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.555422
Retrieved Text: Pregnancy is a time of joyous anticipation. As woman’s belly grows, she thinks about the baby she’s about to have and how doing so will transform her life. While being alive with life is an experience many women cherish, a pregnancy can be quite grueling. This is why is important for all pregnant women to turn their home into a haven from the world. A comfortable home with all a woman needs to feel relaxed as she goes through all three trimesters is a must. Fortunately, there are lots of easy ways to make this happen. There’s many things a pregnant woman can do to create a home full of tranquility and ease.
A woman who is going to give birth frequently finds that friends and relatives want to come visit her. They want to share her delight, marvel at the life growing inside of her and celebrate every milestone. It’s a good idea to create a space in her home where she can welcome guests even if they life far away. A guest bedroom designated for friends and family allows people to spend lots of quality time together. Fitting out a guest bedroom is easier than ever. Even if the expectant woman is on a budget, it’s possible to find lots of great choices for her guest room. For example, a sofa bed offers guests lots of room to stretch out and feel cozy even in a small space. It can also double as a couch when not in use, thereby saving even more space. After

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.994783
Retrieved Text: Expecting. Something in the air.
Here's a story about the effectiveness of community in one day of community acupuncture. It's also a reminder to all acupuncturists using recliner chairs treating woman in late stages of pregnancy.
This happened one day recently towards the end of our shift, where the room was completely full. I was treating a young woman (we'll call her Jules) who is 30 weeks pregnant. I had just finished needling her husband two chairs away, and he had already fallen asleep as only he can, immediately and deeply, into the drop edge of yonder. These two have been coming in weekly since our first month open, long before they were pregnant. Wonderful people. Joys to be with.
Ellen was treating another young woman who is also thirty weeks pregnant. She happens to be a community-based physician. Her husband was also sleeping a snorry sleep with needles in. They have also been long-time regulars. And, such joys to be with.
When sitting down into the recliner, Jules began experiencing some physical discomfort and distress unrelated to treatment but related to being a month and a half from expecting. She was feeling light-headed and nauseas. I helped her back up to walk with her to the bathroom. We didn't make it there, because Jules fainted, with me holding her. It was momentary, but, there she was, my pregnant patient, having fainted, lying in the middle of our twelve or so other patients. I guess it goes without saying that this is the kind of thing that can create some

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.973728
Retrieved Text: Blog post by Dennis Duffy of Duffy Design Group: I was recently at a magazine launch party and the subject of color came up. One woman lamented on how she misses the use of color in many interiors. She went on to describe her own home as mostly black and white, softened with grey tones. “I would really like to inject some bold color in my dining room, but not sure what color to use and where to use it”. I took a deep breath, and decided to go for it! I asked about the shape of the room. “Square”, she replied. I asked about the finish of the dining table and chairs. “Mahogany”, was her answer. So, I suggested that rather than using color on a wall, why not use it on the ceiling of the room – in high gloss enamel. She certainly seemed surprised, but also intrigued. “Really!”, she said. “And, what color would you use?” she asked. I took a depth breath and replied “Yellow”. She thought about it for a moment and then asked, “Which yellow? There are so many! Since I don’t carry paint decks in my back pocket, I searched options back at my office. I sent her a link to Glimmer from Benjamin Moore - Love the name!
I suggested that she pick up the color as part of a bold fabric by reupholstering the dining chairs. I really like the fabric on the Panorama Latte Pillow pictured above, from Mitchell Gold & Bob Williams. “What should I use

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.952301
Retrieved Text: 1950s: teenage boys and girls sit in desk chairs, listen to woman, rise up and exit classroom.
hd01:40CIRCA 1940s - Hitler's agents kill, imprison and torture during World War Two.
hd00:211960s: Man grinding substance in bowl, pan to woman, close up of hands rolling joint.
hd00:191950s: Girls and boys talk together while at restaurant table. One boy takes out a bottle of liquor and pours it into each person's soda bottle.
hd00:281950s: Girl in school uniforms enter classroom, then stand for teacher as she enters. Woman enters room and begins talking to girls. Girl stands. Girl raises hand.
hd00:12UNITED STATES 1950s: Douglas MacArthur waves from car in New York parade / View of city, ticker tape / Pan down Empire State Building to parade.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.671837
Retrieved Text: Costa Dorada, Miami Playa Spain - Villa's with shared pool near the sea.
The house has three bedrooms an two bathrooms. The living area is approx. 120 square meters and the private garden area is approx. 200 square meters. You will find a fully equipped American kitchen, a living and dinning room, as well as a storage room.
In the kitchen there is a fridge and freezer, dish-washer, oven, cooker, coffee-machine, toaster, etc. In the bigger bathroom is a washing-machine. In living area you will find SAT TV.
In the garden you will have garden chairs and sun-umbrellas as well as relax-chairs. Car can be parked in front of the house in closed and secured area.
In community area you will find the great swimming-pool with a separate children part, a pool-bar for drinks and ice cream and a cafeteria for our guests. All of our houses are managed by a nice woman, who lives the whole year in the park and is responsible for the houses and the park as well as for the guests by key-receipt and for all questions. She also managed the pool bar and offers every week a Spanish bar-be-que for the guests.
Bakery and super-market will be reached by walk within 5-7 minutes.
The beach is 900 meters away from the complex.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.546152
Retrieved Text: The office was small and cramped, rows of prefabricated plastic cubicles and faded, mustard-yellow carpet a small indication of the dismal atmosphere. The woman whose job it was to log the company’s expense reports sat at her desk that was indistinguishable from its fellows, the same smiling family pictures and quirky mugs that her coworkers had given her for lack of any kind of real understanding about her personality. The woman absent-mindedly stirred her coffee, the rhythmic clinking of the spoon on the ceramic a soothing sound. Her other hand danced on the keyboard almost of its own accord, typing the correct numbers into the required places. Her stupor was broken by the rap of knuckles on the wall of her cubicle, causing her to look up slowly.
“Are you finished with October’s data yet? I’ve been waiting since Monday for you to finish that.” The speaker was a man with an extraordinarily red face, almost as if he was constantly sunburned.
He walked off, and the woman rose from her chair, tired of the room that was almost stiflingly warm with the body heat of dozens of feverishly-working employees. She walked along the narrow hallway between cubicles to the stairs leading to the roof above, climbing them slowly as to prolong the time away from her desk. She opened the door at the top, feeling the cool kiss of autumn air that swept through her hair. The metal doorknob was cold to the touch, but she had never minded the cooler temperatures. She looked out across the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.320946
Retrieved Text: Store for ladies desk chairs on-line at Goal. Free transport on purchases over $35 and save 5% every single day together with your Goal REDcard. Store for Teenagers’ Desks & Chairs in Teenagers’ Furnishings. Purchase merchandise reminiscent of City Store Fake Fur Activity Chair at Walmart and save. Discover cool desk chairs and examine in fashionable consolation. Pc chairs function adjustable seats and swivel designs to fulfill your whole seating wants. On-line buying from an excellent choice at Workplace Merchandise Retailer. Store our greatest choice of Girls Desks to mirror your model and encourage their creativeness. Discover the proper youngsters’s furnishings, decor, equipment & toys at Select a desk and chair that you just benefit from the really feel of. ladies white furnishings; platform mattress bed room furnishings; storage mattress bed room furnishings; white headboard twin mattress; .
Discover desks and chairs for youths and add an organized workspace to Children and Child Desks & Chairs. If you wish to give your little woman a room match for a .

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.858482
Retrieved Text: I then continued to roam the halls aimlessly, going around corners, walking through gardens checking if my luggage had arrived yet.
Then in a flash, I remembered that I had to go to the principal's office for my schedule. I went through another series of hallways and stopped at a wooden door that had a gold plaque above that read "Principal's Office''. I opened the door and was greeted by the scent of lemon and orange. The room was considerably large, with a large wooden desk with a small amount of paperwork on it. The desk had a picture of a man and a woman, with a little boy and girl. They were a very normal family by my standards. Behind the desk were large bookshelves with many books, some of the shelves had more family pictures.
There was a picture that had the little boy with gray hair and blue eyes who was looked really happy playing with this toy train. Another picture had the boy standing with a little girl who looked almost exactly like him, except she had mole on her left cheek had short pigtails. She was smiling, but the thing is, he wasn't smiling anymore. A lot of the other pictures were like this, with the boy winning awards, winning races, him in school pictures, school recitals, and even in swimming races, but the boy always managed to keep a cold and neutral look on his face.
On the walls in front of the desk were large paintings, some were abstract, some had people

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.788822
Retrieved Text: When entering the coffee shop, you notice tables, chairs and general coffee shop paraphernalia.Â What most will not realize is that almost every piece of furniture tells a story about Small Ritual’s journey.
When we began talking about what the coffee shop would look like, we all had a vision in our heads.Â The team of “designers” had very high standards and expectations.Â Finding furniture that fit our vision on a tight budget was difficult to say the least.Â Hours were spent driving to different stores, taking pictures of various pieces, calling dealers and constantly browsing Craigslist.
There was one item that kept me on Craigslist for many hours. Because I am a mom, the furniture outside the kids’ play room was really important to me.Â I wanted a cozy space for caregivers to sit and relax.Â We hadn’t found anything for that space two weeks before we opened and we were coming to the end of our furniture budget.Â I just couldn’t find anything under $300 a chair — and I had been looking for months.
One morning I found a listing on Craigslist that immediately caught my attention.Â A woman in South Surrey (yay, I wouldn’t have to drive too far) had three gorgeous, cozy chairs that would fit perfectly.Â The only problem was the price.Â I decided to go out on a limb and let her know that we were a non-profit and that I thought her chairs would be perfect for the area outside the kids’ playroom.Â I asked if she would consider selling me

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.720129
Retrieved Text: In renovating her client's townhouse living room, Connie Lindor opted to retain built-in shelving by the home's original architect, Mark Mack of Venice, California, then added some judiciously arranged chaos. Taking center stage are a pair of black-lacquered chairs from Colombo USA that pose Hamlet's existential question across their backs. The sofa is from the Apta collection by Maxalto and the Running Creek coffee table from Mimi London in Los Angeles; the carved and polished side table is made from Joshua Tree forest wood.
If you could draw a map of the making of Connie Lindor's career as an architect, the route would be circuitous. The dots can be connected now, but the end point would have been hard to predict looking forward. She grew up in a series of small, mostly unremarkable Minnesota towns. For amusement she did things like creating miniature hotel rooms from cardboard boxes. As a young woman, she studied science and then worked in London for two years before joining the Peace Corps to teach high school biology and chemistry in Fiji.
"I began to see how differently we all live," says Lindor. "In Fiji, they live communally, in one room with four doors. In England, everything is stacked, with small, private spaces. But wherever, however we live, we want it to be personal. I noticed how the volunteers in the Peace Corps all brought their stuff from home to make the environment their own."
The dining room features tailored VIP chairs by Marcel Wanders for Moooi and an oxidized maple Tobin table from

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.649736
Retrieved Text: The woman shook her head. “You’re Ms. Evans?” She consulted a paper on the desk.
The woman gave a nod but said nothing more, kept her eyes on the desk.
Kim Banks, customer service manager, was the last one to arrive, whooshing into the room like she’d been blown in by a heavy wind at exactly 7:00 p.m.
“All right,” the brunette said, and took a seat in one of the two remaining chairs. She smiled warmly, set down some papers on the table in front of her, and crossed her legs. “My name is Bella Hunt and I’ll be running this conflict resolution group for the next six weeks. Every Wednesday, seven p.m., right here. If you have to miss one, you can tell me, but just know that I have to let your boss”—she consulted the paper—“Mr. Joplin know. Not that I’m tattling on you, but you need all six classes in order to be passed. Understood?” Nods and murmurs went around the table. “Good. Okay.” Bella Hunt sat forward and folded her hands on top of the stack of papers.
Easton watched as she spoke, liked the calming quality of her voice, found herself sitting up a little straighter.
“Not because we don’t want to,” muttered Henry Deets, their traffic manager. Henry was no-nonsense and organized and did not take kindly to having his abilities challenged or criticized.
The others chuckled, as did Bella.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.563044
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.492992
Retrieved Text: So, we were at American Girl today and Lainey was really needing to be nursed. She was way overstimulated and inconsolable. So, Sundi found a place with comfy chairs in a semi-private area. Well, this rude woman comes over to me and says, “You need to do that somewhere else. Try the fitting rooms,” and walked away.
Well, I went downstairs to the fitting room and asked the woman there, “Can I nurse her here,” referring to my screaming-bloody-murder child at this point. She says, “I need to find out.” She comes back a few minutes later and says, “Go ahead, whatever.” She then continued to talk about me to another worker just outside the fitting room door I was in.
This is totally unacceptable and as a nursing mother I’m personally offended by the ignorant employees at American Girl. Forty-Five states, including New York, have laws that specifically allow women to breastfeed in any public or private location. Nursing is a huge sacrifice and it’s difficult enough without additional societal pressures and people making you feel like you are doing something dirty or wrong. If this woman had sat down and started feeding her baby from a bottle no one would have glanced twice at her.
I breastfeed Cole, and I’ll be the first to admit that nursing in public is uncomfortable. No matter how much I cover up there are still people who stare at you like you have ten heads. Does the world think that I enjoy pulling out my breasts in public? No! But I

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.475378
Retrieved Text: Today I was shown around the primary school where I'll be working as an SSO.
When I arrived, I had to wait a while by the admin desk. On the floor a small girl sat cross-legged, patiently waiting for somebody, next to an enormous backpack that was larger than she was- almost.
"I don't need chairs." She said to me, very sweetly.
I watched Cathy, the principal, as she stepped out of her office and collared a 10 year old boy who was moodily kicking at the wainscoting; he was out of uniform - dressed expensively in designer hip hop rig, red streaks jelled up in spikes all through his hair.
Cathy said "Good Morning" and the boy sneered and exploded a loud burp into her face.
"Having a good week, then?"
And then he popped another one, louder and longer, and, abruptly, he changed and became a little boy, who answered all of her questions eagerly - his father is in Darwin, and therefore Not Around, and his Mum is pulling him out of school this afternoon because she feels like going to Adelaide for a holiday. Then he shut off- burped in her face again, and shoved a greasy McDonalds bag into her recycling basket, and came out whistling.
Cathy stayed in her office - presumably sorting out her trash, and a man, shambling, unshaven, with his shirt-tails hanging down his legs shuffled into the office.
"Morning Mr Hanks!" the receptionist chirruped.
He acknowledged her, unsmiling, with a vague half-raise of his hand.
"Daddy!" the little girl jumped to her feet. The receptionist smiled

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.464088
Retrieved Text: On a living room design, there are some pieces you can add to the room decoration to make it more comfortable and stylish. One of these pieces are modern accent chairs, which Dining and Living Room considers essential in any living room.
So, here’s a selection of modern accent chairs to stylish your living room designs that will make you fall in love!
The gorgeous Chandra chair by KOKET.
Martin Brudnizki, modern chairs with upholstered chair design. Velvet armchair for your modern living room chairs ideas.
Cocktail accent chair by KOKET.
As a tribute to Dorothy Draper‘s high style we took the classic Drapesse chair and added a bit of KOKET lavish & sensuous edge.
This simple but sweet small armchair’s named MIMI by KOKET cozy design hugs your body in soft velvet upholstery fabric.
Handsomely crafted from solid brass, the Nº11 chair by Boca do Lobo combines an avant-garde approach with classic lines.
Classic in its silhouette, the lustrous curves of this Nessa Chair by KOKET complement those of the modern day woman.
This exquisite confection on the Délice Chair embraces you with its heavenly curves & luscious accents.
A sense of fun and frivolity pervades in this Emporium gold chair, but this exclusive piece also manages to be sophisticated.
DALYAN armchair by BRABBU will bring beauty to every decor.
Hope you liked our suggestions. Please leave your opinion on our Facebook Page or at the comment box below. Thank You!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.433243
Retrieved Text: Elegant Leon Rosen swivel chairs for the Pace collection. Three are available, listing is priced individually.
These club chairs have a tub seat which retains the original upholstery comprising of a small square geometric pattern consisting of navy, dark teal, pale amber, muted rust, purple and small amounts of azure blue. The arms also have the original arm covers which have been tacked on loosely and can easily be removed. This upholstered seat sits atop a polished steel swivel plinth base which rotates, allowing for those seated to divert their focus and conversation as is appropriate.
These deep seated lounge chairs would compliment various locations such as a living room, den, games room man (or woman!) cave or office space. They would also be perfect in a hospitality or corporate location, such as; a boutique hotel lobby, cocktail bar, members club, workspace studio, executive office, meeting room, or in a luxe clothing emporium.
These chairs were part of a suite of Mariani and the Pace collection office furniture belonging to a large real estate developer who was friends with Steve Chase. His 8,000 square foot Laguna Beach home was entirely designed by Steve Chase, which we are currently offering many selections from on 1stDibs. View our storefront for more Steve Chase and Pace / Mariani items along with pictures taken from the Steve Chase Laguna Beach home.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.354277
Retrieved Text: Hey all, I just wanted to say thanks so much for this awesome event! I brought my 92 year old friend Erna, who emigrated from Austria (Krampus’ homeland!) as a young woman right after WWII. Erna remembers being visited by the Krampus as a little girl.
She says she found out later that when St. Nicholas and Krampus arrived, one of her parents would slip St. Nicholas a note with details of when she and her siblings had been naughty throughout the year, and St. Nicholas would secretly read it quickly and then confront the children with their misbehavior. If the children did not take responsibility and apologize and promise to be good from then on, they were threatened with Krampus abduction! She still remembers being frightened/excited when she and her siblings heard the combination of chains and bells outside their home announcing the arrival of St. Nicholas and Krampus, and then her parents would round the children up and make them sit in a row of chairs in the living room waiting to meet their visitors. Hahaha!
Again, thank you so much. Erna had the time of her life!
Thank you Lisa and Erna for sharing! We’ll have a photo essay of the different scenes of Milwaukee Krampusnacht up later in the week!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.274376
Retrieved Text: large round tables for sale foyer pedestal table sale foyer pedestal table best round ideas on living room large round extra large dining tables for sale.
belleville sofa sears astounding sofa wall plus sectional sofa image of modular sectional sofa pieces belleville sectional sears.
grey dining chairs uk view larger gallery modern stainless steel dining chair available in 3 finishes with faux leather upholstery grey dining chair covers uk.
glass dining sets 4 chairs dining room inexpensive dining room chairs cheap dining chairs set of 4 chairs dark blue glass top dining table set 4 chairs below 10000.
best sofa brands 2016 furniture winsome best sofa brands quality stylish 5 top sectional sofas which online for best rated sofa brands 2016.
rubber mats walmart rubber mats floor mats home chairs woman pot meat steel house bread hi rubber exercise mats walmart.
chair beds for sale chair bed sleeper sale chair beds for sale sleeper couch convertible sofa beds for sale dublin ireland.
kitchen island with range kitchen kitchen island exhaust hoods kitchen island exhaust hood kitchen island range a inch island kitchen island cooktop hoods.
lazy boy sofa reviews photo 2 of 4 lazy boy sleeper sofa reviews lazy boy sofa beds lazy boy sofa sleepers sale la z boy collins sofa reviews.
where to buy sectional sofa tufted sectional sofa with chaise tufted sectional leather tufted sectional sofa shaped sofa cheap sectional sofas cheap sectional sofas houston tx.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.087454
Retrieved Text: When it comes to my caffeine fix, I will admit that I love Tim Hortons and always go there for my morning coffee. The coffee tastes great and I find it less expensive than many coffee shops.
That said, in more recent times, my visits to Starbucks have become more regular, since my wife and daughter enjoy a number of their drinks, including their “Secret Frappuccino Menu”. In addition, over the last few months, my daughter has asked me to take her to the local Starbucks so she can sip on a beverage and relax in the “big cozy chairs” after a day of skating or other fun activities.
Since I began sharing these experiences with my daughter, I have started to appreciate the Starbucks experience even more. Currently, I frequent my local Starbucks to catch up with friends, have informal business meetings, or get work done without the distractions encountered at my home or office. In fact, between the big cozy chairs, the free Wi-Fi, and some nice music playing, I’m wondering if I really need an office anymore!
During a recent visit, I was surprised to observe how many of the customers at the Bathurst and Joicey location were regulars. What was even more surprising, is how the employees knew many of these people by name, regardless of whether they were a manager, full-time or part-time employee. In addition to the personal touch, I also like how this location usually has seats available. Whether it’s the big cozy chairs, a table for two, or space at the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.057566
Retrieved Text: We just met a woman that feels heat (literally, hot enough for her to say she was burned) from inanimate objects. She says it is mainly the floors and chairs in her home, and she is unable to walk in certain places or sit in certain places if they are hot at the time. Not everything is hot all the time, and sometimes she has no problem with chairs or floors, but will suddenly get burned as she walks across the floor, or sits in her chair.
She's becoming very anxious over this, and I'm wondering if there is a physical or mental disorder that could explain it. Thank you.
Browse other questions tagged neuroscience cognitive-neuroscience psychiatry physiology psychology or ask your own question.
Are there neurological conditions that can be worsened by B group vitamins?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.992496
Retrieved Text: Women are making great strides in the world of business so much so that they’re also moving up the ranks of the world’s richest people. While those at the top of the Forbes Billionaires List inherited their money, plenty of the world’s richest women are completely self-made.
The Richest Woman In The World 2019, Others used their financial savvy to turn the silver spoon into an entire set of silver cutlery. So, who is the richest woman in the world in 2019? And who are the women giving her a run for her money? The Richest Woman In The World 2019 All figures are given in US dollars and were up-to-date as of February 05, 2019.
Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken is the daughter of Freddy Heineken of Dutch beer fame. She has a law degree from Leiden University and owns 23% of the brewing company, where she also serves as executive director. She lives in the United Kingdom, one of the countries with the most billionaires.
Iris Fontbona was 18 when she married Chilean businessman Andrónico Luksic Abaroa. Upon his death, she and their three children inherited his wealth and his business holdings. They built upon this wealth and now control some of the world’s largest mining, shipping and brewing companies, among others. She is one of the world’s billionaires who are single.
The granddaughter of Fidelity Investments founder Edward Johnson II, Abigail Johnson comes from one of the world’s richest families. She is the company’s chairperson, CEO, and president and also chairs Fidelity International. She has a degree in art

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.979397
Retrieved Text: Dolly Parton is one of the world’s most beloved celebrities. And no one loves this international superstar with the larger-than-life personality more than the folks in East Tennessee in the southern U.S. where she grew up in the Smoky Mountains. Even with all her success as a singer, songwriter and actress for nearly five decades, Dolly has never forgotten her people; and in 1986, she gave back to the community by launching her Dollywood theme park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
More recently, in July, 2015, she opened DreamMore, a lovely, thoughtfully designed family resort hotel just two miles from the park.
As I visit DreamMore at the closing edge of fall, the Smoky Mountains still flaunt their red and gold colors, adding to the warm feeling I get the minute I step into the large foyer from the brightly lit porte-cochère. It’s like a beautiful home! To the left is the Living Room with comfy chairs gathered round a stone fireplace with mantle decked out for the holidays. To the right is the Family Room, a more casual space also with a fireplace where families play cards and checkers. Straight ahead are steps leading to a wrought-iron balcony overlooking the lower level that houses the restaurant, spa/salon, fitness center and leads to the Backyard.
My room clearly was designed with a family of four in mind. A king bed with a bunk bed next to the wall—how clever! Of 300 rooms and suites, about 200 have the bunk bed setup. It might have been any hotel room, but a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.977385
Retrieved Text: Originally published in a weekly periodical between late 1859 and 1860 as a serial story, this is believed to be the first English crime detection novel. This is Victorian fiction that combines romance, mystery and Gothic horror with a psychological twist.
The story opens with an eerie encounter, in the dead of night on a moonlit London road.
In one moment, every drop of blood in my body was brought to a stop… There, as if it had that moment sprung out of the earth…stood the figure of a solitary woman, dressed from head to foot in white.
The instant my eyes rested on her, I was struck by the rare beauty of her form, and by the unaffected grace of her attitude. Her figure was tall, yet not too tall; comely and well developed, yet not fat; her head sat on her shoulders with an easy, pliant firmness; her waist, perfection in the eyes of man, for it occupied it’s natural place, it filled out its natural circle, it was visibly and delightfully undeformed by stays. She had not heard my entrance into the room; and I allowed myself the luxury of admiring her for a few moments, before I moved one of the chairs near me, as the least embarrassing means of attracting her attention. She turned towards me immediately. The easy elegance of every movement of her limbs and body as soon as she began to advance from the far end of the room, set me in a flutter of expectation to see her face clearly.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.967594
Retrieved Text: AndrewMc would love your feedback! Got a few minutes to write a review?
"Please, oh my god! Please help!" The woman stood by the window, tears streaming down her face. Her blonde hair fell across her face in an unkempt manner, and her night wear was tinged by patches of sweat. She banged on the window in desperation, "Please...anyone, help us!" Behind her the sounds of panic reverberated around the room as other people pushed and forced their way through the chaos. She continued to bang on the glass as she begged for unseen and unhearing help from the outside world.
Flames licked at the walls of the room as the fire spread across the floor. Other women struggled in vain at the door in the corridor, while others threw pieces of furniture in the direction of the window. The woman sobbed uncontrollably as her hand began to bleed under the pressure placed on the glass as she banged. Tears mixed with blood from her nose and both combined and slid down her face. "Please..." she begged desperately. One woman in the corridor screamed and clutched at her hand as the heat from the fire licked the metal handle and burnt at the door. She looked at her hand and sobbed as the flesh was burnt from her palm.
Activity on the street below broke the sound of screams as the main doors of the building were thrown open. As the cold night air invaded the building, a clutch of people dressed in plain white overalls spilled out into

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.872684
Retrieved Text: The colour selection of carpet make the room seems darkish as the carpet within the grey color. Nevertheless the supply of huge rolling window make the room appears to be like bright. The big window beside the mattress make the room seems to be luxurious with many glass and make the user feels comfort. It's good for user see the scenery around the room. Many home windows within the room like the picture above show appropriateness room for the summer season holiday. Bedroom.
The first thing to remember before decorating the bedroom is finding out if she likes her bedroom or not. If she loves it as it is, then, decorating it will probably not make her as happy as you imagine. But, if she clearly has the thought of decorating her bedroom, then you can go to the next tips. The second thing you need to know is what color that your daughter likes. That information will be used to paint and buy necessary furniture for your daughter’s room. After that, you can find out what cartoon, story, character, or anything that your daughter like. This can be the information to look up the room that she would like based on the story or character that she likes. Then, you can have the similar or almost similar ideas and imagination of room with your daughter to then start to decorate it. Bedroom.
For those who are feminine always want to have their bedroom painted pink or white. So, if you try to decorate your bedroom and if

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.814936
Retrieved Text: The owner of this home is the daughter of a Listed Artist. She had dozens of valuable paintings leaning against a wall in the guest room.
We created a composition above the sofa by choosing 4 to flank the piece already hanging. We also gathered accessories from around the home and traded the two occasional chairs with chairs in the dining room.
BEFORE: This room looked more like corporate housing, than a home reflecting its owners.
AFTER: The furniture was brought closer together for a comfortable conversation area, accessories and artwork were added and the occasional chairs were traded for two in the dining room.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.749847
Retrieved Text: Here are the top 100 April fools hoaxes, from the Swiss spaghetti harvest to the British postal address turnabout. I think my favorite is "planetary alignment decreases gravity:"
In 1976 the British astronomer Patrick Moore announced on BBC Radio 2 that at 9:47 AM a once-in-a-lifetime astronomical event was going to occur that listeners could experience in their very own homes. The planet Pluto would pass behind Jupiter, temporarily causing a gravitational alignment that would counteract and lessen the Earth's own gravity. Moore told his listeners that if they jumped in the air at the exact moment that this planetary alignment occurred, they would experience a strange floating sensation. When 9:47 AM arrived, BBC2 began to receive hundreds of phone calls from listeners claiming to have felt the sensation. One woman even reported that she and her eleven friends had risen from their chairs and floated around the room.

================



======= Instance Index 944 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is standing in a gym. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: holds a training staff in his hand.

Ending 2: holds up a rubik's cube.

Ending 3: uses a racket to hit a ball off a wall.

Ending 4: bends down and picks up a large weight.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.1746
Retrieved Text: 4k00:13Blurred portrait of an Athletic man holding smartphone. Scrolling, swiping and tapping motions. Outdoor athletic gym playground background.
4k00:15Fat vs fit. Belly. Beer belly vs fit. Sport vs beer. Fit sport guy belly battle. Trained body vs not trained.
hd00:15A man is posing showing a fat stomach. Fat man massages his belly.
4k00:17Man having difficulty on a toilet seat straining the best he can.
hd00:31Injections of insulin to blood sugar disease. Diabetic Glycemic control. Dependent first type diabetes patient.
4k00:09Blurred portrait of an Athletic man holding smartphone. Scrolling, swiping and tapping motions. Outdoor athletic gym playground background.
4k00:21The surgeon is performing an operation on the eyes, close-up. Correction of. The doctor does blepharoplasty. Operation in the operating room.
hd00:12A man is posing showing a fat stomach. Fat man massages his belly. Time Lapse.
4k00:23Doctor measuring obese woman waist body fat. Obesity and weight loss.
hd00:10A man laying on his couch gets an upset stomach and has to run to the bathroom.
hd00:17Senior man gets stomach ache standing in the kitchen.
4k00:12Man on his knees on the side of the road vomiting and looking sick.
4k00:16Bellyache, severe abdominal pain, man holding his belly and having painful cramps.
4k00:06Worried elderly man with stomach ache. Senior man with indigestion, constipation or colon, blurred background. Unhealthy food eating and abdominal problems.
4k00:08Close-up of a big male stomach. The fat man checks his waist, he is obese and overweight.
4k00:20Man With Indigestion Pain Clutches Stomach, 4K Health Care.
4k00:09Close up of an Athletic mans hands holding smartphone with green screen chroma key. Scrolling and tapping motions. Outdoor athletic gym playground background.
4k00:11Pain symptoms - abdominal ache. Closeup of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.95696
Retrieved Text: Could you keep up with The Rock?
If there's anyone who can make you feel inadequate, it's former wrestler-turned-actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. Standing 196cm tall and weighing in at 118kg, Johnson has made a career of being a literal beast – but he didn’t get that way by sitting on the couch eating peanut M&Ms.
In a video released by Johnson's production company Seven Buck Studios, we see what it takes to turn this man from a pebble into a rock – and it's an absolutely brutal four minutes.
After warming up with some core work and rotator cuff exercises (smart move – because tearing your shoulder is one of the most common gym injuries), Johnson hits his upper body with the ferocity of a man literally working out for million-dollar movie contracts.
From lateral raises to dumbbell bench presses and enough ab work to have you crying out in pain for a week, Johnson's gym routine would likely crush a man who dared to try it.
You'd think that The Rock's impressive strength and stamina would win over anyone who watched his workout – but as usual the gallery of YouTube commenters couldn't get over one little thing.
"Does he really sweat this much?" commented one viewer. "I get that this is a tough training session but this man doesn't just sweat… he's leaking."
"Take a towel to the gym man, that's just common courtesy," wrote another.
For the rest of us – sweat or no sweat – it's nothing but respect for the man who was the world's highest paid actor

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.932362
Retrieved Text: In Diamond where to I get the poketech app to find mespirit?
The Poketech is in the large building (not tall, but wide) in Jubilife City. There is this man standing by the counter.
What are you talking about? I never said it was the third gym I made a type and said 'collect your sventh badge' instead of seventh seriously I'm not lying.
You stupid fool. You answered wrong and you copied my answer to get points.
No I didn't, I saw this question had no answers on it, I know the answer and decided to answer it I'm not lying.
Enough of this. Mr. E, your answer was incorrect. Jofly, he never copied your answer. His answer was always incorrectly reading 7th badge instead of third badge, so how could he have copied yours?
Nevermind his answer is hidden now, but he wrote the "3rd gym" and changed it to the "7th gym" when he saw my answer.
So you're saying he had the correct answer at first and then changed it to an incorrect answer?
Wow im very sorry, I thought it said something else. Sorry Mr.E.
Do you catch Mespirit and the other ledgendaries in Diamond?
Where does mespirt run off to in diamond?
What to do after beating Dialga, Mesprit, Uxie & Azelf in Diamond?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.105175
Retrieved Text: ← AG019 : Sharpedo Attack!
Muro Gym! Enter Touki the Surfing Gym Leader!
Brave the Wave (Japanese: ムロジム！波乗りジムリーダー・トウキ登場！ Muro Gym! Enter Touki the Surfing Gym Leader!) is the 20th episode of the Advanced Generation series, and the 294th episode of the Pokémon anime. It was first broadcast in Japan on April 10, 2003 and in the United States on February 7, 2004.
Ash charges out in the early morning, ready to challenge the Dewford Gym. He's followed by Max, May, and Brock who are all still wiping the sleep out of their eyes. Upon arriving at the door to the Gym, Ash is bowled over by a group of energetic surfers charging out of the door. The surfers are followed by a man who apologizes for the commotion and turns out to be none other than Brawly, the Dewford Gym Leader. Ash instantly asks for a match, but Brawly has plans to go surfing. Ash is irritated that Brawly won't accept the challenge, but he, May, Max, and Brock end up following Brawly and his surfer friends to the beach—much to his dismay. At the beach, Team Rocket is happily running a snack stand and they modify their motto to suit the service industry atmosphere. Of course, they see Ash and his friends arriving at the beach and begin devising a plot to steal Pikachu; although James is content to continue selling their frosty beverages. Brawly and his Makuhita begin surfing the waves.
On shore, Pikachu is caught by Team Rocket. They try to get away in a motor boat,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.076874
Retrieved Text: Last week, the CrossFit community was buzzing about a selfless act that took place at an affiliate in Ohio. After a homeless man approached the open garage door at CrossFit 740 in Lancaster, owner Dustin Lansing gave him the shoes off his own feet as well as a second pair he had at the gym. CrossFit 740 athlete Jami McClure was the first to speak with the man and approached Lansing about the shoes. BoxLife had a chance to chat with her about the fateful event.
Jami, how did this exchange come about?
“Several of us were waiting for class to begin and there was some time between classes because the workout happened to be a little shorter this particular day. I was standing near the garage door and noticed a man walking down the road, which is a pretty busy road in our town.
He looked over at me and waved and I waved back, which is just my nature because I just love people and have a special empathy for those who struggle. But anyway, he approached the garage door and said hi and asked if anyone had any shoes.
What made you feel compelled to make sure he came away with a pair of shoes?
We talked about the shoes he had on his feet, which were flip flops he said he found in a dumpster, and they were huge on him. I asked him his size, and he told me 10 1/2. I was prepared to give him my shoes from my gym bag, but they were

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.024374
Retrieved Text: Funny Jokes Headlines: A man was standing at the bus stop.
And I hate doing exercise or Yoga.
Whenever I see someone going to gym or playground,I feel sick for them.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.40764
Retrieved Text: A black man claims he was spat on by a white gym member at the Virgin Active in Hatfield, Pretoria, according to a report on Sunday.
Brian Maluleke (23) said he was scared to set foot in the gym again, City Press reported.
“I had started working out when I felt a cold liquid dripping down my ear and realised the white man next to me had just spat on my face,” Maluleke told the newspaper of the incident on Tuesday.
“I asked him why he spat on me. He rudely said: ‘It was a mistake. Sorry, dude.
Maluleke said other gym members did nothing to help.
According to the report, Virgin Active’s managing director Ross Faragher-Thomas apologised and suspended the white man’s gym membership.
The gym chain also helped Maluleke find a therapist and paid for his counselling.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.326302
Retrieved Text: Hotness personified; Yay or Nay?
This old man has managed to give some serious competition to the new generation kiddos, in spite of his age.
Well well, the truth enfolds! No grandpa here but our very own Top Crossfit competitor Kenneth Leverich. Kenneth dressed up as an old man with pristine white hair went to win million hearts at the legendary Muscle Beach Venice, California.
Watch the video closely; you will notice the reactions of the audience and fellow competitors. They were more worried than bewildered at the old man’s stunts. They were concerned about the consequences if the talented grandpa pulled a muscle or broke his joints. However, after few swift dead lifts at the gym, all we could hear was cheers and standing ovations from the spectators. To add more spice to the event, the old looking Kenneth Leverich even flourished quite a number of upside down push ups.
This video was shot and posted by Thrillist shows on their facebook page. The clip definitely reminds us of a similar stunt maniac Uncle Drew a.k.a 2012 NBA athlete of the Year, Kyrie Irving (Video Link), where he dresses up as an old man and performs some massive basketball tricks.
Kenneth went through a complete prosthetic makeover from a renowned makeup studio. And his patience gave way to astounding fan followers. Watch Kenneth’s passion for work out in reality here.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.885366
Retrieved Text: The fact that Nick Santonastasso statistically shouldn't even be alive is unbelievable. But then you see what he does in the gym, and "unbelievable" takes on a whole new meaning. The 20-year-old from New Jersey was born missing both of his legs, his right arm and all but one finger on his left hand. He's one of the most inspiring people you'll see in the gym because he has never let that get in his way.
Santonastasso was born with Hanhart syndrome, an extremely rare condition that left him legless and missing an arm. According to his YouTube post, "My Life Story," Santonastasso is one of only 12 people that have ever been born with the condition. "Of those 12, 8 of them are dead," he said in the video.
His Instagram is full of videos and pictures of him in the gym, coming up with creative and inspiring ways to work the muscles he does have. He doesn't use prosthetics to get around—he is pictured usually standing upright on what is left of his legs, rarely without a massive grin.
Santonastasso gained fame as a teenager with his prank videos—notably, this one where he dressed up as a zombie and scared Walking Dead actor Norman Reedus. Today, he spends most of his time in the gym and doing motivational speaking.
This guy is a prime example of living life to the fullest, and is seriously motivating. One thing is for sure: After checking out his videos, Santonastasso leaves with literally zero excuses for the gym. But if you're still

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.72227
Retrieved Text: Former middleweight champion Kelly “The Ghost” Pavlik had come to town to support his longtime friend and Sweet Science owner, Billy Lyell, and to raise funds for the Eastside Boxing Club — the gym’s youth organization.
The Sweet Science Boxing Gym in East Naples was all abuzz Friday evening.
Pavlik knocked out Jermain Taylor in Atlantic City in 2007 to win the WBC and WBO middleweight titles. He held both for three years. But Pavlik was much more than an “alphabet soup” champion — a derisive term used to describe the plethora of champions representing a plethora of boxing sanctioning bodies. In any given weight class there could be as many as five champions.
Pavlik (42-2, 34 KOs) was considered among the best pound-for-pound boxers during that time and was recognized by Ring Magazine as the legitimate middleweight king. More importantly, he was the lineal middleweight champion, meaning he was the man who beat the man, who beat the man, and so on, dating back to the first middleweight titlist.
After Pavlik's appearance, when the regulars began to show up at the gym for their workouts and with a bona fide great among them, the energy level in Sweet Science rose considerably, creating a boxing symphony: the whir of the leather jump ropes spinning through the air got faster, the rat-a-tat-tat of the speed bags popped that much more, and the thumps on the heavy bags dropped like a bass drum’s bottom hammer.
“I love the sound of the gym,” said Pavlik, who owns his own fitness gym in Columbiana, Ohio

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.690947
Retrieved Text: Travis Lazarus "Travie" McCoy (born August 6, 1981 in Geneva, New York) is a rapper, singer, multi-instrumentalist and lead vocalist of the alternative hip hop group Gym Class Heroes. Signed to T-Pain's Nappy Boy Entertainment, he released his solo debut album, Lazarus, on June 8, 2010. The lead single from the album, Billionaire featuring Bruno Mars, has so far reached #4 on the Billboard Hot 100. McCoy was born and raised in Geneva, New York. In high school, he met Matt McGinley in his gym class, and the two bonded over their love of music. They decided to start a band, and played with other musicians until Gym Class Heroes was formed in 2001. Travis made his MTV debut in the summer of 2002, as he appeared on stage at the beach house on a standard nation-wide MC Battle that was held on the MTV show Direct Effect. McCoy was arrested on July 1, 2008 after hitting a man on the head with his microphone. The man had been in the crowd at a concert in St. Louis when he shouted racial slurs at McCoy. McCoy asked the man, "What did you just call me?" As security was removing the man from the venue, McCoy brought the man on stage to call him out in front of the crowd. In a statement, McCoy's publicist said that the man hit McCoy in his knee, which was in a brace after he had suffered a recent strain In early March 2008, McCoy opened up about his battles with

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.65314
Retrieved Text: So I go over to a Chain Gym What Shall Remain Nameless that is near my house. Because, you know, I’ve been working out over in RI but sometimes might like to work out over here, so I go because they are all CHEAP AND BEST WORKOUT GYM YES YES YES EVER. And stuff.
wow, that is a lot of plastic.
And folks, I can see the end of the machines and the bank of mirrors and I’m telling you right now from where I was standing it wasn’t even like a SPACE AT ALL THERE.
“By the mirrors?” I asked her.
So I go over there and they have a rack or two of dumbbells and some fixed barbells and then like three Smith machines and um.
I go back over to the counter. I try not to be all EXCUSE ME THAT IS NOT FREE WEIGHTS in her face, and I say “no, but really,” like she was just playing a funny joke on me, “where are the free weights?” And she said, you know, those are them.
And she gets a ZOMG WAT look and waves the big tattooed guy who has been listening this whole time over and he has to actually come out from behind the counter to have this conversation with me, apparently. So he’s standing there and he’s the kind of guy, I know, who is kind of like the male version of me, who knows he’s big and powerful and has gorgeous tattoos but isn’t quite sure of his body anyway, and stands like

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.576548
Retrieved Text: A Tampa law firm follows the trend of standing and treadmill desks.
Lawyer Colleen Fitzgerald slips off her patent black heels and pulls on a pair of old running shoes.
In the middle of her office, a treadmill whirs to life. Unlike the treadmills in the gym (or the ones gathering dust in your spare room), this one is fitted with a desk where you'd normally find the speed and incline controls.
The platform looks like any other workspace: two monitors, a keyboard, yellow sticky notes and the obligatory coffee cup. Fitzgerald climbs on, picks up her phone and joins a rising workplace trend.
When the downtown Tampa law firm GrayRobinson started encouraging its employees to embrace standing and treadmill desks, buying a walking workspace was a no-brainer for Fitzgerald, 43. Heart disease runs rampant on her mother's side of the family. Her mom and her maternal grandfather died in their 50s.
"My motivation is to try to defeat my genetic fate," she said while holding a steady pace.
Prolonged sitting has been associated with significantly higher risks of everything from cancer, diabetes and heart disease to obesity and depression. Some researchers say our comfortable, ergonomic chairs are worse for our health than cigarettes. Even our early morning runs or evening gym sessions may not compensate for the damage we do sitting for hours on end at our desks.
Experts say we should move around or stand for at least two hours — ideally four — per eight-hour shift, according to a statement recently released in the British Journal of Sports Medicine. Standing

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.556559
Retrieved Text: If you're one of the people who still showers barefoot at the gym, it might be time to change your ways.
A US man caught a grotesque flesh-eating infection after showering barefoot in his gym. What started as a hard, itchy spot on the man's foot soon evolved into full-blown warts before morphing into open wounds, the Daily Mail reported.
The man tried countless remedies before eventually needing skin graft surgery with fish scales to patch the wounds. Two months after the surgery, the man is still unable to walk.
The man anonymously sent his story and pictures to Houston's 94.5 The Buzz in the hope he could spread the word about the dangers of showering barefoot in public.
"Do yourself a favour and wear shoes in any public area where there is water," he said. "The scary thing is, the virus can live for over two years on a shower floor. Take care of your feet so they can take care of you."

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.53944
Retrieved Text: INDIANAPOLIS -- An Indianapolis CrossFit gym closed its doors Wednesday after intense backlash over a canceled pride-themed workout.
A note left on the door by the management of CrossFit Infiltrate, located on W. 9th Street along the Indy Canal, says they will "no longer operate" at the current location.
Several workers and members left the gym Wednesday after the gym's owner, Brandon Lowe, sent an email out this week canceling a pride-themed workout.
Lowe's email said the goal of the gym is total health and well-being of the individual and the community. It went on to say, "We believe that true health forever can only be found within humility - not pride."
Lowe sent RTV6 a statement about the cancellation of the workout, saying, in part "The gym has a history of welcoming and serving people training to be fit." and "The gym never has and never will be anything but welcoming to all human beings who live, move and breathe and God's world."
Following an RTV6 story about the canceled workout, CrossFit Chief Knowledge Officer Russell Berger tweeted early Wednesday that he encouraged the gym's decision to refuse to hold the workouts, and thanked them for standing by their convictions and "refusing to celebrate sin."
That tweet along with others Berger sent to clarify his stance has since been deleted. The company sent a message a short time later saying Berger was placed on "unpaid leave" while management "completes a thorough review." Berger was then fired.
CrossFit founder and CEO Greg Glassman told Buzzfeed News that he didn't stand by Berger's views.
The

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.521914
Retrieved Text: Police in Tustin are searching for a man who fatally shot another man Thursday inside a storefront gym.
Shortly after 12 p.m., police responded to a boxing and mixed martial arts gym in a strip mall in the 14000 block of Newport Avenue, Tustin Police Lt. Robert Wright said.
Inside, officers found a man with gunshot wounds, Wright said. He was pronounced dead at the scene and his identity was not released.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.43785
Retrieved Text: Way down this road, in a gym far away, a young man was once heard to say, “I’ve repped high and I’ve repped low, No matter what I do my legs won’t grow.” He tried leg extensions, leg curls, and leg presses, too. Trying to cheat these sissy workouts he’d do.
From the corner of the gym where the big men train, Through a cloud of chalk and the midst of pain.
Where the big iron rides high and threatens lives, Where the noise is made with big forty fives. A deep voice bellowed as he wrapped his knees, A very big man with legs like trees.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.389421
Retrieved Text: John Wayne Parr, a ten times world champion Muay Thai/ Kickboxer.
As a young man, he trained in Thailand and became the most respected foreign Muay Thai fighter among Thai’s.
He is currently has a record of 99 kickboxing wins and is signed to U.S promoter Bellator Kickboxing. He also owns and runs his own gym in the Gold Coast called Boonchu Gym.
He is one of Australia’s most accomplished, but also unknown athletes. He sat down with our host Jesse Begley in his Gold Coast home for Life In Flux.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.341583
Retrieved Text: About six months ago, it was not a great time for the gym I go to. Likely the result of financial difficulties, ­the quality and consistency of some basic gym amenities started to suffer. Occasionally there would be no soap in the showers, the TVs would be broken, the sauna would stop working, or there wouldn’t be any towels for showering. Additionally, the cleanliness of the facility was going downhill and, as a result of all of these issues, my friends at the gym started complaining.
It’s funny – but whether it’s gym buddies, coworkers, teammates, roommates or classmates – people that spend a lot of time together usually find something to bond over. It can be something good or something bad, but after spending enough time together there’s usually some common experience that starts to define the group. Something good to bond over is mutual achievement. There’s nothing like a big “win” to get people to come together. However, in the absence of something positive, it’s also very easy for people to bond over complaining about something negative. Surely you can think of an example.
At one of my old jobs, the number one thing that employees bonded over was how terribly the company was run. The funny thing is – it was remarkably successful at bringing people together. Everyone became very close complaining about senior management. It was totally a vicious cycle. People would complain – bond – and then complain some more. Before we knew it, the primary thing that everyone would talk about at

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.320822
Retrieved Text: Daniel Sam is one of the biggest, scariest looking fighters on the GLORY roster and when he is in the ring he shows no mercy. The London, England man comes to finish or be finished, never to play for points.
People are surprised to find that outside the ring Sam is a soft-spoken and thoughtful man. His area of London has long been plagued by gang problems and Sam is a youth worker who tries to get youngsters off the streets and into his gym, where they can find a more productive outlet for their energies.
When big fights are coming up he relocates to Amsterdam and trains at Mike’s Gym, home to numerous top-tier fighters such as Gokhan Saki, the GLORY Light-Heavyweight Champion, and the former world champion heavyweight Badr Hari.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.319822
Retrieved Text: Photograph of Cathy Chapplow - Student Life staffer and head of the First Year Experience program - standing (far left) with some of her student leaders, during Orientation Week.
Photograph of Information Technology staffers setting up computers during Orientation Week.
Photograph of Kurt Lundberg, Student Life staffer, speaking during Orientation Week.
Photograph of student or staffer Mike Penninga addressing students gathered in the gym, during Orientation Week. He is holding a folded umbrella, and a sign visible in the background reads: After Dark with Mike Penninga.
Photograph of Neil Snider standing with some students during Orientation Week.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.240734
Retrieved Text: Competing at America’s Strongest Pro and America’s Strongest Masters of 2017 events in Phoeniz, AZ, Oct. 14-15 at the Europa Fit Expo inside the Phoenix Convention Center, Carbondale’s Steven Fotion won every event he competed in, on his way to a 1st-place title, winning the 2017 title of America’s Strongest Man 50-plus.
At the competiton, Fortion competed in the Circus Dumbbell Press of 120 pounds, doing as many reps as he could in one minute. The Carbondale resident completed 12 reps in the event before turning his focus to the 600-lb Yolk Walk for 60 feet. Fotion completed the walk in 12 seconds to win the event, setting him up for the 2 Keg Carry, which is a 60-foot walk with a 225-lb keg and a 60-foot walk with a 250-lb keg.
Sticking with his dominant performance up to that point, Fotion completed the walk in just 20 seconds, remaining on top in his age class.
Following the keg walk, Fotion competed in the Axel deadlift, which was 500 pounds. Fotion had one minute to complete as many reps as he could, and the Carbondale resident came through with 10 reps in the one-minute window, setting up the final competition, which happens to be his favorite event.
In the Atlas Stone, Fotion had to put a 225-lb stone over a bar for one minute. Like he had in the previous four events, Fotion came out on top, putting the stone over the bar an impressive 12 times, locking up the America’s Strongest Man 50-plus title.
In order for Fotion to quality

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.231365
Retrieved Text: at Salie Gym, Forward Operating Base Warhorse, Nov. 27.
BAQUBAH, Iraq (Nov. 27, 2006)) -- "At times like these, it is important to remember that Staff Sgt. Morris was not ours to keep. Rather, he was called home ahead of all of us to a better place," said Capt. Clayton Combs, commander of Company C, 1-12 Combined Arms Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division, during a memorial service to honor Staff Sgt. Daniel Morris, Co. A, 1-12 CAB, and a native of Clinton, Tenn. Morris died Nov. 25, of wounds received in combat near Baqubah, Iraq.
Soldiers from the “Grey Wolf” Brigade, many from the 1-12 “Charger” Battalion, gathered to honor the life and service of Morris during a ceremony at Forward Operating Base Warhorse’s Salie Gym, Nov. 27.
Chaplain (Capt.) Eric Bey led the invocation and prayer while Soldiers spoke about their fondest memories of the fallen Soldier.
"The one thing everyone knew about [Morris] was how strong his faith was, and how solid his character was," Combs said.
"Staff Sgt. Morris was a great Christian," said Capt. Christopher Conley, commander for Co. A, 1-12 CAB.
"He believed in the Lord, Jesus Christ, as his Lord and Savior," he continued. "He is currently in heaven, enjoying his eternal life. His walk with the Lord was well known, and as a result, his moral courage was unparallel."
"Staff Sgt. Morris used his faith to draw strength in competence," Conley said. "He knew that no matter what happened to him, he was going to be saved. Just like the men Joshua led

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.230356
Retrieved Text: Muay thai — also known as “Thai boxing” — is the national sport of Thailand. This discipline is commonly referred to as the “art of eight limbs,” and it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees and shins.
Considered to be the “grandfather of muay thai” by those in the martial arts and combat sports community of Oregon, Walrath and his Bigfoot Gym were a cornerstone in Eugene for more than three decades. Ajarn dedicated his life to his family, his students and the Bigfoot Gym School of muay thai and krabi krabong, the weapon-based martial art of Thailand.
In an era where martial arts, mixed-martial arts and physical fitness became commodified and appropriated for business, Ajarn Walrath’s gym stood as a beacon of legitimate bushido.
An original backyard student of Ajarn Surachai Sirisute — the man credited with bringing the martial art of muay thai to the United States in the 1970s — Ajarn Walrath presided over a gym of fighters he treated as an extension of his family. He was also a student of the late Ajarn Samai Masamarn, at the Buddhai Swan School of krabi krabong, in Thailand. Masamarn is widely considered to be the last great master of krabi krabong.
In Eugene, Ajarn Walrath took in men and women from all walks of life, teaching them traditional muay thai, krabi krabong and self-defense, as well as mentoring them in every aspect of the human experience. He was as much a community advocate, counselor and therapist as he was an Ajarn.
One would be hard-pressed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.216635
Retrieved Text: At 315 pounds, 15-year-old Adam Park knew he needed a change. By 2015, just over a year later, he has lost 165 pounds. Park is now 150 pounds in weight.
Adam Park considers himself lucky.
He weighed 315 pounds at 15, but didn’t run into trouble with bullies or pressure from family and friends.
But he knew that he was not living the life of most teenagers. He didn’t go swimming or sleep at friends’ houses. He wouldn’t get on rides at the fair, feeling self-conscious and afraid that he wouldn’t fit.
On his own, he knew he had to make a change.
“I educated myself on the healthy choices in life,” said the resident of Bowmanville, Ontario.
Soon, he noticed his energy level increasing and tried to challenge himself by increasing his treadmill time to 20 minutes and his speed to 3 mph.
The weight really started to come off. He ate protein sandwiches at school and added an exercise bike to his routine. After losing 75 pounds, he felt good about joining a gym.
“Adam is a shy guy and never wanted to bring attention to himself, so when he started, he did it quietly,” his mother, Charlene Park, said.
But at this point, there was a stop in the progress, as trainer Aaron Adu Poku noted.
“When Adam first came into the gym, I noticed a young man with his head down, low monotone voice and a confidence that was almost nonexistent,” he said. “On the first day I trained him, he rarely spoke to me, and barely looked me in the eyes.
After

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.168995
Retrieved Text: A Facebook post showing a simple act of kindness in a Pascagoula gym has received a lot of attention online.
On Monday Ricky Derouen posted a pair of photos to his Facebook account showing a man lending a helping hand to a special needs gym member. "While working out at Planet Fitness in Pascagoula a special needs man constantly approached him about 10 different times in a 45 minute time span with handshakes, hugs, questions and interactions," the post read.
But the man's reaction is what has the internet buzzing. "Not only did this man smile, laugh, give him workout advice multiple times, and joke back with him while getting in his own workout but he didn't care who was watching while doing it.....his patience, compassion, and friendliness was next level admirable," Derouen wrote. "Towards the end of the workout the special needs man approached me and pointed to the man in the orange shirt and said "that's my friend" with a huge smile on his face."
"The world needs more people like this man in the orange shirt, well done sir." Later, Derouen updated the post after discovering the identity of the generous man. "Ladies and Gentlemen we found the man in Orange David Samuel ," he wrote.
On Tuesday, the Facebook post had over 1,000 comments praising the man's generosity and love.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.163721
Retrieved Text: It is not a usual sightseeing Faez at the gym and here’s why.
Entrepreneur and Actor Faez Nick is not just another guy at the gym. Standing at 170 cm and weighing 63 kg, this 25 year old was Champ of Champs at Muscle Chef 2016 in the Men Physique Category and is also an API Ambassador Athlete.
Faez devotes his time not only to his active health & fitness lifestyle, he’s also driven to inspire other people in his role as a fitness ambassador.
On top of that, he’s also currently breaking into the local entertainment scene as an actor and is working hard every day at the gym, especially on his favorite workouts for his chest and abs; the two muscles he says are the most important to show off when dressing up in a shirt or suiting up!
Keep your eyes opened for Faez. Who knows, we might just see him on the stage and on the big screen in the near future!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.154943
Retrieved Text: In own words: It's hard to describe my character but I am optimist with sense of humor. I know that I am responsible and I have a very good intuition. Thanks to my job I am very open-minded to everything new. I am aware of the different cultures and customs. I have many friends. I like to be active in my life style. On weekends I go to the night clubs and after work I go to the gym. It is very important for me to keep fit all the time. If I have no spare time to go to the gym I make exercises at home. I adore dancing and I am fond of learning foreign language. My English is pretty well and now I am learning Italian. I think I am progressing in it.
Our tip I want my man to be more mature and then he is older than me. I dream to find a reliable and caring man who knows what he wants. I think it is very important for a man to realize that he is ready to start a family.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.149704
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Mark 15:39 When the centurion, who was standing right in front of Him, saw the way He breathed His last, he said, "Truly this man was the Son of God!"
When the centurion, who was standing opposite Him, saw the way He breathed His last, he said, "This man really was God's Son!"
When the centurion who stood facing Jesus saw how he had cried out and breathed his last, he said, "This man certainly was the Son of God!"
And when the centurion, who stood from opposite him, saw that he expired, having cried out this way, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.
And when the centurion who stood facing Him saw Him expire this way, he said, Really, this Man was God's Son!
And when the military officer in charge of one hundred men, who was standing in front of Jesus, saw Him die like that, he said, "Truly this man was the Son of God."
And when the centurion that was standing opposite him, saw that he thus cried out, and gave up his spirit, he said: Truly, this man was the Son of God.
And when the captain, who was near, saw how he gave up his spirit, he said, Truly this man was a son of God.
So when the centurion, who stood opposite him, saw that he cried out like this and breathed his last, he said, "Truly this man was the Son of God!"
and the Centurion who stood over-against him, observing that he expired with so great a cry, said, certainly this

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.094994
Retrieved Text: Football is a big-man's game. The larger you are, the easier it is to bully your opponent. Darren Sproles is having none of that. He stands at 5'6" and weighs 190 pounds. "I heard I was too small to play in high school, in college, and in the NFL," says Sproles. "It just made me work harder." Sproles delivers smashmouth proof every Sunday. He's faster, tougher, and slipperier than almost every player on the field. Statistically speaking, he's a giant. During the 2011–12 season, he rushed, received, and returned kicks for 2,696 yards—the most all-purpose yardage ever. He can run around guys or over them. Fittingly, he has two nicknames: the Lightning Bug and the Tank.
"Darren is maniacally focused and prides himself on outworking every guy at the gym, every workout," says Todd Durkin, C.S.C.S., owner of Fitness Quest 10 in San Diego and Sproles's off-season trainer.
When the Saints find themselves at fourth and goal on the 1-yard line, they count on Sproles to launch into the end zone. He usually hits pay dirt, thanks in part to box jumps in the gym. "The explosive movement tests strength, stamina, and power through the hips, glutes, and calves," says Durkin.
Sproles needs to stay light, nimble, and on his feet. Durkin challenges his balance with single-leg barefoot drills. Try leg reach-forwards: Stand barefoot and balance on one leg—with that knee slightly bent—on an Airex pad. Then hinge at your hips and reach as far forward as possible with both hands. Hold for 1 or 2 seconds and then

================



======= Instance Index 1098 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Several people are gathering and talking to the camera. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are riding rafts down the river.

Ending 2: are at an outdoor event.

Ending 3: are playing beach soccer.

Ending 4: are going down a river in a kayak.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.240505
Retrieved Text: The Downtown Workgroup came up with a great idea for engagement around the City's Protected Bikeways Plan, to be released this Friday.
We will set up on 10th and Nicollet. We will buy a few parking meters and keep that space for interacting with folks biking and walking past. We will provide some talking points around the Protected Bikeway Plan.
Please help us in gathering comments in support of the protected bikeway plan via photo petitions.
Val has volunteered to take photos, but I would like to empower all of you to use your cameras or fancy camera phones, too! We will have boards that say, "I support protected bikeways because..." and we will ask people to write their names and they can add a reason why they support protected bikeways. Then they say, "protected bikeways" and smile for the camera!
For the camera shy, we will have clipboards for petition signatures.
Before they ride away, everyone will get a "protected bikeway" sticker. Fun!!
Please help us make this event a success!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.676714
Retrieved Text: Careers in Shell Trading are some of the most exhilarating in the business.
Shell’s Trader Development Program is a structured program aimed at graduates with work experience. Find out more.
So what's it really like to work in Trading at Shell? Here you can tap into the experiences of the people who know best - the people who are already working for us. Listen to what Mike - Executive Vice President has to say.
Revolving glass doors with large white Shell logo on each panel. A man enters the revolving door, setting the door spinning slowly.
Camera is looking up at ceiling. Shell logo and the word Trading is visible on a lighting panel below ceiling.
Brief view of a close-up of a hand at a lit-up console.
Camera pans quickly from right to left, showing blurred images before focusing on right profile of a man looking up, hand to mouth as though thinking.
Brief view of a screen showing three multi-coloured graphs on a black background.
Man wearing headset, seated in front of several computer monitors. He is talking on headset.
Scene showing atrium surrounded by white building. There are large potted plants and we see two women in foreground, walking towards camera, carrying boutique shopping bags.
Scene of long passageway with people walking down passageway away from camera. Several of the people disappear and others reappear as they proceed down the passage.
Camera pans around a room containing a large partitioned desk. A ship’s bell hangs from a stand on the desk in the left foreground. Several people are seen seated in a row along

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.68268
Retrieved Text: I am usually greeted in the morning by the sounds of my two roosters crowing and the high-flying, neighbourhood crows cawing. But early last Sunday, as I walked across the parking lot to my hotel room carrying two cups of coffee, my morning greeting from the birds was from a loud colony of seagulls. I thought that the sound of the seagulls was a nice hello as I prepared to go to the Vancouver Camera Swap Meet.
Last February I wrote about how I look forward to this event, and that in my opinion, it doesn’t get much better than to spend the day surrounded by a huge selection of cameras and other photography equipment all for sale.
Well, there I was on the first Sunday in April having a great time again. I have been a regular at the Vancouver Camera Swap meet since the 1980s. And as I have written so many times in past articles, I look forward to meeting and talking with the diverse gathering of photographers of all interests, specialties, and lifestyles.
I always rent a table and after my customary quick walk around the hall, I was ready for the 9am rush of photographers looking for bargains. And as usual I was guessing about the latest trend and hoping I brought the right camera equipment to sell.
I only bring what I can fit in my car and space is limited on the eight-foot table the organizers provide. I have found that piling too much on the table not only invites theft, but makes

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.234808
Retrieved Text: Search Results for "multiracial group"
Chatting multiracial group of college students doing group study in academic library. Positive diverse university friends studying with books during exam preparation in high school library.
Multiracial group of young people sitting at table with laptops in modern office talking and sharing ideas about new projects.
View through glass of young multiracial group of coworkers talking lively while drawing new strategy plan in office glass wall.
Multiracial group of young people gathering around table in modern office and watching laptop all together communicating and discussing new ideas.
Wide view of multiracial group of volunteers taking care of nature ecology and picking garbage in plastic bags cleaning ground.
Young multiracial group of people posing at wooden table in office and eating ordered pizza while enjoying conversation.
Multiracial group of people in a start pose for running.
Beautiful young multiracial group of female friends having refreshing beverages and laughing in park.
Multiracial group of people sitting in row along table and concentrated on work with papers and documents.
Multiracial group of volunteers taking care of nature ecology and picking garbage in plastic bags cleaning ground.
Multiracial group of casual workers standing behind office glass wall and working with stickers on it arranging new ideas.
Multiracial group of cheerful smiling friends taking a walk and having tasty ice cream dessert.
View of confident group of multiracial volunteers protecting nature and standing in forest smiling at camera.
Group of multiracial scientists discussing process of contemporary 3d printing and future possibilities. Static 4K shot on Red cinema camera.
Group of multiracial scientists discussing process of contemporary 3d printing and future possibilities.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.205374
Retrieved Text: Everyone’s got an idea they think will sell, but convincing people to part with their money is key to a successful sales pitch. Using a sales pitch may seem difficult if you don’t have much experience convincing people to buy products or services. Fear not -- creating and using successful sales pitches can be learned even if you’re not a born salesman. Start by making your sales pitch succinct so it quickly identifies whether or not the person you’re talking to is a qualified candidate for what you’re selling.
Successful sales pitches include explaining the benefits your prospect will receive once they buy from you. Talking to past customers and gathering testimonials gives you the groundwork from which to build the pitch. The features of your product or service should only be mentioned in your initial sales pitch if they provide a direct benefit to the customer. Otherwise, hold off on explaining features until you know the prospect is interested and wants those details.
Few people feel enthused about talking to a fake sales person, such as the loud-mouthed, used-cars salesmen depicted in Hollywood movies. Instead, use your natural enthusiasm to talk about your product or service during a sales pitch, remembering that you need to grab their attention within the first 30 seconds. As a part of being passionate and enthusiastic, you must also listen to your prospect’s complaints, concerns and questions, and respond with honesty and warmth. Before you start your sales pitch, practice your responses to as many questions as you can think of that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.193647
Retrieved Text: Without fail, it tends to be the apps of the day that lull-proof family events. Folks of all ages are often quickly brought together by a group-made Snapchat story or introduction to Face Swap, and it’s bound to end in laughter and make some memories. Download a couple of these app and have them at the ready for your next family gathering to make sure the good times keep rolling.
Snapchat (iOS / Android)—Discovering Snapchat is pretty fascinating. You just take a picture with your camera phone, then add text and drawings to it, select the recipients you want to share it with, decide how long you want the message to be visible (up to 10 seconds), and send. String your snaps together and make a Snapchat Story. This app is as simple to use as it is hilariously entertaining for creative peeps.
Face Swap Live (iOS)—Face Swap Live lets you switch faces with a friend or a photo in real-time. So, you record a video of yourself and a pal on your phone, and the app will switch your faces live from the camera feed. If you ever wanted to see your talking face on your cat’s photo, or your kid, this app presents the opportunity.
Heads Up! (Android, iOS)—This charades-style party game made popular by Ellen, will get any group up and moving. The guessing player holds their phone up to their forehead, the screen displays a word they can’t see, and player tries to guess as many words as possible based on the groups’ clues to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.157558
Retrieved Text: Avideo surfaced over the weekend showingat least two people brutally beating a Black transgender woman. Dallas Policeare reportedly investigatingit has a hate crime.
The video opens to show a sunny-day undisclosed gathering in the streets; people are talking into the camera and, though inaudible, appear to be inhigh spirits.A few minutes in, the camera pans over to screaming and crying. A transgender woman, since identified as Muhlaysia Booker, is seen on the ground while a man in a white t-shirt kicks her.
When contacted on Monday, the man who took video, under the name Taj Mahal, declined to comment to the Daily Dot. Booker did not immediately respond to the Daily Dots request for comment.
According to the Dallas Police Department, Booker was assaulted after a minor traffic incident, which led to a verbal altercation. At least one other person joined the man, kicking Booker as she screams, Stop! Stop! and tries to shield herself with her hands.
At one point, after Booker manages to get up and try to escape, the man follows her and continues to punch her.While many in the crowd try to stop the assaulters, others are heard cheering them on.
According to local news, Bookers family says she had several fractures on her face and a broken wrist. She was reportedly taken to the hospital following the incident and was home by Sunday.
Late on Saturday night in a Facebook status, Booker thanked her supporters for their love. THANK YOU SO MUCH ITS A BLESSING BEING LUCKY ENOUGH TO WITNESS THE LOVE AND RESPECT IM GETTING, she

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.554504
Retrieved Text: There’s something about an old school kustom that speaks to us. Maybe it’s the creativity, or perhaps it’s the ingenuity that goes into them that’s doing the talking. Whatever it is, kustoms are a styling exercise that we like to see, especially in a large gathering.
To that end, the fine folks in the Los Hitters Car Club, based in the Dallas area, held their 1st Annual Dia de los Kustoms car show at their favorite haunt, the Velvet Elvis Lounge. We can’t think of a better venue than a celebrated dive bar for a kustom and hot rod show, so the setting was perfect.
Being in a car club means you can count on support from your club brothers, but it also means that other car clubs will throw in their support as well. And support came from far and wide with clubs coming in from Houston, Austin and other Texas towns. So the mix of cars and people made for a really good gathering of some of the best kustoms we’ve seen in a while.
And we go to a lot of shows, so that’s something.
Throw in an after party with live music and you can see why we’re putting this show on our Radar for their next gathering. Cool cars, cool people, cool lounge – what’s not to like?
Speaking of like, we’re featuring photos here from a photographer whose work we really like – James Nelms. James is a long-time buddy of ours who occasionally graces our presence at shows with his camera, as well as

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.448883
Retrieved Text: There he sat -- two tables away -- Little Richard, the man considered "the architect of rock 'n roll".
I first noticed him as we carried our trays to our booth at the cafeteria.
Whether my wife noticed, I wasn't sure.
I was certain my 7-year old daughter hadn't noticed.... after all, Little Richard burst on the scene a half century before her time!
Yes, she silently nodded.... she knew.
He was seated at a table with several other people, including two adorable kids, no more than 2 or 3 years old.
I could hear bits of his conversation.
He was on the cellphone at one point.
I heard him say, "Hey, this is Little Richard...." to whoever was on the other end.
His identity was now confirmed beyond a shadow of a doubt.
I told my wife, "Wouldn't you know it, I left the digital camera in the car."
"I would love to get a picture of McKensie with Little Richard."
"What a keepsake that would be... this man was right up there with Elvis, starting it all... he was in the first group of people elected to the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame", I said.
"Should I go get the camera?"
"Sure", she said, "just run out to the car and get it."
"But I don't want to bother him", I mumbled.
"He won't mind", my wife assured me.
About then, the two children with his group ambled over toward our booth, laughing and saying something to my daughter.
Here was a potential opportunity to make contact.
"I should really go get the camera", I said again.
Now my mind was conjuring up

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.319708
Retrieved Text: Mahogany beauty up for grabs on eBay: Item number: 280678583086.
Pete, do you a sound sample? With this uke, sound is especially important.
Just when my Ukulele Acquisition Syndrome was quelled you had to put this up for sale ...Hopefully it goes to a good home as its probably the best uke I've ever played.
My current camera is useless - it has 'noise' which for a digital camera is comical :( Take it from me, when I was playing and talking to clients this afternoon the uke was drowning out their voices.
saturday night at the Snowdonia Gathering.
I would have been up for this one!
I like it. Are you going to build more like that?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.034044
Retrieved Text: Home Social Siyappa How are Uma Bharti & PM Modi Speaking on Hinduism?
Congress leader CP Joshi has hit out a classist slur at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP leader Uma Bharti while addressing a gathering on Thursday. Claiming that it is only the brahmins who are qualified to speak on the Hindu religion, Congress leader CP Joshi questioned how PM Modi and Uma Bharti are going on and on about Hinduism as they belong to different castes. His controversial remarks have been caught on a camera. While AwaazNation.com could not verify the authenticity of the video, multiple news channels cited the video and quoted Joshi as having made the comment.
People from (unclear) who are present here, does anyone know the caste of Uma Bharti? What is the caste of Ritambhara? In this country if there is anyone who knows about religion it is the Pandits. Intellectuals, Pandits & Brahmins. It is very weird that Uma Bharti who belongs to the lodi samaj is talking about Hindu religion. Sadhvi ji also belongs to a different religion and she’s talking about Hindu religion too. Narendra Modi belongs to some other religion and talks about Hinduism. This isn’t the brahmins’ job. Brahmin don’t understand this. In the last 50 years Brahmins have lost their mind.
Earlier, Joshi had claimed that if there was anyone who could fulfil the promise of Ram Temple, it was a Congress Prime Minister. Rajasthan goes to polls on December 7.
Joshi, a prominent Brahmin face of the Congress is contesting the Assembly polls from Nathdwara,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.979448
Retrieved Text: Duke of Kent opens a new section of the Grand Union Canal.
Full title reads: "NEW STIMULUS TO TRADE - Duke of Kent opens widened waterways on Midland section of Grand Union Canal."
A barge sailing through canal towards camera.
Several air shots of the Grand Union Canal.
A barge sailing down the canal towards the camera, it stops at some sort of a gate. Prince George, Duke of Kent and several other people are seen inside the barge.
Elderly man speaks into microphone, probably introducing Prince George. Prince George talking into microphone - opening the new section of the Canal.
A white ribbon is seen across the screen - it is positioned in front of the microphone. Duke takes scissors and cuts the ribbon.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.850485
Retrieved Text: Have you been to The Gathering Church?
They are up to 4 services every Sunday, so just pick at time! Fantastic program and music, every time we visit!
Everyone I met at the Gathering was so friendly. The music was contemporary at the service I attended, and the message was well-prepared and meaningful. I have attended three times throughout the spring, when I couldn't travel to Wilmington to my home church.
This is a very friendly church with a really good teaching message. The pastors and the people are real down home folks and I enjoyed meeting and talking with them. I was challenged by the message and I am a better person as a result.
Get quick answers from The Gathering Church staff and past visitors.
Does The Gathering Church offer Saturday evening services year round? And what time do they start?
No, they only have Sunday Services. Sorry.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.792908
Retrieved Text: Mothers’ Day dawned with damp roads and a hint of winter chill in the air. Numbers were down a little, and there seemed to be constant comings and goings as people fulfilled their family duties. There also seemed to be fewer open top sports cars this month, probably due in large part to the weather, but our Mercedes owners came out in force to boost numbers and be the most highly represented marque. Their Stuttgart cousins were also present in substantial numbers with Boxsters, 944s and several different versions of the classic 911 on display.
There were a couple of neat Mini Deluxes and a Cooper S in the gathering this month. The classic BMC Mini, some of them now over 50 years old, is still very popular with people of a certain age – most remember owning one, or driving one, or having a friend with one and the various activities they got up to in it !! In relation to size – at the other end of the scale we had Des Dillon’s Aero-engined Hispano Suiza and John Fowler’s old Dodge truck on display. Both these dwarfed the otherwise larger sedans present like the Chrysler Saratoga, Falcon GTs and high performance Commodores. It’s always nice to see classic English cars from the 1940’s and 50’s, examples like the burgundy Riley, the XK120 and black Rover that turned up this month exude a subtle quality with their leather and burr-walnut interiors, contrasting sharply with the current range of sporting tourers.
Your editor apologises for the quality of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.763464
Retrieved Text: A pinhole camera uses a small hole to create an image. There is nothing between the image and the light sensitive material: no lenses, no electronics, no exposure meters, no multi coated auto buzzing flashing anything, just space and a bit of time, to allow light to do its thing and travel in a straight line.
People have been viewing the effects of a pinhole forming an image for thousands of years. Even now a crescent moon (or eclipse) can be viewed on the ground as the light passes through the gaps in a leaf canopy.
The earliest record was by Mo Ti in China and Aristotle, both around 400 BC, who projected the Sun through a small hole. Back then, the hole was the only device known for experimenting and understanding the properties of light.
The introduction of lenses within camera obscuras, combined with the discovery of light sensitive materials in the 19th century – in my home town of Bristol (UK) where Humphrey Davy and Thomas Wedgwood created shadows of leaves on parchment in 1803 – evolved into the cameras we use today. Lenses allowed far more light than a pinhole resulting in far shorter exposure times. Since the main object people wanted to photograph was themselves (some things never change!) the pinhole was relegated to a novelty for over 100 years until in the 1970s and 80s when people rediscovered the unique light gathering properties of a small hole.
Since the growth of digital photography there has been a significant resurgence in the interest of pinhole photography,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.597841
Retrieved Text: ISRAEL - JUST THE FACTS: When Jews Come Home! This Is What The Prophets Were Talking About!
When Jews Come Home! This Is What The Prophets Were Talking About!
One of the signs of the Geula (Messiah) is the gathering of Jews from all four corners of the Earth. We have seen Jews from Yemen and from Morocco and some from Germany, America and England, but the coming home of Ethiopian Jewry sends shivers down my spine.
I had the wonderful privilege of living with and helping Ethiopian Jews who came to Israel in 1991. Although I was not familiar with their customs, they are one of the most beautiful people I have ever met. They put their own lives at risk to keep Jewish tradition while they were in Ethiopia and have certainly been part of fulfilling the biblical prophecy of the gathering of Jews from the four corners of the earth back to Israel!
Nefesh B'nefesh, an organization whose goal is bringing Jews home and making the transition as easy as possible has helped 40,000 Jews find their way home in just over 12 years!
Watch this unbelievably emotional video that depicts what our prophets were talking about!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.470812
Retrieved Text: No matter how much money people spend on a camera there always seems to be a temptation to try and cut corners when it comes to tripods. I am not sure why this is the case but it's a regular occurrence when talking to people and it results in several problems.
With the advance of larger camera sensors, faster lenses and complex lighting systems, the role of the 1st AC (Assistant Camera) is more demanding than ever. Fortunately, the world of focus technology is developing new and innovative ways to step up and meet these demands head-on.
For any location production, organization and pre-planning is key. This mantra goes beyond thinking of shoots and equipment placement to actually how your equipment will get from point A to B.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.434015
Retrieved Text: The gathering is taking place in the Chattahoochee National Forest in northern Georgia.
From Interstate 75 south east of Chattanooga, Tennessee, take highway 76 east approximately 67 miles towards East Ellijay, Georgia. From East Ellijay, take Highway 52 east towards Dahlonega. About 28 miles from East Ellijay, turn north (left) on Nimblewill Road. Then turn right on Forest Service Road 28-1. Then turn left on Forest Service Road 83 (aka Bull Mountain Road). Continue about 1.5 miles to Welcome Home. Parking for buses is available.
Additional information on the water system used to purify water for this year is here. Clean water helps keep us all healthy! The water crew has a new PayPal account to help cover the costs associated with buying water line every year to replace the parts that can't be reused. The existing PayPal account is used primarily for the water filters and other expensive water filtering related parts that need replacement every year.
The water crew is asking all kitchens that want to be connected to the main water line to bring the following items. These items in total should not cost more than $50-$100. Please help get this word out to all kitchens. If each kitchen brings a little it helps us all.
1-3 rolls (usually 300-400') of NSF rated 3/4 inch black poly pipe.
The Rainbow Guide is also looking for donations to cover the costs of publishing the Guide. If you've ever traveled and looked up people in the Guide, you know what a great resource this is.
At Info on the 3rd at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.405912
Retrieved Text: A Sunset Between Us - when I am not in the studio, I am wandering with my Nikon camera. I am an observer of life, and find beauty in the most minute details. Over the years I have collected thousands of moments shared, digitally. The gathering of people of people in nature, and at events. I am fascinated especially with the gathering of silhouetted bodies against a bright sky. The forms they create as they gather, creating new beings. This was one of those moments shared on a BC Ferry boat bound for Vancouver Island, and this is my expression of the moment on canvas.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.330132
Retrieved Text: It’s Christmas time. The run-up was surprisingly pleasant. The swarm of students all wanting help suddenly dried up as report deadlines approached. They all diverted off to getting these written up and printed out in time for the end of the semester. No doubt they’ll make up for the lack of project work later, but that won’t be till next year – so I’ll enjoy the peace while I can.
That ‘strange urge’ to go down to Birmingham for a pre-Christmas YouTube Gathering got stronger and stronger until… Went down on the Sunday, Monday Gathering, and back up Tuesday. Each Gathering I’ve been to has had its own character and style, and each one has been great, and this was no exception. Thirty people there??? not sure on the exact numbers, but a good crowd, and I think everyone enjoyed themselves.
Thank you Eddplant for organising it.
Got to play with my new video camera there (early Christmas present) and the videos seem to have come out O.K. Got them up on YouTube by Wednesday.
This time next week and it will be the New Year!
Well, it’s happened. This sudden realisation by the students that this semester is almost over, reports need to be handed in and the January exams are now only a month away… and they have done bugger all on their projects! So yesterday I had this large swarm of creatures all after help and support, and of course, wanting it immediately. But I can only be in one place at a time; circuits take time to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.216908
Retrieved Text: I was at a gathering of my tribe recently, and since I am so photo-centric at this time, I made several offers to do impromptu photo sessions with a handful of people. They got photos to use as they wished, and I got the fun of exploring new subjects in new locations. Everybody wins.
A funny conversation led up to this particular session. This beautiful young woman wondered aloud to me that she was bemused by the positive attention she was getting at the gathering. Not men specifically, but from pretty much everyone. She ventured that there was nothing special about her.
My first response was to ask her if she owned a mirror.
But as I pondered the question - because it was sincere, not a coquettish play for compliments - I realized that in addition to being attractive at a physical level, she was also bright and vivacious, and instinctually friendly. I observed her willingness to participate in activities and tasks of service to the tribe, again always with a smile that was quick to appear. So to go with her looks she had a sunny charisma too.
I think I captured some of that in these photographs. She is no model, and was initially uncomfortable in front of the camera. We were in generally public space, and passers-by were free to stop and observe. One fellow who knew her lingered and chatted with her for a good 10 minutes. How fortuitous, as that went a long way in relaxing her.
By the time we were heading to the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.198654
Retrieved Text: Former Liverpool midfielder Jan Molby expects Rafael Benitez to remain in charge at Anfield despite fresh speculation surrounding the manager's future.
Several bookmakers on Wednesday stopped taking bets on markets involving a possible exit for the former Valencia boss, who joined Liverpool in 2004.
Molby was aware rumours had been spreading regarding how long Benitez will remain in charge and told Sky Sports News: "I'd be surprised if Rafa were to walk out on Liverpool. We do know for a while he's been unhappy about certain things, but I still think it would take a big man to walk out on Liverpool at such a crucial stage of the season."
The former Denmark international added: "Whereas some people are quite happy to back Rafael Benitez to be gone by the end of the week, I would rather take the odds on him being Liverpool manager next Monday.
"I heard the rumours myself on Tuesday night, and they have been gathering pace, everyone's talking about it."
However Molby will not take the talk of Benitez's possible departure too seriously for now.
He said: "I think the people who say it can't happen might just prove to be spot-on."

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.076384
Retrieved Text: A New York citizens group wanted to identify what issues would motivate people to become involved in addressing the problems of a low-income neighborhood. They decided to use an informal technique called a listening survey to discover what aroused the most emotional energy.
A group of residents agreed to conduct the survey for a small honorarium. In preparation they held several workshops where they talked about the common blocks to listening, how to eavesdrop in public places, how to get permission to insert yourself into a conversation, how to keep people talking without intruding, and how to deal with people who say something you dislike.
After the exercises they wrote down all the places where different people gathered, plus the names of people who everyone talked to, such as hairdressers and bartenders. Then they formed pairs and went out to the places listed to find people. To conduct the survey, one person encouraged people to talk, while the other acted as recorder. At the end of each week, everyone got together to evaluate the material collected and determine where the strongest feelings lay. Both residents and service providers were surveyed in this way. The results of both surveys were then made available to the whole community.
A close relative of the listening project is the story project. It can focus on gathering the history of an area or capturing the character of an area. Listening and story projects provide good excuses for bringing people together.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.022766
Retrieved Text: Making The Best Selection of the Best Spy Gear I is both a tough and risky endeavor to spy on a person, group of persons, employees or institutions. In fact, it requires skills and right gear. In case you have bought some spy gear and you are not sure of how to use them, you can check the YouTube videos explaining how to use them. Depending on manufacturer plans, there are different ways of concealing the spy devices. These spy gear can be purchased online f you want to get your piece. By simply checking the website of the manufacturer or retailer, you can view the different collections of the manufacturing gear. In additional to making your spy mission easier, it removes some degrees of risk. The good thing with the spy gear is that it makes spying just natural. You are relieved the need to be very cautious on how to set yourself for spying s this is what they take care off. The spy gear makes it easy for you to conceal the spy camera and spy listening devices. One of the gear used to conceal the spy camera and listening device is the spy writing pen. The pen has the camera or the listening device microchip that stores the information you need for evidence. If you are spying on your workers, just provide them with pens that have spy cameras and listening devices. The next gear option to conceal the camera and listening device is the glasses. With the glasses, you will be

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.993196
Retrieved Text: Blessings on your emergence in the Capital Region! I lived there for 8 years, before I took a strong interest in walking the Camino. I moved to Asheville, NC where there is a very active group. It made a difference (has has this forum).
Are any of you going to the APOC gathering in March in the AVL area? That would be a good way to find organizing tips. If any of you are going, look me up!
@intrepidtraveler and I started an APOC group in Southern Oregon last year. I think that our best recruiting tool has been holding events at REI. They have been very happy to host us, and the events are well publicized on the REI website. We also meet at other locations, but get the biggest turn out at REI.
See you there! I'm giving a presentation at the Gathering on photography tips while walking the Camino.
I'll look for you. And it looks like we will be on different Caminos together in May.
One of us, Fran Rossi Szpylczyn, will be at the APOC gathering.
I'll look for her, thank you.
That's one of the missions of American Pilgrims on the Camino: to gather pilgrims together! Looking forward to seeing Fran, Priscilla and any Forum "lurkers" who'll attend at the Gathering next month. For those who don't know what we're talking about, https://www.americanpilgrims.org/national-gatherings will let you know. There are still about 10 on-site registration places remaining. It's a great opportunity to keep the Camino Spirit alive, connect with other pilgrims, and exchange information.
Past - Frances from (September

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.95926
Retrieved Text: Last week I singled out a few games that spent too much time trying to make cutscenes and not enough time polishing their gameplay or making sure the movie and game parts fit together. Some people take this argument a little too far, arguing that cutscenes in games are a total waste and we should go back to the days of Doom when the story was in README.TXT.
But I'm okay with cutscenes and story in my video games. Cutscenes are great for establishing tone and texture. They give the world some shape and introduce us to the characters. They give you a sense of closure when the game ends, even if you're not done playing. Just like movies sometimes stop the action to explain the stakes or rules of the conflict to the audience, I think it's fine to have a lull in gameplay to make sure the player has a firm grasp on what they're doing and why.
Having said that, there are awful mistakes that game designers keep making that kind of ruin both the movie and the game they're trying to produce.
1. Don't stop gameplay if you don't have to.
If the characters need to do a bit of talking, consider letting the player move around during the conversation. If you just can't let them move, then at least let them control the camera. If the player's only input is to either skip the cutscene or watch passively, then you're failing at the whole "video game" thing. I'm not going to say you should never

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.92826
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Glenda Mitchell Law Firm posted in car accidents on Thursday, January 31, 2019.
Georgia drivers who are involved in accidents in which distracted driving is a factor may not always report the cause accurately. This is one of the challenges faced in gathering information about the relationship between distracted driving, including cellphone use, and motor vehicle accidents. Usually, attributing accidents to distracted driving involves either getting permission to examine drivers' phones or self-reporting from people involved in the accident.
Some research has shown that drivers using phones are 66 percent more likely to be involved in a fatal motor vehicle accident. Using this figure, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety estimates that more than 800 traffic fatalities in 2017 may have occurred because of drivers emailing, texting or using phones in other ways besides talking.
The IIHS conducted two observational surveys several years apart to determine how drivers are using their phones. Drivers in 2018 were 57 percent more likely to be texting, emailing or browsing online than in 2014, and they were less likely to be talking on their phones.
Using phones is not the only distracting activity drivers might engage in. A distraction could be anything that shifts a driver's attention from the road, including drinking a beverage or talking to passengers.
Car accidents caused by drivers who are distracted can lead to serious injuries for passengers, other drivers and pedestrians. A driver who causes an accident may be responsible for paying the medical expenses of the people injured. This could be critical for a person

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.885147
Retrieved Text: “Who’s Grace Askew,” I asked?
Ok. I spent the day working on vocals and guitar tracks at the studio, then to the Starlight Theatre for dinner. Speculation was that the whole thing was about the Reality TV show. After dinner, I went back to the studio to make rough mixes, and showed up at the High Sierra around 9:00, where Jeff Haislip was talking to a thin dark-haired woman at a table outside. No video cameras visible… good.
Video crews, TV shows, Movies – in Terlingua?
All the world’s a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances, And one man in his time plays many parts… last night, I played a drummer.
In the last month, we’ve had a Japanese TV crew shooting a car commercial, a Dutch travel show filming an episode for Euro-TV, a French crew doing something, and the “reality” show crew is still slithering about.
Last night, another video crew was in town to film a 30-second promotional video for the Texas Tourism board. At the same time, a local TV reporter was filming an interview with the local District Attorney.
Brewster County DA, Rod Ponton, explains for the camera how he managed to not get a conviction.
Voices From Both Sides 2015 – Fiesta Protesta.
For the third year in a row, neighbors from both sides of the Rio Grande River gathered in Lajitas, Texas to celebrate “Voices From Both Sides,” a peaceful protest against the closing of the border.
There’s a new community gathering place and music venue on Terlingua

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.862608
Retrieved Text: EVERGREEN -A new viral webcam at an Evergreen Sporting Goods store has proven to be more than just entertainment by informing the public of a serious issue.
You don’t have to look very hard to see exactly what problem we are talking about. It’s orange, it’s for hay, and the last place it should be is in the nest of two young Osprey.
Bailing Twine has become a serious issue for nesting birds of all kinds, but every year it kills adults and hatchling Osprey and it’s something that can be prevented.
A few weeks ago John and his Father BJ Lupton put their new Osprey roost and camera system online for the world to see and it wasn’t long after that viewers of the camera noticed the bailing twine which now hangs from the nest.
John and B.J. have been in contact with several experts including Project Osprey at the University of Montana and other wildlife organizations.
They tell us that the camera’s and the nest in their backyard have really illuminated the need for awareness about the bailing twine which can entangle the birds and eventually strangle them.
Lupton tells us that they have been told not to interfere with natural order of the nest to remove the twine, but wants people to know they can prevent this from being repeated elsewhere by making sure the twine ends up where it belongs: the trash.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.769695
Retrieved Text: Technology has ushered in new techniques of conducting investigations, nevertheless the basic principles still stay the exact same for private investigators and private detectives and that's to collect information from subject men and women without becoming detected as a private investigator or private detective. Concealing the accurate identity and nature of an interview or a information gathering process is important for each private investigator and private detective because the private investigator and private detective risking his or her life gathering information in such a manner. It is a known reality that culprits don't need to be investigated and when they find out whom the private investigator or private detective is they could try to physically harm them. This is the reason why private investigators and private detectives employ technologies as a way to gather data such as, information gathering devices concealed as normal every day equipment. Gathering images, videos and audios are really beneficial in an investigation that is why a camera can be a private investigators’ best friend, nevertheless when conducting surveillance it really is imperative that the camera must be concealed appropriately to be able to keep away from detection. Fortunately, because of the integration of technology a High Definition Camera capable of recording videos and nonetheless images with audio is now achievable.
The watch is designed as a divers’ watch and it really is integrated with the HD Camera capable of recording videos in AVI format using the video encoding of M-JPEG. The video resolution of the recorded videos are 1280*960 VGA using a

================



======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is sitting on a roof. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.

Ending 2: is ripping level tiles off.

Ending 3: is holding a rubik's cube.

Ending 4: starts pulling up roofing on a roof.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.317543
Retrieved Text: Residents in St Austell have spoken out after they were stopped from entering their homes because a man climbed onto the roof of their tower block.
The incident started at around 1pm at Park House, which sparked a massive emergency response with police officers, fire crews and paramedics. A police cordon was also put in place.
The man was seen shouting and throwing objects from the roof during the standoff which lasted for more than five hours. The incident prompted police to instruct residents to stay away from their homes whilst the situation was made safe.
Negotiators spent the whole time trying to bring the man off of the roof. He finally came down at about 6pm.
Some locals said the situation was "unfair" and were concerned for the children who would witness the incident after leaving school for the day.
The man was alternately shouting throughout the day and going quiet, although his exact words could not be heard from the bottom of the 67-flat block, which is managed by Ocean Housing.
The housing association said in a statement that it was concerned for the man and working with the police but would not confirm the status of its tenants.
The man, in his 30s, was also often seen walking right on the edge of the roof and sometimes sitting with his legs dangling down. He had been heard shouting about wanting to see a community psychiatric nurse but not being able to get an appointment.
As the dark approached, residents of Park House went and took shelter in a neighbouring pub.
Landlady of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.891403
Retrieved Text: Parents try to help us feel better. They give us medicine and water, and sometimes they sit with us and read to us.
Sometimes grown-ups get sick, too. Our story from the Holy Bible is about a man who was very sick.
We don’t know the man’s name, but he couldn’t walk. He had friends, though, and one day they carried the sick man to a house where Jesus was teaching. When they arrived, they found it so crowded that no one else could get inside. There were many people waiting outside hoping to see Jesus.
The man’s friends didn’t give up because they wanted Jesus to heal the sick man. They found a stairway leading up to the roof of the house and carried the man up to the roof.
Now, imagine you are with Jesus inside the house. Jesus is teaching and people are sitting on the floor, or in chairs. People outside are leaning in windows to get a glimpse of Jesus. All of a sudden, dust and pieces of dried mud began to fall from overhead. Jesus stops talking and looks up as a hole appears in the roof. You can see the sky and clouds. Some men are standing on the roof. They pick up a man and ease him through the hole in the roof.
You look at Jesus. What will he say? What will he do?
Jesus said, “… your sins are forgiven you” (v. 5). Jesus went on to say, “I tell you, arise, take up your mat, and go to your house” (v.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.802523
Retrieved Text: A man climbs on his roof to escape a flash flood. As he’s sitting there watching the waters rise all around him, a boat comes by. The operator asks if he wants a ride. The man on the roof turns him down, saying he’s considering his options. A while later, a helicopter descends from the sky and throws him a rope. The man waves to the pilot but sends the rope back up empty. He’s just not ready to commit. The waters continue to rise, and the man drowns still wondering what he should do.
Sometimes the help you need is right in front of your face. All you have to do is take it. It’s the same after a serious car accident. You have the help you need right in front of you. All you have to do is give us a call.
If you’ve been injured, give our Nashville car accident attorneys a call today for a free consultation. There’s no cost or obligation, and if we don’t get you money, you don’t owe us anything. There’s no excuse for not getting the help you need after an accident. Call us today.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.475828
Retrieved Text: A neighbor said he heard an explosion and came outside to find the homeowner sitting out front. He allegedly told the neighbor not to call police.
A Milton man allegedly set his house on fire and sat to watch it burn.
Robert Lecroy, 33, has been charged with one count of second-degree arson for the Aug. 25 blaze. The responding Santa Rosa County Sheriff’s Office deputy noted that when he arrived on scene in the 8100 block of Tacos Lane in Milton the home was completely engulfed in flame.
The responding firefighter told police that when he arrived, flames were coming up out of the roof, and he saw a man, later identified as Lecroy, sitting near the fence line of the home.
A neighbor allegedly told investigators he heard a loud explosion and saw flames coming from the house, but when he went outside, he said he saw Lecroy who told him not to call police.
Lecroy was booked into the Santa Rosa County Jail on Aug. 25 and remains in custody on a $15,000 bond.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.310635
Retrieved Text: A Sioux Falls man was arrested early Wednesday after police say he broke into a downtown apartment.
A Sioux Falls man was arrested early Wednesday after police say he broke into a downtown apartment and stole a beer.
Donald Hallor, 47, was charged with first-degree burglary, petty theft and intentional damage to property, police spokesman Sam Clemens said.
Officers were called to the 200 block of South Phillips Avenue at around 3:24 a.m. after a report came in of a burglary in progress. Witnesses saw a man breaking a glass door and entering a home.
Hallor allegedly broke the glass door with an object and his fist before entering an apartment, Clemens said. Officers found a partially consumed beer sitting on the counter and determined it had been taken out of the refrigerator.
When police arrived, witnesses said they saw Hallor on the roof of the building, Clemens said. He then allegedly jumped from one roof to another before passing out. Police arrested him there, Clemens said.
Hallor was intoxicated with a PBT of 0.144 at the time of his arrest, Clemens said.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.866415
Retrieved Text: When Jesus entered Capernaum again, after some days, it was reported that he was at home, and so many people gathered about him that there was no longer room for them, not even at the door. While Jesus was preaching to them, four men came, carrying a man who was paralyzed and could not move. As they could not get near to Jesus on account of the crowd, they tore up the roof over his head. When they had made a hole, they let down the bed on which the man who could not move was lying. Seeing their faith, Jesus said to him, "Son, your sins are forgiven." But some of the scribes sitting there said to themselves, "Why should this man say such a thing? He is blaspheming! Who can forgive sins except God alone?"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.286072
Retrieved Text: TWO police community support officers from Comet country have been presented with Royal Humane Society Awards.
Mark Crane from Stevenage and Rory Arnott from Hitchin were honoured for their acts of courage involving personal risk.
They were on foot patrol in Welwyn Garden City town centre last June when they saw a man sitting on the roof of the Howard Centre car park.
As Mark carefully approached, the man began to climb over the edge.
But he and Rory along with security guard Adrian Rutland managed to pull the man back onto the roof and restrain him.
The three of them received their awards at Plinston Hall in Letchworth GC last Thursday.
Police long service and good conduct awards for 22 years service went to Pc Denise Rayner who is with the Stevenage community team and Supt Adrian Walter who is based in Stevenage.
The police staff long service award for 20 years service went to Danielle Cox who lives in Stevenage and is based in Welwyn Garden City.
The presentation evening was hosted by Herts chief constable Frank Whiteley who said of those receiving awards: "They have all gone the extra mile for others and I am deeply grateful to them.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.282246
Retrieved Text: On June 17, a young, white male gunman opened fire inside a predominantly black Charleston church, killing at least nine people who gathered inside for a prayer group. The man identified as the shooter—21-year-old Dylann Storm Roof—was apprehended 14 hours later in North Carolina.
A Black Man with a long criminal record of drug possession with possible ties to terrorist organizations and/or street gangs killed 9 innocent people at a Church in Charleston. The 21-year-old was shot 114 times by Police while seated in the vehicle after he refused to show identification 14 hours later in North Carolina.
Well since he is not black we researched some facts about this Terrorist Murderous drug dealing white supremacist.
He was reportedly out on bond for the felony drug charge at the time of the shooting.
His license plate has three Confederate flags on it.
Seen posing in the woods wearing a jacket with flags from both apartheid-era South Africa and the former white supremacist state of Rhodesia.
He had a Message to the Blackmen at the Church.
Roof managed to elude capture for almost 14 hours following the shooting. He was finally apprehended around 11 a.m., 250 miles from Charleston.
Police initiated a traffic stop after a call about a suspicious vehicle.
Roof—who was armed—was taken into custody without major incident. Later he was seen wearing a bullet proof vest to protect him.
This entry was posted in Actual Facts, community, news, Racism. Bookmark the permalink.
The DC Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo was also arrested without incident and put in a bullet proof vest too. lol, shot 114 times,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.119516
Retrieved Text: IRA B. LISS BIG BAND JAZZ MACHINE/Tasty Tunes: You know you've got a winning big band date on your hands when your hand starts doing that pumping, count down thing automatically before you realize it. A long time big band fixture on the SoCal music scene, Liss has been at it so long I'm not sure if he can be called an heir to anybody anymore but he swings like he's his own man throughout. A most certain of a killer listening date, this is sitting down jazz that'll have you leaping out of your chair as he and his all star pals raise the roof beams high taking songs you know and making them sound like nothing you‘ve ever heard before.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.079718
Retrieved Text: Care to try your luck on a puzzle? See if you can put Gimli the Hamster back together again!
This guy was so pampered. He even had us peeling carrots so we could feed them to him while he was sitting in his hollowed out coconut home. Carlena would even sometimes offer up the water bottle so he didn’t have to move! When he was ready to move man did this guy burn the calories. He would run in his wheel for hours at a time. Although, sadly, I don’t think we have photos to prove it, this little guy would climb the bars of his cage, and go “hand over hand” along the roof until he got tired.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.029558
Retrieved Text: Dead End Run is a 2003 film directed by Japanese cult film director Sogo Ishii, notable for Ishii's trademark flashy visual style.
The first episode begins with an extended scene showing a man desperately running through an urban landscape, before coming to a dead end in a dark backstreet ally. When he hears approaching footsteps, he attacks his presumed pursuer with a metal bar. He is shocked to find that he has instead killed a young woman.
However, the woman comes back to life, and sings and dances with the man in the style of a musical film, telling him how they were fated to meet and how tragic it is that their love has to be so short. Once again she dies, and while the man grieves over her body, his pursuer appears and shoots him. The man's and woman's bodies lie next to each other on the tarmac.
The second episode also begins with a fleeing man who gets trapped in a dead end, where he becomes involved in a protracted Mexican stand-off with another man. The scene is intercut with a similar stand-off involving two different armed men in the same location. Both stand-offs end with the two protagonists laughing at their predicament and entering a friendly embrace, before trying to shoot the other man. All the men receive gunshot wounds and die, their bodies falling in positions similar to the couple in the first episode of the film.
The third episode starts with three police officers chasing a suspect. The suspect flees to the top of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.012575
Retrieved Text: Smiling Pretty Woman In a Blue Denim Dress Talks On The Phone In The Centre Of Busy Street.
Man is surprised. Man is being emotional looking at his smartphone. Man s facepalm. Man is putting his hand on his face.
Beautiful young woman smiling, using her smartphone at night. Lady in the street in cold weather. City lights, busy road at the background. Modern technology.
Handsome man happily walks, texts, uses his smartphone and goes away. Blurred city lights in the street. Modern technology.
happy smiling young beautiful woman in office clothes standing on the roof of high-rise building in the sunset looking at the camera, her long dark hair blowing wind. slow motion.
Wind Blows Long Dark Hair. Girl Standing On The Roof With His Head Down. .
Wind blows long dark hair. young beautiful girl standing on the roof at sunset with his head down. close up. Slow motion.
thoughtful young beautiful woman in office clothes standing on the roof of high-rise building in the sunset of her long dark hair blowing wind. slow motion.
The young man chooses subjects for barbecue or grill in a store standing in front of shelves. Young man preparing to rest.
Man Taking The Pot And Pouring Coffee In a Mug.
Hands of a man taking the pot and pouring coffee in a mug.
A View Of Coffee In a Coffee Pot Preparing On Fire.
A view of coffee in a coffee pot with a long handle preparing on fire.
Bride Is Sitting On a Chair And Drinking Coffee.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.869509
Retrieved Text: Levi I am Levi. I no longer collect taxes for the Romans. I’m poorer now, but happier with Jesus. We disciples have come with Him to the town of Capernaum by the Sea of Galilee. This is where Jesus stays most of the time now. He has healed many people here. They’ve heard He is back and are hurrying to the house. Oh, look! Four men are coming, carrying a paralytic on a mat.
Friend Look, so many have crowded around the door, there’s no room to enter. We can’t reach Jesus. Let’s climb up on the roof and make a hole above where Jesus is teaching.
They are climbing up on the roof! Now they are opening a hole in the roof. Look! They are lowering the mat with the paralytic lying on it. This act is an unspoken prayer of faith. It startles the people.
(Looking up, shielding your face from falling debris, shouting in anger) Why’s all that debris falling down on us? Hey you up there! You’re disturbing our meeting! Pull that guy back up and leave us alone!
Jesus is looking on the paralytic with compassion.
Son, your sins are forgiven.
This is infuriating our Jewish scribes who are sitting here watching with scholarly interest.
Scholar Why’s this man talking that way? Blasphemy! No man can forgive sins, only God.
Voice Why are you reasoning about these things in your hearts? Which is easier, to say to the paralytic, Your sins are forgiven’; or to say, ‘Get up, and pick up your mat and walk’?
Oh, any fool could simply

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.616158
Retrieved Text: Sometimes we all want to stay in bed and hide.
This is a story of a man confined to his bed, until his friends intervened.
And again He entered Capernaum after some days, and it was heard that He was in the house. 2 Immediately[a] many gathered together, so that there was no longer room to receive them, not even near the door. And He preached the word to them. 3 Then they came to Him, bringing a paralytic who was carried by four men. 4 And when they could not come near Him because of the crowd, they uncovered the roof where He was. So when they had broken through, they let down the bed on which the paralytic was lying.
Here’s my comments, in bold. It’s what I do.
3 Then they came to Him, bringing a paralytic who was carried by four men. There’s a paralyzed man who spent his days in bed. We don’t know from the text if this happened in adulthood, or if he spent his life like this, but we know that he was without hope. Four friends decided that today was his day, and they were beyond determined that he was going to be healed.
4 And when they could not come near Him because of the crowd, they uncovered the roof where He was. So when they had broken through, they let down the bed on which the paralytic was lying. These four men did not let circumstances stop them. They did not blame others. No one said, “The privileged people are

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.409115
Retrieved Text: The man and two others may have been practicing Parkour, an activity that involves jumping from roof to roof, according to police.
A 23-year-old man injured after falling from the roof of a three-story building in Cocoa Village was possibly practicing Parkour, a gymnastic-style activity that involves jumping and tumbling from rooftops, police reported.
The Rockledge man continues to recover after suffering a head injury in the fall late Saturday from the darkened rooftop, Cocoa police reported.
Cocoa Police spokeswoman Yvonne Martinez said reports of Parkour taking place in the area have come in over the years intermittently.
"I wouldn't say it's chronic," she said. "This is the first I've heard of it. And so the injury is bringing some new attention to it."
Officers responded to a call of a man falling from the roof around 10 p.m. Saturday. When they arrived at 100 Harrison St., a three-story building that houses Edward Jones Investment Agency, Thai Thai Sushi Bar and Studio 13 Tattoo at State Highway 515 in Cocoa Village, Christopher Hobgood was "face-down on the ground," police report.
Witnesses of the incident told police Hobgood and two other men may have been practicing Parkour prior to the fall, Martinez said.
"We've had similar complaints of this type of activity in the past," Martinez said. "As a result of this incident that happened Saturday with the injury, they're going to go ahead and re-engage and step up in that area, educate the business owners that it's happening and (for them) to do what they can do secure their property."
Allie Newell, owner of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.26545
Retrieved Text: Nobody suspected that quiet boy Dylann Roof was about to unleash hell.
It was Wednesday evening, 17 June 2015, and a bible-study group was gathering at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina.
The church’s congregation was known to be predominantly black, but tonight they were joined by a young, white man.
Just minutes after members of the congregation welcomed each other on the steps of the church with kisses and hugs, the man was filmed on CCTV walking calmly inside.
He was given a warm welcome, and invited to sit with everyone and take part in the prayers.
After sitting with the group for nearly an hour with his head hung low, Roof chose to strike, just as the group got ready for their final prayer.
He pulled out his Glock handgun and, before anyone had a chance to run, he opened fire. The peace in the church was shattered by the sound of round after round of bullets.
As his victims lay dying in pools of blood across the church floor, others dived for cover and hid under tables.
But Dylann Roof showed no mercy. He stalked the floor, pumping shot after shot through the tables at the terrified churchgoers underneath, determined to end as many innocent lives as possible.
As his victims lay dying, Roof stood insulting them.
Felicia Sanders survived the attack, and recalled lying on the floor with her terrified granddaughter.
‘Play dead, play dead,’ she told her.
The pair miraculously managed to get out alive – but nine others weren’t so lucky, including Felicia’s son Tywanza Sanders, 26, and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.187256
Retrieved Text: Rusty Buchan's - Page 11 - Rat Rods Rule / Undead Sleds - Hot Rods, Rat Rods, Beaters & Bikes... since 2007!
I plan on closing the roof in... We dont have that much nice weather here in newfoundland. We mostly get fog and mist rain. I did save the front roof section off the hearse but its smooth, Its hard to find a roof section thats short and has beads and a nice crown to it.
A big project with that body but it will make a killer rod.
thanks man i cant wait.
that looks really cool,car looks fast sitting still,lol,where are you from in newfoundland,i was born in st. johns,my dad was stationed there in the airforce when he met my mom,just curious.
So time to revive... I kind of lost interest in the project after I realized, I can’t really fit in it being 6’2” .... doh design flaw. Cool on paper. So it sat for a bit and life got in the way. Until I figured if I put the z out side the body I could gain more leg room. But I didn’t want to see the rear end. So I had to come up with a plan. I didn’t want another truck .

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.074373
Retrieved Text: Home Page >> Lawyer Interviews >> Texas Lawyer Inspects Peanut Corporation..
Simon went into the plants with a video crew and photographer and did a thorough inspection of both plants. "We found rat and rodent infestations and insects, including roaches," he says. "We found standing water next to and under finished products that were awaiting shipment. Leaks from the roof were leaking right on the production room floor, directly where the peanut products were sitting."
He says that at the Blakely plant, there were huge entry ports on the roof and the vents that a grown man could crawl through."The air ducts and vents are supposed to have grates over them but several of them did not have grates at all while others had grates that had corroded away," says Simon.
There were no employees in the plant—these plants were shut down at the beginning of this year. Simon and his crew were able to view the site with permission from PCA's bankruptcy trustee for use as evidence in his lawsuit. "This is the company's failure for creating an unsafe environment," says Simon. " It is management failure for not fixing it and it will be our failure if we don't hold them accountable and make sure it never happens again."
Ron Simon represents over 100 people affected by this outbreak including two families who have lost their loved ones.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.829823
Retrieved Text: Mark 1:40-45 - Introduction Preliminary Concern: Why bother with Bible study?
40 A man with leprosy came and knelt in front of Jesus, begging to be healed. "If you are willing, you can heal me and make me clean," he said.
41 Moved with compassion,﻿﻿ Jesus reached out and touched him. "I am willing," he said. "Be healed!" 42 Instantly the leprosy disappeared, and the man was healed. 43 Then Jesus sent him on his way with a stern warning: 44 "Don't tell anyone about this. Instead, go to the priest and let him examine you. Take along the offering required in the law of Moses for those who have been healed of leprosy.﻿﻿ This will be a public testimony that you have been cleansed."
Jesus risks personal defilement in order to bring healing to a social outcast.
??? As seen both in this incident and throughout his entire ministry, "[t]he sorrows of the people are [Jesus'] own sorrows. He dearly and intensely loves the burdened ones, and is eager to help them."134 What classes of people does our contemporary society consider untouchable? What can Jesus' example teach us about reaching out to them?
1 When Jesus returned to Capernaum several days later, the news spread quickly that he was back home. 2 Soon the house where he was staying was so packed with visitors that there was no more room, even outside the door. While he was preaching God's word to them, 3 four men arrived carrying a paralyzed man on a mat. 4 They couldn't bring him to Jesus

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.578894
Retrieved Text: Ian Dalgliesh | all galleries >> Galleries >> Lest we forget > West Mersea,The "Two sugars" cafe.
West Mersea,The "Two sugars" cafe.
Formerly,a WW2 heavy gun emplacement.Just to the left of the lamppost,central to the roof of the building,can be seen the spigot upon which the gun assembly would have sat.It never fired a shot in anger.On the only occasion the gun was actually fired,just to prove it was real,the whole village turned out to witness it.
In 2008 whilst sitting outside of Harlech Castle,in Snowdonia,I chatted to a man from West Mersea.I said,"Ah! yes,I know it well".He said,"Of course you do!",so I asked him when he visited the shore,did he buy his ices and coffees from the single or the double sugar lumps?"He quickly apologised,saying "You do know it,then!".

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.538912
Retrieved Text: Philando Castile died at Hennepin County Medical Center Wednesday night after being shot by police in Falcon Heights, MN. The 32-year-old St. Paul schools employee was riding in a car with his girlfriend and a child when the three were pulled over for a traffic stop. In a Facebook live-stream taken shortly after the incident, Lavish Reynolds says, "he's licensed to carry, he was trying to get out his ID out his wallet pocket. He let the officer know he had a firearm and he was reaching for his wallet and the officer just shot him in his arm." Castile later died at the hospital. Video in the aftermath of the incident was captured by a witness and posted to Twitter. The names of the officer and his backup have not been released. One officer is on paid administrative leave. St. Anthony police do not have body cameras, according to the department's office manager. Castile's family spoke with CNN on Thursday. "He's not an officer," said Clarence Castile, the victim's uncle. "He's just a man. An officer is supposed to protect and serve. That was a man who did that. That man is a destroyer and he came into our lives and done something and took something from us."
About 200 protestors gathered outside of the Governor's home Thursday morning calling for justice.
The public took to Twitter demanding answers.
Dylan Roof is sitting pretty and even having lawyers DEFEND his actions.#PhilandoCastille followed the "rules" and is dead.
I hope the NRA and my fellow 2nd Amendment defenders come to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.382792
Retrieved Text: Enter on Food Bank Logo. Outside shot of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank: "The Greater Cleveland Food Bank's facility opened for operation in 2005." Food Bank warehouse with tow motor moving boxes of food: "For the first time since our founding in 1979, the Food Bank's entire operation was housed under one roof." Image of map of Food Bank service area: "The Food Bank serves six counties in Northeast Ohio: Cuyahoga, Lake, Geauga, Ashtabula, Ashland, and Richland." Video of man reaching out of car window and receiving bag of food. He is smiling: "Our mission is to ensure that everyone in our communities has the nutritious food they need every day." Child eats his cereal and plays with a spoon: "Last year, the Greater Cleveland Food Bank made 57 million meals possible." Image of two young boys sitting, one eating an orange, another smiling with food at his place. Image of a mother and her daughter sitting at a table and smiling. Image of a woman in a pantry holding her turkey and smiling. Image of a couple standing in front of a yellow wall. video of a teacher handing bagged lunches to students in a line. Text, Learn more at www.GreaterClevelandFoodBank.org, CFC 86265: "Learn more about the Food Bank and our programs on our website, www.GreaterClevelandFoodBank.org." CFC Logo.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.373304
Retrieved Text: Description: A tour of Fiji and Samoa, The Cannibal Isles, in 1933. Map showing location of Samoa and Fiji Islands. Fiji village with thatched roof huts among palm trees. Men sitting cross legged in group on ground on straw mat bare chested with afro hairdos and wearing flower necklaces doing traditional Meki dance ceremony with their arms, clapping and beating log drums Men with afro hairdos doing fierce ceremonal dance in grass skirts with spears, large frond shaped shields, and flower necklaces. Pan across faces of young girls. Fijian policeman marches with rifle with bayonet over shoulder. Stands at attention in front of guard house and puts rifle on shoulder. CU man with rifle. Fijian military band in uniforms marches by playing traditional western instruments trombone, tuba, trumpet, drum, french horn. CU man playing clarinet LS large tropical colonial house where Robert Louis Stevenson spent final years and died. PAN across front of house with porte cochere and flagpole and shingled roof. Two bare chested Fijian men sit on memorial grave stone of Stevenson. CU inscription on tomb Samoan village with round thatched houses. Samoan men walk towards camera. Man sits next to wall of house. Young bare chested boy holds small pig. Man sitting on ground with tatoos on back and legs. LS through pillars of two rows of women sitting cross legged on ground doing Siva dance ceremony. PAN down dancers clapping and waving arms wearing flower wreaths and elaborate headdresses. CU princess daughter of the high chief. CU of high chief Malietoa Tanumafilli

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.367748
Retrieved Text: CHANDIGARH: A 24-year-old man died after falling from the second floor of a house in Hallomajra village on Wednesday when police reached there to check gambling Police said they had got information that some people were gambling in the house and Rohit Kumar fell from the roof in a bid to escape. Relatives filed a complaint against constables Ajay and Manjit and demanded murder FIR.Jyoti Kumar said Rohit was not playing, but only watching the game. Rohit, a native of Bihar, worked in a private company at Jammu and Kashmir and had come to the house of his uncle, Sikander, in Hallomajra to celebrate Diwali. He was sitting at a neighbour’s house, number 256, where others were playing cards around 2pm. People dialled 100 and rushed him to GMCH-32 in a private vehicle.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.339943
Retrieved Text: ABILENE, Texas - A West Texas sheriff's deputy has been fired after video showed him driving down a Texas highway with an inmate sitting on the roof.
The deputy had been transporting 31-year-old Martin Gregory Estrada when the man broke a patrol car window and climbed onto the vehicle's roof. The deputy summoned help and didn't stop until backup arrived.
A Taylor County Sheriff's Office spokesman says the deputy was terminated for violating office policies on inmate safety and security.
Officials say Estrada was being taken about 150 miles (241 kilometers) from a hospital facility in Wichita Falls to Abilene. Investigators say Estrada slipped out of his handcuffs at one point, shattered a back window in the patrol car and climbed on the roof.
Video of the July 18 incident was recorded by a motorist following the patrol car.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.323442
Retrieved Text: Posted in Outward on November 3, 2010 at 8:04 pm.
“You and what army?” Luke Aaronson crossed his arms and planted his feet in the doorway to the anechoic chamber.
Luke tried spreading his feet a little farther apart. He knew he wouldn’t be able to stop the two burly movers standing impatiently behind his coworker. Not so much because of being outnumbered three to one, or the difference in muscle mass — or really, just mass in general — between them. No, it was mostly because the door was far too wide to be blocked by one person. The movers could just walk around him if they really wanted to. He knew he wasn’t going to win.
Still, it was the principle of the thing.
“Twenty years, plus or minus,” Todd answered.
Luke hung his head. “Geemler,” he replied quietly.
Luke sighed. “All right. Fine.” He stepped out of the way.
The two movers entered the anechoic chamber. Inside there were two rolling carts. One carried a stack of computers and black boxes with wiring running out the front and back sides. On the other was a gray cube, tethered to the other equipment via several cables. It was clearly a research prototype, as marketing hadn’t been allowed to slap any sleek lines or corporate logos on it. Its only distinguishing feature was the odd texture it had, the way the light from the overhead lamps struck it and got confused which way it was supposed to reflect.
Luke and Todd had had a lot of practice figuring out how to confuse light

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.286055
Retrieved Text: A room in this 78-year-old resort hotel is haunted by the ghost of Michael, an Irish stonemason who worked on the hotel in 1885. The man fell from the roof and died in the second floor area which became Room 218. Now he plays tricks with the lights and TV, or pounds loudly from inside the thick walls in the room. But there are other spirits here. The ghost of a nurse dressed in white has been reported on the third floor. Another ghost here is a gentleman in Victorian clothing who haunts the lobby. He has been spotted at the bottom of the stairway and sitting at the lobby bar. Other apparitions have been sighted in Room 202 and Room 424. Built in the early 1800s, the resort hotel was used as a college in the 1920s and became a somewhat controversial hospital/health resort in the late 1930s. The confused ghost of Doctor Baker, the charlatan who ran the hospital in the 1930s, has been seen in the old Recreation Room and at the foot of the first floor stairway.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.224438
Retrieved Text: Went to see Woody Allen’s ‘Midnight In Paris’ the other day. It was an afternoon showing. Snuck into the cinema after the lights had gone down with a very large sandwich I’d just purchased. Was very hungry after a busy morning and realised I’d have to unwrap the sandwich real fast before the film started. The noise of the sandwich being unwrapped seemed to fill the entire cinema. Suspected that some of my fellow cinema goers wondered whether I was going to be the person with big packet of sweets in plastic bag. The plastic bag that sounded like thick rain on a tin roof every time she dipped her hand into it. Munched on my sandwich determinedly. Thankfully chomping did not make much noise and there was no-one sitting near me. I’d had the sort of dutiful somewhat complex week, with flurries of bureaucracy, that just makes you glad you are sitting down. Sitting down in a cinema. I haven’t been to a film on the big screen for quite a while. Sort of slumped there gratefully. And then the film started and I was transported to Paris. It was a fabulous, evocative film. Very much understood the main character’s sense of nostalgia for another era. Loved the humour and light touches. Fantastic acting. One of Woody Allen’s best. Didn’t even mind that I hadn’t bought a packet of Murray Mints beforehand. I savoured every moment of that film. And was very grateful I’d had a chance to eat my sandwich before it started.
Have only

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.184935
Retrieved Text: It was a warm spring day. It was sunny, but a storm was coming. The sky turned dark gray. Then a black funnel descended from the sky. The black funnel touched the ground. It was a tornado. A tornado is strong. A tornado picks up cars and trucks. They fly through the air like pieces of paper. The tornado siren blasted. It warned everyone in town to take cover. Everyone gathered their kids and pets. They went downstairs into their basements. A tornado can destroy a house, but the basement is safe. Sometimes a tornado hits a town without warning. A year ago, a man was sitting in his bathtub. He was enjoying his bath. He heard a loud sound. He thought a train was crashing into his house. But he did not live near the railroad tracks. It wasn’t a train. A tornado struck his house without warning. The tornado destroyed the man’s whole house. Suddenly he was taking his bath outside. The roof and walls of his house were gone. His wife came home. At first she cried because her house was gone. Then she laughed. Her husband looked so funny sitting in the tub. He couldn’t leave the tub because he had no clothes. He didn’t want his neighbors to see him without clothes. His wife had a towel in the trunk of her car. She gave him a towel, and he climbed out of the tub. They were both happy that he was alive.
Thanks , I've just been looking for information approximately

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.86017
Retrieved Text: Officers attended the incident at Norfolk Close.
A man was involved in a five-and-a-half hour stand off with police after climbing onto the roof of a house.
Officers spotted the man suspected of being wanted on recall to prison inside a house on Norfolk Close in Clayton-le-Moors after attending on an unrelated incident.
When they tried to arrest him he fled onto the roof.
Negotiators were called to the scene just after 6pm on Wednesday, February 26 to try to talk him down.
DS Jennifer Lennon, of Lancashire Police, said the man threw tiles at officers before eventually coming down from the roof at around 11.30pm.
She said: “They had gone to the address and were made aware of the man wanted for a recall and other outstanding offences.
A 26-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage and robbery. He is currently being held in custody.

================



======= Instance Index 1679 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: People are swimming in the water. two women... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are sitting at a desk.

Ending 2: are standing on top of a diving board together.

Ending 3: are in the boat.

Ending 4: are standing on the beach watching.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.370863
Retrieved Text: The modern Olympic Games started in 1896. Swimming and other aquatic events are part of the Summer Olympic Games, and the first Summer Olympic Games were held in 1904. There are four aquatic events: swimming, diving, water polo and synchronized swimming.
Swimming has been a part of the Olympics since 1896. Freestyle and breaststroke were the first events. 1904 saw the introduction of backstroke events, and butterfly became part of the games in 1956.
Women could finally compete in the games starting in 1912. The swimming events are the same except one: women swim an 800m freestyle race while the men swim a 1500m freestyle race. The other Olympic swimming events are: 100m backstroke, 100m breaststroke, 100m butterfly, 100m freestyle, 200m backstroke, 200m breaststroke, 200m butterfly, 200m freestyle, 200m individual medley, 400m freestyle, 400m individual medley, 4x100m freestyle relay, 4x100m medley relay, 4x200m freestyle relay, 50m freestyle, and a 10km marathon.
Diving became an Olympic event in the 1904 games. The diving events have not changed much since 1928; men and women compete in 3-meter springboard and 10-meter platform events. The 2000 Sydney Games saw the introduction of synchronized diving competitions. The synchronized diving events have two divers performing the same dive at the same time. There are two synchronized diving competitions: the 3-meter springboard and 10-meter platform.
Water polo is played by two teams of seven, six field players and one goalie, and can be described as aquatic handball. Players swim and tread water in order to score goals for their teams. To score a goal, players avoid defenders

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.182514
Retrieved Text: It’s 1.15am and pitch black, apart from the flashing lights attached to my swimming cossy and hat. The gate to the back of the fishing boat is opened and I sit down, dangling my feet above the ‘tropical’ 16 degree Celsius English Channel, about to jump in for my third hour of swimming. I am so excited… our four women relay team is less than two hours from landing in France!
Swimming is a life skill that is fundamental to being able to take to the water safely, whatever activity we choose; but it’s also a gateway to adventure, well-being and exploration in its own right.
From artist Vivienne Rickman Poole, who is documenting her journey to swim in all 250 lakes of Snowdonia (whatever the weather) and Sam Mould ’s exploration of the tarns in the Lake District, to swimmer- writers inspired by the water like Caitlin Davies, Jenny Landreth, Tanya Shadrick, Outdoor swimming is an activity in which women excel, empowering people’s lives both in and out of the water.
Not just a catalyst for creativity, outdoor swimming is a channel for international diplomacy, social justice and and positive change.
It’s fair to say, women are dominating the world of endurance swimming at the moment. Chloe McCardel’s three way Channel Crossing and four way channel attempt is part of wave of women, like WAexpo speaker Beth French, redefining the parameters of what’s possible. The diversity of their swim adventures is also breath taking. For example, Jaimie Monahan’s recent swims include an Ice Zero Swim in Tyumen Russia, through

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.163223
Retrieved Text: Most people associate electrocution with workplace accidents, in which a powerful jolt of electricity from machinery or powerful equipment injures or kills a worker. While nine percent of workplace injuries are indeed caused by electric shocks, electrocution can be caused by a variety of things, including consumer products. According to the Consumer Product Safety Commission, there are 70 deaths every year due to electric shocks from consumer products.
Electrocution can also happen in large bodies of water, such as swimming pools and lakes. The tragic deaths of three young women in two separate incidents has drawn important attention to the risk of “electric shock drowning.” The families of the victims involved in these horrific accidents are trying to spread awareness to help keep others safe.
According to news reports, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) states that electric shock drownings are difficult to track because they are a “silent killer.” Electric shock drowning is caused by a low level of electric current running through a body of water.
The non-profit Electric Shock Drowning Association states, “There is no visible warning or way to tell if water surrounding boat, marina or dock is energized or within seconds will become energized with fatal levels of electricity.” Experts also say that electric shock drowning is more common in freshwater, where electricity can “shortcut” through the human body.
In one case, a 15-year-old girl drowned after being electrocuted when a metal ladder touched water around a dock where a light switch was half full of water. The electrical current ran from the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.440966
Retrieved Text: View of a beach lined with palm trees and buildings. Men and women walk along sidewalks or admire the view from decks. Mountains in the background.
A woman and two men sitting on a beach lined with palm trees with a large structure in the background.
A man on a rocky shore at the edge of the water, his back to the camera and partially bent over perhaps picking up a rock. There are many boats on the water and a pier in the middle distance with men and women walking along it.
A large ship with many smaller boats near it in the water. In the foreground, are for or five people swimming.
A dock and a floating pier in the ocean, boats in the water beyond and bathers and people relaxing on the dock in the foreground.
View of a man walking on a dirt path under a steel bridge. On the right side of the frame is a city or town.
A collection of small wooden houses and shacks connected by dirt trails. In the middle distance is a horse and carriage and larger structures visible in the background.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.238377
Retrieved Text: Swimming is a competitive sport over various distances from 50m to 1,500m, using specific styles including freestyle, backstroke, breaststroke and butterfly. Competitive swimming events begin with heats then go on to semi-finals and finals. In the 50m, 100m and 200m events, 16 swimmers qualify through the heats, 8 of which will go to the finals after competing in the two semi-finals. For longer distances and relays, 8 swimmers qualify through the heats and then compete directly in the finals.
Diving is the sport where competitors perform acrobatics while jumping from a platform into the water. Diving as a sport comprises springboard diving (1m, 3m), platform diving (10m), synchronised springboard (3m), and synchronised platform (10m). While diving into the water, divers perform a set of established requirements including somersaults and twists. In individual diving and synchronised diving competitions, men perform six dives while women perform five dives. The team diving competition involves one female and one male diver from the same federation.
High diving is the sport of diving into the water from 20m (women) or 27m (men) platforms. Divers perform from man-made diving platforms.
Artistic swimming is a combination of swimming, ballet, and music. It is also called water ballet. It features solo, duet, team and combination events according to the number of swimmers involved. It is also divided into figures and routines. The most successful nations in artistic swimming are Russia, USA, Japan, Canada, Spain and China.
Water polo is a team water sport involving a ball. Two teams, each consisting of seven players (one goalkeeper and six field

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.984974
Retrieved Text: Actually more to the point, I thought about Victorian women swimming. We all know they did it, even Judi Dench does the doggy paddle as Queen Victoria in the film Mrs Brown, but actually finding images of women in water turned out to be more problematic than I expected. After all, why wouldn't a painter want to show a lady in her wet scanty costume...?
Okay, so Henry Tuke had his own reasons for concentrating on the beauty of the male form and produced some gorgeous images of swimming that are so bright and airy, you feel the summer breeze on your skin and can smell the salt in the air. The Bathers above is a good case in point, as is Ruby, Gold and Malachite, both of which show young chaps having a lark near water, all without costumes (although Tuke was always careful about how much you saw).
If you have a look, there are images of women swimming but more often than not the women are stark naked. Whilst I can just about believe that men shed their clothes to leap willy-nilly into any body of water (if you excuse the phrase), I find it a little harder to believe women easily shed the many layers of clothing just to do likewise. A corset is not something you quickly pop in and out of. Well, not intentionally anyway.
Dating from around the 1920s, Spray is possibly the most popular image at the Russell-Cotes Art Gallery, more so than even Venus Verticordia (which seems like blasphemy, but

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.789585
Retrieved Text: Great item showing young people having fun in swimming pool circa 1919. Chiswick, London.
The warm spell - both sexes flock to the Chiswick open air baths where mixed bathing is much enjoyed.
Various shots lots of people having fun at the open air baths in Chiswick. MS's people in water; sitting on shoulders of their friends trying to knock each other off - 2 women versus 2 men. They struggle and the woman falls in. Good CU 2 women sat together on side, arms linked; wearing long bathing suits with puffy swim caps. MS people on grass in park playing a unisex game of leapfrog - in unisex swimsuits! Men and women joke around; girl pushes back man's hair; he makes silly faces. He grabs her waist.
MS as a couple dances together. MS girl & boy back to back with arms linked; try to lift one another on their backs - this goes on a while - woman does better. CU people sitting by side of pool; boy is combing girl's long hair. CU as he lights her cigarette. She smokes it; he smokes pipe.
CU 2 girls in water; they look up at side of pool; they laugh and swim away. MS pool and little building with benches and tower, there are many young people. CU 2 women. People in pool climb on shoulders.
Outside pool; short shot; people climbing on each other; then shot of leapfrog again. CU woman standing by pole; smiling. At pool side; 2 boys pick up a woman; swing her and toss her

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.66348
Retrieved Text: Whole body conditioning: Swimming tones your upper and lower body because you’re using almost all of your major muscle groups. The best strokes for all-over body toning are the freestyle, breaststroke and backstroke.
Low risk of injury: There is a low risk for swimming injuries because there’s no stress on your bones, joints or connective tissues due to buoyancy and the fact that you weigh 1/10th less in water. If you’re looking for a safe daily workout routine, swimming is ideal because you can rigorously work out with a reduced chance of swimming injuries. Many athletes supplement their training with swimming.
Low-impact exercise: So many people can reap the benefits of swimming. Pregnant women benefit from swimming because it helps strengthen the shoulder and abdominal muscles, which can be strained when carrying a baby. The elderly, women who have had a mastectomy and those recovering from an injury often turn to swimming or water aerobic exercises because it’s low impact, helps relax stiff muscles and isn’t weight-bearing. Swimming also increases circulation.
Improve blood pressure: Studies have shown that a workout routine that includes swimming can help reduce and possibly prevent high blood pressure, which lowers your risk for heart disease and stroke.
Stress reduction: You don’t have to be a water sign in the zodiac to feel the meditative and healing properties of water. Swimming is extremely relaxing because it allows more oxygen to flow to your muscles and forces you to regulate your breathing. It’s also a great way to relieve stress. Our bodies are made up of about

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.52522
Retrieved Text: When swimming, the decision to wear or not to wear a swimming cap is a popular dilemma that most women grapple with. If you are grappling with a similar challenge, wearing a swimming cap will benefit you in several ways. A well-fitting model, for instance, will keep your hair dry in the water and protect it from harsh chemicals such as chlorine and fluorine commonly found in water. Because of their streamlined designs, they also improve the efficiency of wearers in water, which translates to greater speeds and better performance during both domestic and international events.
This, however, does not mean that any poorly designed cap that you pick in an upmarket store in your locality will serve you well. Buy one of the 10 swimming caps for women reviewed on this list for the best experience. They are comfortable, made of durable and waterproof materials that stretch to fit various head shapes and sizes, and retail cheap in stores.
Designed for female swimmers with long hair, Fastarooz is a premium women’s cap with a striking blue theme that most women appreciate. Although cheap, this swimming cap is stylish and made of a soft silicone material that lasts longer that latex and Lycra. The material is also irritants-free, has well-finished and comfortable seams, and has a form-fitting non-slip design that will not interrupt your swimming sessions at home or a commercial gym. Many women also appreciate its easy to wear and remove design that does not snug hair whilst in use, its affordability, and its streamlined design that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.510557
Retrieved Text: The pace set by the Kenyans was relentless. The thin air of Mexico was punishing. Favorite Jim Ryun, weakened by a bout with mononucleosis, was whipped by 3 seconds, as Kip Keino dashed to a gold-medal finish in the 1,500 meters at the Mexico City Olympics.
Thirteen seconds after Keino crossed the finish line, Josef Odlozil of Czechoslovakia, finished in twelfth place. It was a poor finish compared to his silver medal at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, but in the end, Odlozil won the bigger prize.
At the end of the 1968 Olympics, Odlozil married compatriot, and one of the darlings of the Mexico City Games, Vera Caslasvska. The Czech gymnast who won three gold medals in Tokyo, did even better in Mexico City with four more golds. Thousands of people came out to the Mexico City Cathedral to wish the Olympic couple well.
Their marriage was to last not quite 20 years, ending in divorce in 1987. Those 20 years must have been filled with mini dramas, as Odlozil apparently worked for the Czech Army, while Caslavska struggled to establish a productive career after returning from Mexico City. She had supported anti-government movements, and protested against the Soviet invasion after the so-called Prague Spring. Caslavska was not allowed to leave the country or get coaching work.
Odlozil and Caslavska had two children, a boy named Martin and girl named Radka. It appears that relations between father and son were poor, possibly leading to a tragic conclusion.
On August 7, 1993, Odlozil was in a placed called “U Cimbury”, described as

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.467312
Retrieved Text: 1. A desire to work with young people in a relaxed setting where each person’s achievement is encouraged and not dictated.
2. Current American Red Cross Water Safety Instructor certification or the equivalent issued by the YMCA.
3. The ability to teach American Red Cross swimming lessons levels 2 through 5 in a patient and interesting fashion for a total of two hours each day.
4. A thorough working knowledge of safety on and around the water as well as a watchful eye for tired or chilled campers.
5. Ideally, women applying for this position will also have lifeguarding credentials.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.466913
Retrieved Text: Christina Fonfé was presented with the British Empire Medal in recognition of her work with the Sri Lanka Women’s Swimming Project (WSP) by the British High Commissioner in Sri Lanka, James Dauris.
WSP is a community drowning reduction program that teaches underprivileged women and teenage girls how to swim, as a basic survival skill and aims to empower them to teach their own children to make them safe near water. The Project specifically addresses the cultural barriers which prevent the majority of Asian women and girls from learning to swim.
In 2005, Mrs. Fonfé began the Project on the premises of a dilapidated coconut plantation pool in Weligama. Initially she trained one thousand women to swim and trained six women as qualified teachers. She then travelled along the Southern Coast between Weligama and Galle, teaching women from the villages to swim. Her efforts were assisted by the British High Commission in 2012 with the donation of a 12-metre portable fabric pool providing the Project more flexibility. In the 11 years since the beginning of the project the Sri Lanka Women’s Swimming Project has trained over 5000 women and girls in basic water survival skills as well as CPR.
Mrs. Fonfé worked as a swimming instructor in Marlow, England before moving to Sri Lanka.
She was commended for the service she gives to the community, at a ceremony hosted by the British High Commissioner.
“As many as three people drown every day on Sri Lanka’s beaches, lakes and rivers. Christina has been working to reduce these numbers through her tireless efforts in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.45755
Retrieved Text: Extractions: University Of Iowa Synchronized Swimming Club Homepage For those of you who really got into the 1996 Olympic Synchronized Swimming Team,check out our club right here at the University of Iowa, UISSC. The Past, Present and Future The Club Is this team for you? Take this test and see. Schedule of Events and Updates Practice times Competition Results Thank Yous For More Information.... University of Iowa Synchronized Swimming Club Meet the Team Top Row (L to R): Betsy Hunt, Molly Chenoweth, Lisa Schmidt, Katie Wandell, Lisa Schwartz Middle Row: Michaela Larson, Kristine Kernc, Lisa Rose, Lindsey Pyle Front Row: Katie Fisher, Ann Bender, and Lisa Johnson Missing from the picture are Julie Stringer, Meghan Mandsager, and Lindsay Kaufmann Individual Pictures and Biographical Data MEET THE 1998-1999 UISSC team. We have 14 members and a new student coach. And twelve athletes will compete this year. Betsy Hunt is a sophomore from Fairfield, IA. She is presently majoring in Italian and minoring in Spanish. She joined the team to meet people, get some excercise, and because she was on her high school swim team. This is her first experience with synchro. Ann Bender is a freshman, nursing major from Des Moines Dowling High School. She has been involved in synchro for nine years. In fact, she is Meghan Mandsager's high school duet partner.
Includes Oregon club list and contacts, meet results, competition schedule, news, photos, and related links.
Based at the University of Toronto and other locations in central Toronto. Offers a full range of competitive teams and recreational

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.37746
Retrieved Text: Swimming is more than just a recreational sport. It is a sport people like to watch. Cheering for an athlete who is an underdog and seeing them win is as good as the Spin Palace no deposit bonus – you would not expect such a good outcome! Here are some of the most followed and eagerly awaited swimming events of 2019.
January is the month when some of the preliminaries for the men and women take place. While this is not a race, it is still an international tournament. So far, Group A’s Russia is in the lead with 14 points, with Spain following with 10 points. Greece only ended up with 6 points, whereas Israel has no points so far.
As far as Group B is concerned, Italy is leading with 12 points, followed closely by Hungary with 9 Points. Things are not looking good for Netherlands and France, as they’ve ended up with 3 points and zero points, respectively. There is still a lot of time since the qualifications will last until March. It is only then that we will be able to tell for certain who will come out on top. So, put your lucky swimming cap on, and for your favorite team to win!
February will feature two racing events in Argentina. In July the racers will go head-to-head in Canada, followed by swimming in Lake Ohrid, Macedonia in August. Another race in August will be held in Croatia, and the series will end in September in Italy.
Each of these races is open water and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.141449
Retrieved Text: The Rottnest Swim is a 19.7km open-water swim from Cottesloe Beach to Rottnest Island. Playfully nicknamed the ‘Rotto Swim,’ it is one of Western Australia’s most iconic events and one of the biggest open-water swimming events in the world.
Sayani Das is a nineteen-year-old woman from Kolkata in the Indian State of West Bengal. She fell in love with swimming from a young age, learning to swim at one of the few local pools, and practising her technique in the Ganges. Swimming has become two things for her: a way to make her country proud, and a public demonstration that girls can do anything.
I’m Sayani Das. I’m a swimmer and I’m 19. When I was six years old, a swimming pool opened and my father took me there to learn how to swim. In five months of learning, I had done 10 kilometres of swimming in the Ganges. Then I started my swimming life. I won six gold medals in the State Championships, and also participated in the National Championships in India. So I thought, swimming is for me, and I’m for swimming.
In my country, people think that education is the best way to prove yourself in society. But my dad and I, we think that this isn’t true. A sportsman can establish himself or herself too. It’s good. As an Indian, it’s our duty to do something for our country. I think that swimming is something I can do for my country.
When I was born, everyone teased my father; ‘Again, a girl child’. So, he challenged

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.033167
Retrieved Text: CoboToOz is a company that sells top of the range silicone swim caps on the world’s biggest online retailer.
Our swim caps are made from the finest quality silicone and are quality tested before they leave the factory. They do cost more that latex caps but they won’t be ripping on you when you least expect it.
Caps that are made from silicone are, in many respects, the best that money can buy. There are many reasons for this which include superior tear resistance, comfort when wearing, zero toxicity, non-allergenic and better thermal insulation.
Because they are so stretchy and soft, the one adult size will fit all and they are perfect for both men and women.
Buying swimming caps online is easy and convenient, that’s why more people are doing so all the time.
There are many reasons why people wear a swimming cap. One of the reasons is that many people don’t want to get their hair wet, and that could be for a number of reasons within itself. There are chemicals in the water of swimming pools, the main one being chlorine. Getting these chemicals into the hair doesn’t do it much good at all. It can bleach it and leave it weak and friable. When swimming outside, the sun can do a lot of damage to the hair, leaving it dry and brittle.
The bathing caps will not keep out the water entirely, but it will reduce wetness substantially. It will keep the hair out of the pool plus keep the main bulk of splashes off too. Silicone

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.951883
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Swim For The Cure 2018!
I am behind in my training this year as I have not been enjoying swimming in pools – far preferring the open water. So it will be a rush to the July 28 swim date.
This is our 18th year for the swim and each year I recognize that more people I know personally have experienced illness. Not all stories are related to cancer – each story is about dealing with the unknown and finding the courage to take one day at a time and to move onwards from the illness. Changing routines is easy to think about doing, actually doing, is hard work. I have had the privilege to learn from some special people, what is motivating them, what their goals are, how they are helping themselves to be well again.
I began the swim in honour of two very important women in my life; my Nana, Christina Morgan and my Aunt Terri Morgan. Today I swim for many other women and men. I also swim to retain my fitness as I age and to share the joy of completing the swim and telling the story with others. The start of the swim and the finish are quite different. The beginning is filled with nervous bellies, irritation to get started, occasionally bravado – the end is magical! Completing the swim – looking up into the faces of other swimmers, the support team, your supports and the people who are sharing your joy is a moment in time that I treasure each

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.85695
Retrieved Text: The swimming pool of Tervise Paradiis has the best opportunities for water trainings in Pärnu.
The swimming pool is located on the ground floor of the building. The 25-metre swimming pool has 4 lanes and there are Finnish saunas for men and women.
Following group trainings are held in the swimming pool: water jogging, water gymnastics, circuit training in water, AquaLatino. Please take a look at the group trainings timetabel to see the dates and times of water trainings.
During exercise sessions, 2 lanes are open for swimmers. In planning your visit to the swimming pool, we kindly ask you to take into account the schedule of the said exercise sessions. We are sorry for any possible inconvenience!
The swimming pool is open Mon-Sun 6.30–22.00.
You can find the pricelist of swimming pool here.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.774233
Retrieved Text: There are many things that people do when they are free. Swimming is one of the most common activities practiced by people. The people are attracted to the swimming activities when the weather conditions are unfavorable such as high temperature where hot sun rays affect the people. Swimming helps to cool the body temperatures when there is the sun. There are the costumes which the people should use have for effective swimming. The article herein shows the essential tips for choosing the best designer for women swimwear.
At first, the expertise level of costumier should be determined to boost assurance of getting the best swimming garments. The people should ensure that they choose the experienced designer who can design any form of swimming costume regardless of size or other parameters. The references of the women swimwear should be consulted to help determine the period in which the designer has been in service. The presence of highly skilled and experienced women swimwear designers draws the attention of the customers since they make the best costumes. It is advisable for the people to take time to assess the level of skills of the costumier. The higher the experience level of the designer, the better the women swimming costumes.
Secondly, the people should communicate with the references of the women swimwear designer. Many women have the best swimming costumes. The references share their experience and thus offer maximum information about the best designer. People should make inquiries with the references to ensure that great services are received and the best designs

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.74553
Retrieved Text: Croatia vs Serbia Highlights. Rasmus Lauge and Hans Lindberg scored two mouth-watering goals in the beginning of the bronze medal match.
Kiril Lazarov and Goce Georgievski know how to fly in this championship. An incredible play in Zagreb, last match of group C. In the group stage, teams are ranked according to points 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss.
Italic indicates host country for that year. IHF Rules for classification: Retrieved 27 January Retrieved 24 January Retrieved 10 May Retrieved 28 June Retrieved 31 October Retrieved 14 January Retrieved 15 January World championships in Archery Aquatics diving high diving open water swimming para swimming swimming synchronized swimming water polo Association football women Athletics cross country para Badminton mixed team Baseball men Basketball men 3x3 Beach soccer Beach volleyball Bowls Boxing men Canoeing slalom sprint Cricket men Cycling road track mountain bike cyclo-cross BMX Fencing Floorball women Futsal men Gymnastics artistic rhythmic trampoline acrobatic aerobic Handball men women Inline hockey Judo Karate Modern pentathlon Netball Orienteering Racquetball Rowing Rugby union men Shooting Softball Men Sport climbing Squash men women Table tennis men women team Taekwondo Weightlifting Wrestling.
Hamburg Berlin Munich Cologne. Semifinalist of Asian Championship. Finalist of African Championship. Third place of African Championship.
Archery Aquatics diving high diving open water swimming para swimming swimming synchronized swimming water polo Association football women Athletics cross country para Badminton mixed team Baseball men Basketball men 3x3 Beach soccer Beach volleyball Bowls Boxing men Canoeing slalom sprint Cricket men Cycling road track mountain bike cyclo-cross

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.721678
Retrieved Text: Thermal baths Borgo Salute, near Madonna di Campiglio-Pinzolo Val Rendena, are truly invigorating oases of beauty and wellness. The pure, cool water of the area is also a precious therapeutic tool.
and other mineral water treatments, as well as for light therapy, magnet therapy, and sclerotherapy in order to provide full medical support.
Completing the offering, the Borgo Salute spa includes a beauty center and massage center for a vacation that gives you the utmost in relaxation and wellness, all in line with nature and with the philosophy of simplicity of Terme Val Rendena.
The wellness center features a sauna, a Turkish bath, spa pools, chromotherapy, salt cave, and tropical shower. In conjunction with the spa center, there will also be a hotel adjacent to the spa, which includes 11 suites and a restaurant.
Swimming pool for families and kids: on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday 9.30 am-12 pm. On Monday 3 pm – 6 pm.
Spa with saunas, steam baths, swimming pool with whirlpool, chromo therapy, salt cave and tropical showers (only for the people with more than 15 years).
Opening: on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday, 3 pm-8 pm; on Thursday, 8 pm-10 pm (only for women); on Friday, 3 pm- 10 pm. Only swimming pool for families and children: on Monday, 3p.m – 6 p.m., on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, 9.30 am-12 pm. Advisable reservation.
Spa entry: € 12 one hour, € 16 two hours, € 19 one day. Swimming pool entry: € 6 adult, € 3 kids 3-6 years, free kids till 3 years.
Beauty center, massages and solarium. Opening: from

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.70221
Retrieved Text: Seabees are known more for their construction and battle skills than their prowess in the water. But retired Seabee Doug Byers put his swimming skills to the test the day of Hurricane Katrina when he was working as a Harrison County sheriff’s deputy in D’Iberville.
His long swim, and the lifesaving efforts that came with it, earned Byers the honor of Law Enforcement Officer of the Year from the Mississippi Veterans of Foreign Wars. He won the award over other deputies from throughout the state’s 82 counties.
“We all did our best,” the modest Byers said when he received the award this week at the D’Iberville City Council meeting. But others say there’s more to it than that.
“He’s a true hero. He rose above,” Harrison County Sheriff George H. Payne Jr. said.
The story begins with Byers, who has been on patrol in the city for three years, setting out the morning of the hurricane to rescue District 1 Constable Windy Swetman, who had reported by phone that floodwaters were rising around his D’Iberville home. But the five-ton Army truck Byers was driving stalled and became engulfed in surge waters and he found himself in danger of drowning.
Byers struck out swimming in search of higher ground. He came upon a man and two women struggling to stay afloat in the water. Calling to them that he was a sheriff’s deputy, Byers pulled the trio to him as the flood swept all four people down Central Avenue.
He saved the women by putting them inside a huge drainage pipe that was

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.666254
Retrieved Text: Is swimming safe during pregnancy?
What are the benefits of swimming when pregnant?
Swimming keeps you mentally and physically relaxed. If you are a regular swimmer, you might want to continue with it as part of your physical activity during pregnancy.
But before adding it to your pregnancy fitness regimen, you might want to know whether or not you can practice swimming during pregnancy. MomJunction tells you if this activity is safe, the safety tips you should follow and the warning signs to look for.
Yes, swimming is safe during pregnancy provided you take some precautionary measures (1). It helps you remain fit and feel better with the progressing body changes.
However, check with your healthcare provider, midwife or physiotherapist before you start swimming if it is new to you or you have a high-risk pregnancy.
Swimming is a form of aerobic exercise for strength training and pain rehabilitation. The various advantages of swimming during pregnancy are given below.
Swimming balances cardiovascular and muscular strength, and thus, relieves you from stress. Like any other exercise, it stimulates the body to release endorphins, which help in lowering the perception of pain and give a positive feeling about your pregnancy (2).
The growing uterus puts pressure on the body. But the natural buoyancy property of the water makes you feel light and weightless when you are swimming. It is helpful for those suffering from swollen joints and back pain as swimming strengthens the muscles around these affected joints and ligaments (3).
Stimulating the heart rate for a short time keeps the heart healthy. Swimming is a cardiovascular

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.597445
Retrieved Text: The 2007 World Aquatics Championships or the XII FINA World Championships were held in Melbourne, Australia from 17 March to 1 April 2007. The competition took place at three locations in central Melbourne: the Melbourne Sports and Aquatic Centre (diving and water polo), St Kilda Beach (open water), and Rod Laver Arena in a temporary pool christened the Susie O'Neill Pool (synchro and swimming).
A total of 2,158 athletes from 167 nations participated in the 2007 championships. The total number of spectators was more than 215,000, setting a new record attendance for the event. FINA President Mustapha Larfaoui described the competition as "the biggest and best in history."
At the end of the competition, the medals table contained an entry for Tunisia, with one gold and one silver medal, both won by Oussama Mellouli. However, on 11 September 2007, the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Lausanne, Switzerland vacated these results imposing an 18-month competition ban on Mellouli, effective retroactively to 30 October 2006 for doping with amphetamine.
The Swimming competition comprised various events using all four strokes (Freestyle, Butterfly, Breaststroke and Backstroke) for men and women ranging in distance from 50 m up to 1500 m.
A total of 40 gold medals were available for the Championships. The swimming schedule took place over eight days during the second week of the Championships.
The Swimming events were held at the 15,000 seat Rod Laver Arena using a temporary pool.
The open water swimming competition saw men and women competing in events over 5 km, 10 km and 25 km distances. Events were

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.584852
Retrieved Text: Surf photography, much like surfing itself, is populated by a male majority. And if you think about it, the women that do swim into some of the world’s heaviest waves with a camera and a water housing are just as much trailblazers as the ones who surf them. Maria Fernanda is one of those women.
Born and raised in Mexico, Maria grew up swimming competitively and had always wanted to be a photographer. And ever since she put the two together she’s been swimming in some of the North Shore’s heaviest lineups as well as Puerto Escondido on its biggest days. You’ve likely seen her images before but probably don’t know her story, like how it all got started, and even the time she found herself floating in the lineup on a 20-foot day with torn ligaments in her knee.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.511593
Retrieved Text: Swimming is an individual or team sport that requires the use of one's arms and legs to move the body through water. The sport takes place in pools or open water. Competitive swimming is one of the most popular Olympic sports, with varied distance events in butterfly, backstroke, breaststroke, freestyle, and individual medley. In addition to these individual events, four swimmers can take part in either a freestyle or medley relay. A medley relay consists of four swimmers who will each swim a different stroke. The order for a medley relay is: backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly, and freestyle. Swimming each stroke requires a set of specific techniques, and in competition, there are distinct regulations concerning the acceptable form for each individual stroke. There are also regulations on what types of swimsuits, caps, jewelry and injury tape that are allowed at competitions. Although it is possible for competitive swimmers to incur several injuries from the sport, such as tendinitis in the shoulders or knees, there are also multiple health benefits associated with the sport.
Rowing, often referred to as crew in the United States, is a sport whose origins reach back to Ancient Egyptian times. It involves propelling a boat on water using oars. By pushing against the water with an oar, a force is generated to move the boat. The sport can be either recreational for enjoyment or fitness, or competitive, when athletes race against each other in boats. There are a number of different boat classes in which athletes compete, ranging from an individual shell to an

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.500023
Retrieved Text: Synchronised swimming grew as a sport from ornamental swimming and theatrical water ballets of the late 19th and early 20th Centuries. In the early days, male swimmers performed round-dances in the water as a swimming art form, decorated with garlands or Chinese lanterns. In 1891, the Royal Life Saving Society of Great Britain (RLSS) published a handbook for swimmers encouraging “ornamental swimming” or “scientific swimming”.
The sport developed from life saving and swimming techniques and the first contests, held in 1891 in Berlin and 1892 in London, were for men. However, artistic swimming became accepted as better suited to women because they were more buoyant, especially in the legs, and able to better make pictures with their bodies on the surface of the water.
Australian Annette Kellerman (p37) was described as the first under-water ballerina when she performed in a glass tank at the New York Hippodrome in 1907. A group of women opened the German national swimming championships in Leipzig in 1921 with an exhibition of figure swimming but the main impulse came from Canada. In 1924, in a world first, the Quebec provincial championship for figure and stroke competition, limited to women, was held in Montreal, with the figures taken from the scientific swimming section of the RLSS handbook. Top Canadian diver and water polo player Margaret (Peg) Sellers played a pioneering role and, two years later, won the first official national championship in performing figures and strokes.
The sport had also caught on in the United States, where Katherine (Kay) Curtis, who had already experimented with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.46728
Retrieved Text: The swimming pool in Húsafell is one of the most popular recreations in the area. It was originally built in 1965 but since the pool and its surroundings have been renovated greatly. There are two swimming pools, as well as two hut tubs, along with a water slide.
The hot water in the pool originally came from hot springs in the close by Selgil. Now the it comes from hot water drill holes in Selgil, where the water is around 77 degrees warm, and Hveragil, where the water is around 64 degrees warm. Combined there are around 45 liters of hot water which come out of these two drill holes every second.
The vistitors of the swimming are responsible for themselves when using the pool.
It is without any risk if people do not behave recklessly.
Show caution in the dressing rooms and remember that wet floors can be slippery.
The temperature of the water in the pools and hot tubs varies. But guests should find something to their taste.
but underline that they can be kept in safe boxes in the ticket booth.
In the swimming pool area it is strictly forbidden to have any kind of food or drink. Smoking is also forbidden.
It is forbidden to go down the water slide while standing, walk up the slide, use it more than one at a time or use toys or be in the way where people exit the slide.
PARENTS AND GUARDIANS - Keep an eye on your children in the swiming pool and around it.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.300463
Retrieved Text: [:en]September 1994. Myrtha Pools are official suppliers of the VII World Swimming Championships, held in Rome. On this occasion they realized a swimming pool unique in the world, installed on a tamped earth tennis court of the Foro Italico, near to the well-known marble statues. The international Tennis Championships are disputed in the same court every year. Not being absolutely possible to make any masonry work, an above ground pool was built, completely self-supporting and removable. Furthermore, very short times were necessary, not to limit too much the possibilities of use of the tennis court: the pool was in fact installed in 30 days.
The pool, 33x21x3 m, was complete with overflow gutter on the four sides, water treatment system, heating system, underwater window for television broadcast and accessories for competitions.
The Marble Pool, in which the Synchro Swimming and Women Water Polo competitions have been disputed with success, was afterwards dismantled, and its panels have been re-utilized to form two separate pools, as a confirmation of the extreme versatility of Myrtha Technology, that allows for the variation even total of the initial dimensions.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.29032
Retrieved Text: If you are a water person and love swimming but don't feel that you have sufficient motivation to go to the pool regularly by yourself, why not try an aqua aerobic class?
Classes may be called aquafit, water fun, or watergym and even if not combined with a swim, offer good all round exercise. Although you may not burn as many calories as you do on a treadmill, swimming is a lot less taxing on the joints. This makes it a very good exercise choice for older or overweight people, or for those recovering from injury.
If you are slowly getting back into exercise this is a fun and safe way to do it.
As the water supports your weight, it is often easier for people who are heavy due to the buoyancy given by the water since you can move much more easily than on land. For pregnant women, as long as they have their doctor's approval, water exercise can be a great way to stay fit as pregnancy progresses. It's also good for people suffering from arthritis and sports injuries. In fact, a lot of physiotherapy is offered in very warm hydrotherapy pools.
From simple leg kicking exercises holding on to the poolside in the shallow end to deepwater exercises using weights and flotation devices, classes can suit all ages, levels of fitness and abilities.
You don't even have to be able to swim to join many classes, as they just use the shallow end of the pool.
Just as swimming is a good cardio-vascular exercise and tones the body,

================



======= Instance Index 2138 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Two men are standing on a basketball goal. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: take turns doing several home run runs.

Ending 2: are performing a routine in front of a trampoline.

Ending 3: start doing layups, then stand talking to the camera again.

Ending 4: begin throwing balls onto the field.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.396803
Retrieved Text: 6-In-1 Easy Up Youth Mini Goal - Bison, Inc.
Over 40,000 Easy-Up™ Mini Goals are in service in youth camps, YMCAs, YWCAs, elementary schools, church recreation centers, basketball camps and city recreation facilities. For over 25 years, Easy-Up has put the rim within reach and helped to teach aspiring young basketball players proper shooting techniques…Equipment with official 10′ goal height can be converted in less than five minutes with no use of tools • Only Easy-Up will fit on any style of single-ring goal, breakaway or non-breakaway, regardless of manufacturer, age or condition • An Easy-Up goal lowers rim and moves rim 24″ closer to free throw line • The full size rim allows play with either full sized or reduced size balls depending upon player age • Standing as low as 2′ above the floor, one person can easily attach the tubular frame to a 10′ goal with a unique cam operated lever • Total system weight is less than 40# • 48″ x 32″ backboard is molded of high impact ABS plastic • Ships completely assembled • Not suitable for dunking or hanging from goal • One-year limited warranty on structure and goal, lifetime limited warranty on backboard • Age appropriate goal height for kids of all ages now available in a single adjustable unit… This one model (which replaces TR79, TR80, TR81, TR85) can be set at 6-½’, 7′, 7-½’, 8′, 8-½’ or 9′ goal height for kids as young as four years old • Two minute height adjustment without tools. Approx. shipping weight:

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.369953
Retrieved Text: 30th Year Coaching (Buena Park, Bell Gardens, Charter Oak).
Coach Cuevas has been married for 18 years to his beautiful wife Matty, who is a 5th grade teacher at San Jose Charter Academy in West Covina, and they have two wonderful children, Alyana (14), and Al Jr. (11). Coach Cuevas teaches American Government and Economics in the Montebello Unified School District.
BA, Political Science & Chicano Studies, Cal State Long Beach, 1992.
Coach Cuevas understands the the philosophy of "team" first is a key to playing basketball "The Charter Oak way", and the coaching staff is committed to teaching our young men to always play selflessly everytime they step on the basketball court.
Coach Cuevas has 29 years experience coaching boys & girls basketball at every level in high school as well as training college & professional athletes. Coach Cuevas earned his stripes at Snow Valley Basketball School learning from legends Charlie Sands & Herb Livsey.
Coach Cuevas has been licensed by USA Basketball as a Gold Coach Licensed coach. The USA Basketball Gold Coach License is a program that provides basketball education and training to coaches while ensuring the safety of young people in the sport. Gold Licensed Coaches are the only coaches that are allowed to participate and operate NCAA certified basketball events.
Coach Cuevas is also certified by the Positive Coaching Alliance as a "Double Goal Coach". The Positive Coaching Alliance's goal is to replace the "win-at-all-cost" model of coaching with the "Double-Goal Coach", who wants to win but has a second, more important, goal of using sports to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.25376
Retrieved Text: UCCS basketball and track athletes saw little rest away from classes. Both the men’s and women’s basketball teams played games against conference rivals, and track athletes were preparing for a start in January.
“We captured some big conference wins,” said head Men’s Basketball Coach Jeff Culver.
The week before finals in December, the men took on Regis, Colorado Christian and Northern New Mexico Universities in the first three games of conference play. Then they returned from break, squaring off against Dixie State on Jan. 4 and Westminster on Jan. 5, chalking up two more wins for the season.
At press time, the Mountain Lions had just finished off Fort Lewis and Adams State, extending their winning streak to eight games.
Even with the team beset by recent injuries and sickness, Culver said his players were well prepared, listing Elijah Ross, a senior playing guard who returned from a knee injury on Jan. 11; Dalton Walker, a redshirt senior playing forward who returned from having mono on Jan. 11; and backup point guard Geoff Kelly is out for the season with a knee injury.
Over break, the Women’s Basketball team saw a bit more action then the men did, playing 10 games between finals and the start of classes this week. But just like with the men, sickness and injury have been persistent pests.
“We’ve been kind of hampered a little bit with injuries and sickness,” said Head Coach Lynn Plett.
Plett said that Elly Johnson, a freshman forward, was out with the flu for two weeks. Jae Ferrin, a graduate student forward, hurt

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.978071
Retrieved Text: THATCHER, AZ—Two former Thatcher High School and EAC Music students are on their way to the “final four.” No, it is not the basketball final four, but instead the international finals of the Intercollegiate A Cappella Association (ICAA). The men, Jordan Keith and Ryan Innes, will travel to New York City where the international championships will be held on April 29 at Lincoln Center as part of “Vocal Point,” the Brigham Young University nine-voice male a cappella performing group. And instead of the “final four” it is really the “final six” as they will compete with two other vocal groups from the United States, two from Great Britain, and one from Canada.
The ICAA is an organization of participating colleges and universities involved in popular-based a cappella singing made famous by such groups as “Boys 2 Men” and the “Back Street Boys.” The groups are judged not only for their vocal abilities, but choreography, student arrangements, soloists, and many other aspects of a cappella-type popular singing.
The BYU group attained this honor by winning the Western Division Title two weeks ago at Stanford University where they defeated a capella groups from the University of Southern California, University of California at Berkeley, and two groups from the University of Oregon, among others.
In addition to Vocal Point winning the total competition in San Francisco, Ryan Innes won the award as the “outstanding solo voice” and the group won the “outstanding student arrangement” for their presentation of a modern Christmas song entitled He is Born.
“Vocal Point” is part of the School

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.817219
Retrieved Text: Police in New Providence are investigating four shootings that occurred on Wednesday and another that took place yesterday.
A 21-year-old man was shot in the hip around 2:45 p.m. on Wednesday during an altercation with a group of men at Myrton Avenue, off Farrington Road, police confirmed. The reason for the fight was not disclosed by police.
A triple shooting took place a few hours later at Homestead Stree, Englerston. According to police, shortly after 7 p.m. three men were standing at the junction of Homestead and Miami Streets when they were approached by two gunmen.
Two of the men were shot to the leg and the other man to the hip.
Police are questioning a 15-year-old boy from Fritz Lane in connection with the shooting.
Yesterday, around 2:20 p.m. another man was shot in Nassau Village.
It was reported that the victim was sitting in his 2002 Nissan Sentra in the area of the basketball court in Nassau Village when he was approached by a group of men traveling in a green Nissan vehicle.
Police said one of the men shot the victim in the left arm. The man was able to drive himself to Balfour Avenue and Charles Vincent Street where emergency medical services personnel collected him and transported him to hospital. The 24-year-old male has been detained at hospital in serious condition, police said.
The four other shooting victims were also taken to hospital via ambulance. The were listed in stable condition.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.60485
Retrieved Text: America is a country that loves sports. Two of America’s most popular sports are basketball and soccer. Many children participate in the sports every year. Similarities are abundant between the two. Both sports require team work. Also the main purpose of both is to put a ball into a netted goal. However, there are some very important key differences. Soccer is played on a field that is much larger and there is a goalie that constantly defends the goal. While basketball is played on a smaller hardwood court with fewer players active at once.
Furthermore, soccer is low scoring and more strategic when compared to basketball, which has final scores in the hundreds. All in all, many similarities there are huge differences between soccer and basketball. The first and most noticeable difference between soccer and basketball is the size of the playing field. Soccer takes place on a large open pitch nearly 120 yards from end to end and about 50 yards wide. At either end of the field there are two large goals. These are quite large measuring eight feet high and 24 feet wide. The stadiums in which professional teams play are colossal.
Some hold over one hundred thousand fans every event. Comparing these massive proportions to a basketball court the differences are obvious. A basketball court is much smaller. Only 94 feet long and 50 feet wide, it is minuscule compared to the larger soccer pitch. In addition court size the goal size in basketball is also much smaller. The rim on a basket is

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.575085
Retrieved Text: Both basketball and football are in the top four favorite team sports in the US, but basketball is spread internationally, while football, which the rest of the world calls “American football” to distinguish it from soccer which is called football around the globe, is played only in America and in probably another 3 or 4 countries around the world. Basketball is an official Olympic event while football is not.
Basketball is less expensive to practice and run, as it requires fewer gear, lower maintenance costs for the sport facilities and there are fewer players on the basketball team as compared to a football team.
Also, basketball can be played by both genders, while football is for men only. Also, girls and women who play basketball are not required or expected to wear the sexist skimpy uniforms, such as in beach volleyball or lingerie football which are used to make “the game more interesting”.
Basketball has simpler rules, involves only 5 people per team and has clear-cut penalty rules, as compared to the much more complicated rules of football, the 22 players involved and the sometimes very weird penalties involved in football need some time to be understood by newbies.
Basketball is usually played indoors so the weather doesn’t matter for the players and the audience. Of course, the field dimensions are very different between the two sports.
If you are looking for a contact sport, then football is the game for you. It is full contact and includes physical confrontations and tackles on every play, while basketball is a non-contact sport,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.434044
Retrieved Text: Is Part Of is exactly "Hemsworth, Ron collection. Subsection B"
Eleven men in three rows, kneeling, sitting and standing in front of a goal. Behind are their huts.
A wreath from the Luftwaffe on the grave of Sergeant J C Shaw. It contains the words 'Die Deutsche Luftwaffe'.
A group of airmen at the internment of Sergeant J C Shaw. Two, on the left are saluting. Other airmen are holding wreaths for the grave. Light snow on the ground and trees bare of leaves in the background.
Four airmen stand at the grave of Sergeant J C Shaw. On the right German soldiers fire their rifles in salute.
A German officer and two airmen in greatcoats saluting at the internment of Sergeant J C Shaw. Other airmen are holding wreaths to be laid on the grave. In the background the graveyard is lightly covered in snow, with the trees bare of leaves.
The grave of Sergeant J C Shaw covered in wreaths. In the background are more graves and bare trees.
The coffin of Sergeant J C Shaw is laid to rest by his fellow airmen. A group of German soldiers with rifles stands guard. The trees are bare of leaves.
A German officer leads the hearse containing the body of Sergeant J C Shaw. Behind the hearse are rows of British airmen wearing greatcoats. In the background is the graveyard and trees.
Group of airmen in greatcoats standing to attention at the funeral of Sergeant J C Shaw. They are arranged in three rows. Behind are woods and the graveyard.
Horse drawn hearse with the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.187792
Retrieved Text: This is a summary of the sports that are part of the Paralympic Games – what are the modifications, the classes of disability that are relevant for each competition. After each section there is a link to the official London 2012 video presentation.
Amputee (ALA): Athletes with a partial or total loss of at least one limb.
Cerebral Palsy (CP): Athletes with non-progressive brain damage, for example cerebral palsy, traumatic brain injury, stroke or similar disabilities affecting muscle control, balance or coordination.
Intellectual Disability (ID): Athletes with a significant impairment in intellectual functioning and associated limitations in adaptive behavior.
Wheelchair (WC): Athletes with spinal cord injuries and other disabilities that require them to compete in a wheelchair.
Visually Impaired (VI): Athletes with visual impairment ranging from partial vision, sufficient to be judged legally blind, to total blindness. The sighted guides for athletes with a visual impairment and the athlete with visual impairment are considered a team, and both athletes are medal candidates.
Les Autres (part of ALA) :Athletes with a physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other five categories, such as dwarfism, multiple sclerosis or congenital deformities of the limbs such as that caused by thalidomide.
W2 – athletes with paraplegia or a comparable impairment (with limited mobility in the lower limbs and full arm function).
W1 & W2 compete in a wheelchair.
F52-F58 – other physical impairments.
Boccia can be played by individuals, pairs, or teams of three. All events are mixed gender. The aim of the game is to throw leather balls – coloured red or blue (which side

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.073269
Retrieved Text: For basketball players in a practice environment or in game conditions there are two types of the thinking that are important to understand.
The first type is Goal Thinking. Everything in the game of basketball, from doing drills and skill development in practice situations to all aspects of game situations there needs to be a clear goal attached to what a player is attempting to accomplish. Or it could be said a desired outcome that a basketball player is aware of and has set for themselves.
An example in a skill development practice session would be to make a certain amount of shots from one spot before moving to the next spot. In a game situation when a player goes to the free throw line, the obvious goal is to make the free throw.
The second type of thinking is called Process Thinking. After a goal has been set the player must then focus on the process it takes to accomplish the goal not the goal itself. When the process is done correctly the goal will be accomplished.
Let's use the example of a player going to the free throw again. This could be in practice or in a game. The goal for the player is to make the free throw. Many players before taking a free throw shot think thoughts like "I hope I make this" or "I hope I don't miss this free throw." Those are actually goal thinking thoughts because they are about an outcome and a goal is concerned with a desired outcome.
Instead the player must

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.02945
Retrieved Text: At Husky Basketball Academy, our goal is to develop the next generation of athletes on and off the court. We strive to create a community of lifetime leaders through our program. Academy members will spend 5 weeks with us focusing on implementing skills in the gym as well as in the classroom. Our well-rounded curriculum will help Academy members get a head start to be successful in whatever they choose to do as they mature into young men and women. Every member will receive a uniform, a basketball, a backpack, and a notebook with our curriculum.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.847298
Retrieved Text: Basketball originated in 1891 when James Naismith was assigned to teach a physical education class at a YMCA (Young Men’s Christian Association) training school in Springfield, Massachusetts. Naismith was asked to invent a new game to keep the young men occupied (a game that could be played inside, and during the winter when it was very cold outside).
James Naismith, at the time, was a thirty-one-year-old graduate student. After graduating from Presbyterian College in Montreal with a theology degree, Naismith embraced his love of athletics and headed to Springfield to study physical education under Dr. Luther Halsey Gulick, superintendent of physical education at the College.
Two previous instructors had already tried and failed to devise activities that would interest the young men. Dr. Gulick placed this problem directly in Naismith’s lap, asking Naismith to see what he could do with the class. Naismith’s challenge was to create a game that was easy to assimilate, yet complex enough to be interesting. It had to be playable indoors, and by a large number of players all at once. It should provide plenty of exercise, and be played without the roughness of football, soccer, or rugby (to lessen the chances of injury in the smaller space utilized to play the game). He put a lot of time and thought into his new challenge.
It was to become an adaptation of many games of its time, including American rugby (the passing part), English rugby (the jump ball), lacrosse (use of a goal), soccer (the shape and size of the ball), and something called

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.82452
Retrieved Text: Air jordan 12 retro basketball shoes, red / white, man size 10.5. This product sheet is originally written in English. Please find below an automatic translation into French.
If you have questions please contact us. Air jordan 12 retro basketball shoes.
These shoes are very well used, in very good condition. They include the original box. They show very slight signs of wear.
I am happy to combine the shipping and do not charge the actual shipping fees - no handling fees! My goal is always 100% complete customer satisfaction. If you feel that your article has arrived "not as described\I am a commercial assistant. I can sell your items for you! Us shoe size (men's).
The item "air jordan 12 retro basketball shoes, red / white, man size 10.5" is on sale since Thursday, March 21, 2019. It is in the category "clothing, accessories \ men \ shoes \ sneakers". The seller is "utahskimom" and is located in cary, north carolina. This item can be delivered anywhere in the world.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.811663
Retrieved Text: Big Badou is so handsome he could easily go in the "Handsomest" section. It is full of working model/actors. Full because they are so short! Barely 6'3" at best. Badou, on the other hand, is a giant working model and former basketball player. So I'm putting him in the "Basketball" section where he can stand out. Of course, at 6'11" (2.108m) standing out is usually not a problem for him.
I had not been aware of him until he wrote me and I was amazed at his size. Men as big as him don't get many acting or modeling gigs so it's really great that he is finding work. He tells me "I was born in Senegal, West Africa but live in Miami, FL at the moment. I would like to know how you guys go about recruiting new faces? I am 29 year old former division I college Basketball player. I am 6'11" 223 lbs. I have booked quite a number fashions and commercials jobs such the Li Ning basketball shoe commercial with Dwayne Wade from the Miami Heat, Samsung Galaxy S3 with Lebron James Tom the Miami Heat as well to name a few."
Badou is what casting agencies call "exotic." That means he's not a slice of white bread like me.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.792788
Retrieved Text: Genesis Basketball's inaugural season was in 2006 and has evolved into the program we are today. The Club was founded on the premise that all of today's youth, regardless of their social, economic or educational standing should have the opportunity to play basketball at an elite level. Since then Genesis has grown into one of Calgary's largest and most successful programs with over 200 players participating in their year round programs.
The club is owned, coached and operated by numerous Calgarians, who have grown up playing basketball in our city and know what it takes to be successful. It is with this knowledge and understanding that we provide our players with a well-rounded program that takes into consideration not only what happens on the basketball court, but all facets of life.
It is crucial that our players succeed not only on the basketball court but in the classroom, at their jobs and at home. Basketball is only one aspect of life and our players are encouraged to put in an equal effort in all areas to achieve ultimate success. We are heavily involved in our player's lives and want them to succeed in whatever path they choose. We believe that all players should be given an equal opportunity to play Club Basketball and do whatever possible to ensure this happens. Keeping our fees as low as possible and reaching out to corporate sponsors to help subsidize costs has allowed us to open our doors to players from all walks of life. On the court we try and build

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.655746
Retrieved Text: i think not going after grennan is a mistake. i like his game a lot and feel that he will do well for himself at fairfield.
Great news for Coach Calz, little surprised he left Iona seeing that he was good friends with Coach Cluess and Iona is always teetering on a NCAA tourney bid. And agreed with MU Mystery Coach, coach Dempsey is a very smart guy and when I read that I was shocked to see he was heading to Binghamton. Good luck to him, if he can turn that around he could be seeing some big interest.
Any updates from the NEC Spring Meetings?
Conference membership, league schedule, tourney format?
H1 – from the NEC – The hoops Tournament format will remain the same for both men and women. League schedules will remain at 18 games in 2012-13 for both men and women. Come 2013-14, the men will only play 16 league games….
Why are they lowering the league game totals?
As a big fan of in conference rivalries I absolutely hate this. A disservice to the fans and a slap at the amazing competition and high level of basketball the nec offers.
what does it mean if a mid level to low level nec team loses to the big boys an extra time or two or if they lose to/beat other small conference teams on their level? i understand everyone wants that signature win to get on the map like wagner last year against pitt, but honestly unless you are a top 2-3 elite level nec team the chances

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.59837
Retrieved Text: FIBA is the governing body for international basketball. It maintains its own set of rules to help govern the association, which is made up of 212 countries and over 450 million players. As of 2006, Carl Men-Ky Ching of Hong Kong serves as President of FIBA, and Patrick Baumann of Switzerland is the Secretary General.The organization's offices are located in Geneva (opened in 2002).
As they moved into their new facilities, they also launched a new website and began development on a new strategy that would take them through the year 2010.Teams that participate in the various federations associated with FIBA come from across the globe, including teams from Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania. The federation has its own research and study group for the materials and equipment used in basketball, as well as to promote the building and maintenance of standard facilities. This Study Centre also provides publications offering technical assistance.
Their goal is to achieve high quality and high-tech facilities that are safety conscious.FIBA's website offers information on approved manufacturers for basketball equipment, including the popular adidas brand of basketball, which seems to be the standard. They have a strong marketing team that is very involved in promoting the sport and other various issues.
.Additional articles for the sports fans are located at EasyBaseballBetting.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.469194
Retrieved Text: High school basketball rivals Paul Marvulli (Valley Central) and Greg Jaloszynski (Pine Bush) have teamed up to bring the area a high-quality basketball tournament. Paul founded Triple Threat Hoops, and Greg co-founded 12th Rock, to bring basketball programs to young men/women in our area focused on teaching them the skills needed to be successful on and off the court. Their goal for this tournament is to draw local and regional teams to this area, and provide them with a quality basketball experience for the entire family.
Triple Threat and 12th Rock are also looking for local businesses, and individuals, who are willing to sponsor this event. Please take a look at the sponsorship opportunities HERE, and consider being a part of this great event!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.31732
Retrieved Text: Let’s be honest. The first things we usually look at when we read the bios of the Senior CLASS Award nominees are their stats and grade-point averages. What are they doing on the court or field, and how are they performing in the classroom? Undoubtedly, those are important categories—nonnegotiable, in fact. But if we skim over the middle two categories—character and community—we’re really missing out on the absolute best parts of these student-athletes.
One of the great things about the Senior CLASS Award is that it recognizes competitors for standing out as athletes, students and as basic humans. These men and women play hard and study hard, but they do so with integrity, respect and selflessness. It’s not rare for their community service notes to be equally as long as their competition stats or for their character description to feature detailed quotes from their coaches about how honorable they are in every aspect.
Take Kathlyn Medina for example. As a senior on the reigning National Champion Florida Gators’ softball team, Medina and her teammates walked through the final stages of life with 16-year-old cancer patient Heather Braswell, who had been “adopted” as part of the team through the Friends of Jaclyn Organization. When they won their title last June, they did it in her honor, as she’d passed away just 10 weeks earlier. Compassion like that requires a kind of CLASS that has little to do with lecture halls or a ball diamond.
Or look at Tyler Hawes, a senior finalist from the BYU men’s basketball team. After the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.287594
Retrieved Text: I love that show. I can watch it hour after hour — but only recordings, otherwise there’s about five minutes of ads for every 10 minutes of actual show.
I like to see how the homicide detectives piece things together; how they use their wits to get suspects and witnesses to talk; and how they occasionally put themselves in harm’s way pursuing suspects.
At the same time, it’s depressing because time after time — probably 90 percent of the time — the real-life stories revolve around young people, mostly inner-city youths and men, dealing in drugs and getting in deep trouble with guns.
I wonder if that message bothered his mother or stepfather…If ever there was a message that indicted the speaker was headed toward prison, that’s it.
So, here’s the story of “Brutal Business.” Nate and two other young men — 19-year-old Daryl Dotson and 17-year-old Debanair Wynn — preside over a drug “trap” — an abandoned house where they buy and sell drugs. Two other young men are on the way to the house to sell the three marijuana and ecstasy pills, and the drug-house operators plan to kill them. “They’re going to die regardless,” one of the trap operators says.
The most upsetting part of the situation is that the principal seller of the drugs — 20-year-old Steven Govan — is a college student and former high school basketball star whose stated goal is to become a basketball coach. Out on the streets, though, his goals aren’t quite as clear.
When Steven and a buddy arrive at the “trap,”

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.270334
Retrieved Text: List Rules Vote up the best NBA players over 7'2" tall.
We're ranking the tallest basketball players by how well they played in the NBA. Standing over 7 feet, 2 inches, the tallest NBA players ever are also some of the best NBA centers of all time. Who are the greatest NBA 7-footers of all-time?
Former Houston Rockers center Yao Ming is definitely one of the best 7-footers in NBA history. With career averages of 19 points, 9.2 rebounds, and 1.9 blocks, the Hall of Famer was an unstoppable force in the league, even challenging legendary NBA centers, like Shaquille O'Neal and Tim Duncan. Other great NBA big men over 7 ft, 2 in. include Shawn Bradley, Manute Bol, Ralph Sampson, and Kristaps Porzingis.
Vote up the best NBA players who are taller than 7 feet, 2 inches, and feel free to add any taller basketball players missing from the list.
Did he have a good NBA career?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.203737
Retrieved Text: As we celebrate the Poet Men's Basketball Centennial we are reminded of the extraordinary history that is at the foundation of Poet basketball. From its humble beginnings in Wardman Gym, to the recently refurbished, state of the art facilities in the Graham Athletics Center, Poet basketball has built a tradition of excellence. Over the last 100 years, 42 men and five teams have been inducted into the Purple and Gold Hall of Fame for their outstanding athletic achievements on the basketball court, and the program has won 30 league championships commemorated by banners hung in the Graham Athletic Center.
Once again, the Poets are expected to compete for a SCIAC championship. In celebration of the 100th season of Poet Men's Basketball, we invite you to come back to campus and watch as the Poets take on the CalTech Beavers on Saturday, February 13 at 2:00 PM.
Men's Basketball Alumni are invited to a lunch before the game and a “meet-and-greet” with coaches—a great opportunity to reconnect with old friends and teammates. RSVP to sortiz1@whittier.edu or (562) 907-5049.
Click HERE to see our full schedule of games!
We invite you to join us in celebrating the Poet Men's Basketball Centennial at Whittier College this season by making a gift to support the program. We all benefited from being part of Whittier College’s basketball tradition and we are asking for your help to pass this opportunity along to the next generation of student athletes as they work to follow in the footsteps of those great teams who preceded them.
Let’s help Whittier reach

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.059269
Retrieved Text: LEXINGTON – First Baptist Church of Lexington, took a mission team to Pueblo Colorado July 7-14. The 6 adults and 9 teens were involved in helping a church replant, called Steel City Fellowship. This church almost closed its doors and was restarted as an entirely new congregation October 2017. The current leadership is comprised of young men and women. There are two co-pastors and two interns, all of whom receive no pay for their services to the church. The two co-pastors will soon move on and form another new church and the interns will step up to lead Steel City.
What did the FBC Mission team do all week? In the mornings the team split into two groups and went to separate neighborhood parks. Using material called “Go and Tell Kids,” they did a short miniature Vacation Bible School. This included games, songs and teaching from the Bible. During this time people in the parks were invited to participate or just stay around and visit with the team.
Tuesday through Thursday night the team spent time playing kickball, basketball and having fun on the play ground equipment with the neighborhood people and their kids at Mitchell Park. Though Bible stories were shared the bulk of the time was just connecting to the people in the park. After the evening activities we sat around and debriefed as well as planning for the next days activities. On Thursday night at Mitchell Park, Nate Templin, one of the co-pastors tripped, and broke his ankle playing basketball. Sacrificing your body for the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.038546
Retrieved Text: Need some bonding time with your guy pals? Men tend to get closer as friends the more they hang out and participate in a variety of activities, especially when they feel physically or intellectually challenged in some way. Things like trivia nights, basketball games, and even a Sunday morning jog are all good choices for guy friends because they allow for bonding time and also also time for that competitive side to come through. Here are six more ideas you can try the next time you're about to hang out with the boys.
If you both like sports, why not cheer on your favorite team live and in person? Sharing a love of sports (and all those statistics that go along with it) can give you one more thing you'll both have in common. To make the most of the games you attend, why not put a friendly bet on the outcome? Say, the loser washes the winner's car for a month?
Speaking of sports, it's also a good way to meet some new friends, too.
My husband likes to say that the appeal to grilling is simply the ability to play with fire. What's even better than that? Asking a guy friend to help. Who doesn't like standing around a grill making a meal for your lady while sharing a beer with your guy friend? So gather up your guy pals, some steaks, and a few beers and make an afternoon of it.
You can discuss the best techniques for grilling and share recipes for the most unique things

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.011744
Retrieved Text: We’re talking about the rule that says a teenage basketball player must attend one year of college before leaving for the NBA. And Calipari is right — the rule is dumb and he’s only playing into the system.
Calipari doesn’t say “student-athletes” when talking about his players. He gets it. His job is to win at all costs. He isn’t molding teenagers into men. He’s molding athletes into millionaires. These athletes don’t care one bit about school. 365/24/7 their goal is to sign that NBA contract. Don’t you essentially go to college so that you can one day collect a paycheck?
You might as well make athletes who think they can leap straight into the NBA from high school go to some basketball-only program for a year (invite only, so that schmucks like me can’t take a year off from school to hoop it up). You think Anthony Davis even does schoolwork? He could write about lamps and still get an A. That’s if he even does his own work.
But what if they like college and want to stay? I’d counter that with the fact that they aren’t in college. It’s a glorified training campus. The last time I wore a robe with Ithaca College on it was never. If you give me that argument, we might as well just pay college athletes because they are living better than anyone I know.
Either make it more years or zero years. Not two semesters. It’s silly. Spend that scholarship on a kid who wants to change the world, not throw

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.946333
Retrieved Text: Drama, tragedy and fast breaks...on wheels. Life goes on... Get Real. Real men, real basketball, real manga. Reads R to L (Japanese Style). That life-changing moment when you discover what you really want to do-Togawa had his a while back and is determined to achieve his goal. Nomiya just recently had his epiphany and can't wait to take his next step forward. Takahashi is on the verge of finding out what he can aspire to and that it's always been there for him.
Takehiko Inoue is the creator of one of the most popular manga of all time, Slam Dunk, which has sold over 100 million copies worldwide. He followed that series up with two titles lauded by critics and fans alike--Vagabond, a fictional account of the life of Miyamoto Musashi, and Real, a manga about wheelchair basketball. Inoue is the recipient of numerous awards, including the prestigious Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize and the Media Arts Festival Award. In addition to his work on manga, Inoue has worked on television commercials, character designs for video games, and is the founder of a scholarship to foster Japanese basketball talent.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.888971
Retrieved Text: It’s 11:30 p.m. on a cold Saturday night in January. The Salvation Army Ray & Joan Kroc Corps Community Center in Chicago seems quiet, but then a swish, a whistle and a cheer erupts in the gym, bringing the facility to life.
This is the Kroc Center’s Late Nite Flight basketball league, and one of the players just made a lay-up while being fouled. The fans either cheered or groaned. It’s a playoff game and the players are giving it all they can.
Late night basketball leagues started in the 1980s to provide alternatives for young men at risk of becoming involved in, or a victim of, violence. President Bill Clinton advocated for late night basketball as part of his anti-crime legislation and the Chicago Housing Authority offered a similar program in the 1990s.
What makes The Salvation Army’s program unique is it’s about much more than providing a safe haven. It provides a host of wrap-around services including weekly classes that focus on anger management and coping strategies, identifying and maintaining healthy relationships, employment-searching skills and resume writing, goal setting and more. Each of the 70-75 players in the league can also access the Army’s social service programs, including food pantry, emergency rent/utility assistance, counseling and more.
Not attending school and with no job prospects, Lavonte Smith, 21, of Calumet Park spends most of his time at the Kroc Center playing basketball and keeping busy. He says the classes have helped him take steps to improve his future. “It is hard when you have a dream but don’t know

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.874071
Retrieved Text: Close to the beach with your own private solar heated pool and multiple decks, this vacation home is everything you could ask for! Perfect for a family member that requires everything on one floor with no steps. BLUE BY YOU sits on a beautiful canal that leads to Back Bay and while standing on the third level deck you can see the ocean and bay at one time. Six bedrooms (two master bedrooms, one on each level), four bathrooms, two living areas, open kitchen and dining area will give you more than enough space to spread out or spend your vacation together with family and friends. A small library of books, movies and games or the basketball hoop will keep everyone entertained after the long day at the beach or at the pool. Plentiful seating in the screened sun porch with ample space for dining/gaming with mini-fridge around solar heated pool. Decks will guarantee everyone the perfect seats for watching the sun go down over the bay. Don't forget your kayaks and canoes with easy access to Back Bay right from the property!
Ground-Level: Living Area with three couches, LCD TV, Kitchen, Dining Table seats 10, Access to Screened porch with mini fridge, Laundry room with full size washer and dryer, Hall Bathroom, Queen Master with LCD TV; Bedroom with 2 Twins and a Futon.
Extras: Private Pool (solar heated pools are weather dependent 32'x18') Wireless Internet Access, Foosball Table, Air Hockey, 2 Full Size Refrigerators, Basketball Goal, Corn Hole, No Smoking, PETS NOT ALLOWED, Parking: 6 Cars,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.860428
Retrieved Text: Remember When College Was About…Education?
Thursday night marked the beginning of the NCAA basketball tournament – “March Madness,” they like to call it.
On that night, thirty-two teams participated in sixteen games.
That means the players – about fourteen a team, or more than 450 young men – didn’t attend classes that day.
And they were probably traveling on Wednesday, so they didn’t attend classes then, either.
And they were probably traveling home, or to their next basketball destination, on Friday, so they didn’t attend classes then, either.
And they’ve been doing this kind of thing once or twice a week since early November.
So that raises an interesting question: when do these young men ever go to school?
The Curmudgeon has raised this point before: intercollegiate sports as we know it today should not exist.
Why not? Because all these so-called college students routinely skipping classes, with the enthusiastic support of their schools, so they can play basketball – so they can play BASKETBALL – is the REAL March madness.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.809362
Retrieved Text: Language isn’t without context and Barkley is a master at the put down. In fact, “girly ball” is an offensive and sexist way of marginalizing the product by calling it feminine. Barkley implied that a lack of toughness when teams center their style around the 3-point shot is ruining what the product used to be. He explained last night on TNT he doesn’t like basketball when teams are trying to outscore their opponent. He called it “girly ball.” What Barkley didn’t say when he anointed the San Antonio Spurs the best team in the West because they don’t play “girly” basketball was that every single team has as their goal to outscore the opponent and, more to the point, they create multiple actions for that to happen.
Barkley really means he hates three point basketball. He hates it because, for the most part, it renders big men, and his former position of power forward, a bystander and by default, paralyzed in an offense where big men without much range are more spectator than participant. No more dumping the ball into the paint and letting a big man go to work. It’s about moving and scoring on the run or dribble penetration or pull ups or catch and shoot deep bombs. To Barkley, that is a feminized form of what basketball should be about. It should be about the tangle of bodies down low and up and unders and rebounds and put backs and asserting your will through the physical strength of your body. It should be a

================



======= Instance Index 2992 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man bends on front a wight. then... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: , the man puts mouthwash on his mouth, then drinks some water.

Ending 2: , the man pushes the potato by hand and swing.

Ending 3: , the man raises the weight until the shoulders.

Ending 4: , the man bends to take a throw and pass on front the other players.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.438805
Retrieved Text: Hold 10 seconds and repeat 10 times. Woman bends over in pain rubbing her lower back as a result of a spinal injury accident. Perform 2 times per day. It is important to keep the back heel on the floor throughout entire stretch. Put a rope, sheet or belt around one of your feet and pull your heel toward your buttock until you feel a stretch in the front of the thigh. Repeat on the opposite side. Stack your feet and hips.
Wrap a rope or towel around one foot.
Lie on your back with knees bent and feet flat on the ground; rest arms by sides. Lift your top leg straight up, keeping foot parallel with the ground and flexing your toes; pause at top, then lower. Perform this exercise 2 times per day. Parents may receive compensation when you click through and purchase from links contained on this website. From your crab position, lift left leg and right arm and try to touch your toes. Professional man leaning over woman's shoulder, both looking down and smiling Young girl wearing rubber boots bends over and motions to small dog standing in flooded road by gate of her house in Thailand Young woman in Dublin on O'Connell bridge lighting a cigarette. Famil Dawn breaks over the meadows of the Upper Thames near Lechlade in Gloucestershire, Uk Artisan bends sheet with mallet A red tulip bends over into the dirt row between planted groups of multi-colored tulip flowers.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.171436
Retrieved Text: Officers are appealing for information after a vehicle failed to stop following a collision on the Isle of Wight.
The incident happened on Landguard Road at the junction with Falcon Cross Road, Shanklin at around 6.37pm on Friday 28 December.
The collision involved two silver Ford Focus’; one of which was being driven by a 55-year-old man. His 25-year-old daughterwas in the front passenger seat.
The driver of the other vehicle failed to stop at the scene, mounted a pavement and then drove off at speed. The front number plate from this vehicle was left at the scene showing the registration number CP53 VAU.
The man and woman from the first vehicle were left shocked by the incident. The woman suffered severe whiplash and received hospital treatement.
PC Dominic Green, said: “I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this collision or anyone who thinks they may have seen the vehicle which made off, before or after the collision, to come forward.
“I am also asking anyone who thinks they may have seen this vehicle abandoned in the area, to let us know. It’s a silver Ford Focus with only a rear number plate remaining, which shows registration number CP53 VAU. It will have suffered front end damage in the collision.
If you have any information, please contact us on 101, quoting reference number 44180480325.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.779688
Retrieved Text: Track your order with our real time order tracker. You can follow your purchase from production all the way to your front door. If you want, you can print an invoice and download fitting instructions too.
Accurate delivery times are displayed against each individual product but are generally around 2 to 3 working days on average.
We guarantee delivery to all of mainland UK. In addition, we will also deliver to Northern Ireland, Scottish Islands, Isle of Man and Isle of Wight for an extra £9.95 delivery charge.
You can track your order with our order tracker. We will also send you an e-mail when your parcel is ready to be dispatched, this will include a tracking number so you can track the delivery direct with the courier.
The vast majority of orders are delivered within 2 to 3 working days but some take a little longer.
Can I have my order delivered to an alternate delivery address?
Of course you can. We are more than happy to deliver to an alternative address; many of our orders are delivered direct to our customers at their work address.
We can deliver to any address within mainland UK. We are also able to deliver to Northern Ireland, Scottish Islands, Isle of Man and Isle of Wight for an additional £9.95. If you live in the Channel Islands or Republic of Ireland we can deliver to you too and the delivery charge will depend on the weight of your order. Naturally all our sales to the Channel Islands are VAT free. Please contact us for a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.661995
Retrieved Text: VERNON, NY- When Larry Wight pulled into Utica-Rome Speedway this past Sunday, August 27, he had no plans on racing. He came in to fill in as crew chief for teammate Pat Ward, but after borrowing a fire suit and Ward’s backup car, Wight found himself in victory lane on Excell Motorsports night. Wight’s win ended Matt Sheppard’s six race win streak at the Vernon oval. 13-year-old Charlie Tibbitts took home his first-ever Broedel Energy Sportsman checkered flag while AJ Walters continued the youth movement by winner the DIRTcar Pro Stock main event. Travis Billington scored the Rookie Sportsman win in his first visit to the speedway.
A skirmish at the drop of the green flag in the Gates-Cole Auto Insurance Modifieds saw point leader Matt Sheppard, Tim Fuller, Bobby Varin, and Brandon Walters head pit-side with damage with only Varin and Sheppard able to return to action. On the second attempt to start the 30-lap main event, Mike Maresca roared out to the front to lead the opening 11 circuits. Danny Varin and Larry Wight made some early moves to get into the second and third respectively, with Wight getting by Varin for second on lap nine.
Wight closed in on Maresca on lap 11, and a circuit later Wight slipped by Maresca to complete his charge to the front. On lap 15, Varin was able to go around the outside of Maresca to grab second and he went off after Wight. On lap 20, Varin went to the outside of Wight and nosed ahead of Wight

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.648232
Retrieved Text: No matter how you choose to get there, the Isle of Wight is closer than you think. Motorbike and foot passengers – save 15% Economy and standard car fares.
About Hampshire branch Hampshire and Isle of Wight IoD is recognised as the premier business organisation for the area. We aim to represent the concerns of our.
Behind the wheel of the Volvo V40, your commute can become so much more than just the drive from home to work – because when your car is a sanctuary.
Find hand-picked holiday cottages in Isle of Wight at cottages.com. Compare cottages or book online.
6-4-2018 · Sainsbury’s has revamped its popular Nectar card scheme and is trialling it in the Isle of Wight from today in a move which it says better rewards loyalty.
Father-of-four Paul Charles and wife Jacqueline died instantly when their car crashed through a fence and plummeted on to rocks at an Isle of Wight beauty spot.
Welcome to Snows MINI, Isle of Wight. Your authorised local MINI retailer, with excellent offers on new and approved used MINIs. Visit us today.
Thorness Bay Holiday Park in the Isle of Wight countryside, with stunning views & fantastic facilities including heated pool for fun family holidays. Book now.
A man who convinced 150 drivers to take out bogus insurance totalling £60000 is jailed for four years. Andover's Jaymz Clarke-Tomlinson jailed for car insurance con. 15 May 2015. Share this with Facebook. Isle of Wight County Press.
Find & apply for the latest jobs in Isle of Wight with reed.co.uk, the UK’s #1 job site. Start your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.25901
Retrieved Text: We all get one day a year to call our own. Send Happy Birthday wishes with a speech bubble or word board so that they know you're thinking about them on their special day, even if you are just thinking about your next drink!
Here we bring you some of our great birthday props in a multi-pack version just for photo booths.
DISPATCH: We have all products in stock and we usually deliver your order within 1-2 working days. Orders placed on a Friday after 2.45pm, and over the weekend, are despatched on the Monday.
All orders Mon-Fri, before 2.45pm, will be dispatched the same day. Orders made after this time will be dispatched the very next working day.
All shipping costs will be displayed during checkout process.
Orders over 2kg for Scottish Islands, Scottish Highlands, Channel Isles, Isle of Man, Isle of Wight, Scilly Isles will be sent by courier service.
*Free delivery for all UK orders under 2kg. *For orders over 2kg, free delivery does not apply for the following areas and orders will need to be sent by courier, Northern Ireland, Scottish Islands, Scottish Highlands, Channel Isles, Isle of Man, Isle of Wight, Scilly Isles, Guernsey, Jersey, Channel Islands, Isle of Man, Isle of Wight.
There is no Next day delivery for the following areas and orders will need to be sent by courier, Northern Ireland, Scottish Islands, Scottish Highlands, Channel Isles, Isle of Man, Isle of Wight, Scilly Isles, Guernsey, Jersey, Channel Islands, Isle of Man, Isle of Wight.
All next day courier deliveries are a fully tracked service with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.220943
Retrieved Text: It's the greatest place on earth, if you haven't cycled on the Isle of Wight then why not?
The Isle of Wight is a gem for cyclists, floating just off the South Coast of England. Easily accessible by ferry, but far enough away to put the rest of Britain out of your mind, if you haven’t cycled there before what are you waiting for?
The Lonely Planet named the Isle of Wight the best place in the world for cycling, and they clearly know what they’re talking about.
Known to natives and other residents as ‘the Island’ it offers road, MTB and cycle tracks for families, so there’s something for everyone.
If you’ve ever got stuck in a traffic jam on Putney High Street en route to Richmond Park or found yourself dreaming of reaching the Dales whilst stuck in the labyrinth of a one-way system in Leeds then you’ll definitely appreciate the lanes of the Isle of Wight.
Rural lanes, stunning views and often miles without a passing car, this is a fantastic place to turn a pedal.
Disclaimer: there are cars down there, they might drive past you, Newport even gets queues at traffic lights. But choose the right route and you’ll soon get clear of them.
Need to refuel? Fancy tying in a pub lunch? You need not look far to find somewhere to stop. Country pubs, old smuggler inns and a growing number of cycling cafes are dotted around the whole Island.
From coffee stops on a training ride to family lunches after a leisurely ride along the Red Squirrel

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.898369
Retrieved Text: Printable Amazon World map, Isle of Wight (MAP), England, UK.
Amazon World Map: Comprehensive Google map of Amazon World in Isle of Wight, England, United Kingdom.
More Isle of Wight attractions: Newtown Old Town Hall, Needles Park Sand Cliffs, Ventnor Botanic Gardens, Butterfly Paragliding School, Monkey Haven, Arreton Craft Barns, Dinosaur Isle, Shanklin Seafront Complex, Sunken Secrets, Borthwood Copse, Butterfly and Fountain World, The Needles Battery, Fort Victoria Model Railway, West Wight Alpacas, Seaview Wildlife Encounter, Chessell Pottery Barns, Appley Park, Farringford House, Sandown Pier, Newport Roman Villa, Isle of Wight Bus and Coach Museum, Bembridge Windmill, Haseley Manor, Isle of Wight Donkey Sanctuary, Brighstone Village Museum, Dimbola Lodge, Isle of Wight Steam Railway, Shanklin Chine, Blackgang Chine.
*For Google Amazon World "street view" of any road around Amazon World, you will need to click on link at top left of Amazon World map (it says "view on Google maps"), click and hold the little yellow man (bottom right), and position him onto the Amazon World road you would like to see in "street view".
Places near Amazon World: Hale Common, Branstone, Horringford, Winford, Queen's Bower, Apse Heath.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.74894
Retrieved Text: We use this field to detect spam bots. Steve howey dating group i agree that way to as far less seedy way to hsbc uk. Archives December 2018 April 2017 July 2016. It takes merely minutes. Giving uk, your everyday world for as school, the health of man have happy memories for singles.
Calling on great dating please enter website for fun! Please select your gender and search gender. Many local singles live in a bubble of island life, seeing the same faces every day. After the tour you can relax with your date, drinking a glass of English Wine whilst soaking up the beautiful sea views of Sandown and Shanklin. Isle of Wight free dating site for singles just isle of wight dating in United Kingdom! Who's Single In Your Postcode?
What better way to get to know each other a little more? Calling on great dating please enter website for fun! Welcome to this place to h m, find companionship,. View their profile and photos and then say 'Hi! Which is why so many people nowadays are turning to online dating to meet people.
There was an error submitting your subscription. Finally, one of the reasons our members use our service for Isle of Wight local dating is because of our commitment to safety. Zoosk is the only dating sites that in the isle of wight dating events and reception venues in the isle of the island. If you would rather do something a little more traditional, your island boasts an abundance of sensational seafood restaurants.
More than

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.510447
Retrieved Text: Download Bear Grylls is a man who has always sought the ultimate in adventure. Growing up on the Isle of Wight, he was taught by his father to sail and climb at an early age.... 7/02/2012 · "e;Bear Grylls is a man who has always sought the ultimate in adventure. Growing up on the Isle of Wight, he was taught by his father to sail and climb at an early age.
Mud, Sweat and Tears. By Bear Grylls. Biography & Memoir. Favourite The extraordinary life story of the world's most intrepid young explorer. Share this . At 7.22am on May 26th 1998, Bear entered The Guinness Book of Records as the youngest, and one of only around thirty, British climbers to have successfully climbed Everest and returned alive. He was only 23 years old. The actual ascent took as you like it characters pdf Already a number-one London Sunday Times best seller, Mud, Sweat, and Tears is the adrenaline-fueled autobiography of the mega-popular star of the hit survival series Man vs. Wild, adventurer Bear Grylls.
7/02/2012 · "e;Bear Grylls is a man who has always sought the ultimate in adventure. Growing up on the Isle of Wight, he was taught by his father to sail and climb at an early age.
Already a number-one London Sunday Times best seller, Mud, Sweat, and Tears is the adrenaline-fueled autobiography of the mega-popular star of the hit survival series Man vs. Wild, adventurer Bear Grylls.
Booktopia has Mud Sweat and Tears Junior Edition by Bear Grylls. Buy a discounted Paperback of Mud Sweat

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.361462
Retrieved Text: The Isle of Wight is always going to be special to me so when I heard back from Xavier at the Isle of Wight Distillery I was over the moon!
Isle of Wight Distillery are the creators of the beautifully bottled small batch, Mermaids Gin. The bottles design has the outline of the Isle of Wight cut out, which when you look through, you see an image of a Mermaid, printed on the inside of the back label. It's my favourite bottle of mine so far!
The distillery is the first and only one of the island, it was created by lifelong friends Xavier Baker and Conrad Gauntlett. Xavier's knowledge of brewing mixed with Conrad's past in creating wine with locally sourced ingredients, they opened their distillery. They started by distilling their Isle of Wight Whiskey but was soon followed by Mermaids Gin. Everything they create expresses the character of the Island tat they both love.
Mermaids Gin is slow distilled using chalk-fed spring water from the Island alongside 10 carefully picked and all natural botanicals including locally foraged rock sapphire, elderflower and boadicea hops. It is then rested for 7 days before being bottled on the Island. This gives the "signature smooth delivery and fresh, invigorating flavour."
Mermaids Gin is delicious with a kick of citrus with a warm peppery spice to it! This gin is smooth enough to drink on it's own over ice or with tonic and a few slices of refreshing cucumber!
Why did you decide to use hand picked Rock Samphire and Boadicea hops from the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.35805
Retrieved Text: Retirees in Britain really do like to be beside the seaside, with millions settling on the coast after the end of their working lives. The Isle of Wight.
A deer which swam four miles from the Isle of Wight to the Hampshire coast died after a man attempted to lasso it in a bungled rescue attempt. The roe buck.
Real estate for Smithfield, VA 23430 is available on realtor.com®. Take a look and find homes for sale in the 23430 area today.
Arranging support for large fleets of vehicles takes considerable management, particularly for car clubs, and has been incredibly difficult, convoluted and.
Find your next home to rent with Zoopla. Search 242,772 properties to rent from thousands of lettings agents. Use our smarter property search tools to.
1 & 2 bed apartments and 3 & 4 bedroom homes in Newport, Isle of Wight.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.331736
Retrieved Text: Blowing snow that created icy roads may have been the cause of a three-car accident that sent four people to the hospital Monday.
The accident occurred in Oakfield Township, near the intersection of Morgan Mills at about 3:45 p.m., Monday, December 28. According to Sgt. Draves, with the Rockford State Police, a blue 1995 Dodge, driven by Amanda Cooper, 27, of Gowen, was heading westbound on 14 Mile when the car in front of her began to brake. She couldn’t stop in time, and swerved into oncoming traffic, swideswiping an eastbound Pontiac driven by Susan Waller, 30, of Cedar Springs. Cooper’s vehicle then spun and hit an eastbound van driven by Chad Wight, 39, of Rockford. The van then left the roadway and traveled south down an embankment.
Cooper and her 7-year old child, who was restrained in the front passenger seat in a booster seat, were taken to Butterworth Hospital with serious but non-life threatening injuries. Wight and his wife Shannon, 40, who was a passenger in the van, were also transported to Butterworth with non-life threatening injuries. What injuries they sustained or what condition they are in was not available at press time. Waller was not injured.
Assisting the MSP at the scene was both Oakfield and Courtland Township Fire and Rescue, Rockford Ambulance, and the Kent County Road Commission.
I am so grateful that Amanda, Katrinia, and the others are safe. M-57 does need to be salted on a regular basis. I drive this road everyday and it is one of the worse roads to travel on

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.250622
Retrieved Text: James Marshall "Jimi" Hendrix (born Johnny Allen Hendrix; November 27, 1942 – September 18, 1970) was an American guitarist, singer and songwriter. He is widely considered to be the greatest guitarist in the history of rock music by other musicians and commentators in the industry and one of the most important and influential musicians of his era across a range of genres.
After initial success in Europe, he achieved fame in the United States following his 1967 performance at the Monterey Pop Festival. Later, Hendrix headlined the iconic 1969 Woodstock Festival and the 1970 Isle of Wight Festival. Hendrix often favored raw overdriven amplifiers with high gain and treble and helped develop the previously undesirable technique of guitar amplifier feedback.
Hendrix was one of the musicians who popularized the wah-wah pedal in mainstream rock which he often used to deliver an exaggerated pitch in his solos, particularly with high bends and use of legato based around the pentatonic scale.
This Poster is a 4th Pressing Poster of the FREE Concert By Jimi Hendrix & The Experience in San Francisco back in 1967.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.184769
Retrieved Text: What seemed like an unlikely scenario will probably become quite commonplace. An elderly man, all alone, replays pieces of the recorded stream of his life. Revisiting moments of triumph and regret. Looking intently at the high points, trying to breathe a bit of that air once more.
(briskly). Ah! (He bends over ledger, turns the pages, finds the entry he wants, reads.) Box . . . thrree . . . spool . . . five. (he raises his head and stares front. With relish.) Spool! (pause.) Spooool! (happy smile. Pause. He bends over table, starts peering and poking at the boxes.) Box . . . thrree . . . three . . . four . . . two . . . (with surprise) nine! good God! . . . seven . . . ah! the little rascal! (He takes up the box, peers at it.) Box thrree. (He lays it on table, opens it and peers at spools inside.) Spool . . . (he peers at the ledger) . . . five . . . (he peers at spools) . . . five . . . five . . . ah! the little scoundrel! (He takes out a spool, peers at it.) Spool five. (He lays it on table, closes box three, puts it back with the others, takes up the spool.) Box three, spool five. (He bends over the machine, looks up. With relish.) Spooool! (happy smile. He bends, loads spool on machine, rubs his hands.) Ah! (He peers at ledger, reads entry at foot of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.149675
Retrieved Text: BRAND NEW MILLTEK SPORT STAINLESS STEEL. NON-RESONATED CAT BACK EXHAUST SYSTEM.
FOR THE VAUXHALL ASTRA'H' (Mk5) VXR 2.0 TURBO. THIS IS OUR MOST POPULAR EXHAUST SYSTEM FOR THE ASTRA VXR! (fitting available, please enquire for details). VX2209R - Non-Resonated Centre Section. VX2213 - Over Axle Link Pipe.
Tail pipe diameter - 153 x 77mm Special oval. Pipe diameter - 2.50 (63.50 mm). Mandrel bends for optimum flow.
With over 30 years continuous experience, in developing performance exhaust. Milltek have now become a market leader in key marques. Milltek Sport exhausts are produced in high quality type 304 aircraft grade stainless steel. This material is anti-magnetic (other manufacturers stainless steel may not be) and is less susceptible to discolouration. This quality of stainless steel is used on all pipe work and the total construction of the silencer. Mandrel bending ensures full flow bends for better gas flow and Milltek systems are increased in bore to ensure ultimate performance without the loss of mid range torque.
Milltek Sport exhausts have a genuine performance edge - noticeable power gains, sounds that are truly awesome, styled looks that are aggressive but discrete and a feeling of true exhilaration. Substantial weight saving over original equipment systems. Highest quality aircraft grade stainless steel. Low pressure systems for maximum performance.
More than 30 years of continuous exhaust development and technical expertise are drawn upon to develop the ultimate Milltek Sport range of performance products, offering an ever-expanding comprehensive selection of performance exhausts which build on the successes of key marques. This has placed Milltek Sport at the forefront

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.125711
Retrieved Text: 1880s autograph album of Will P. Wight of Otisfield, Maine, and East Douglas, Massachusetts.
The album is approximately 7-1/2" x 5" and contains the sentiments of over thirty of Will's relatives and friends in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Will P. Wight, or William P. Wight, was born about 1857 in either Nova Scotia, New Brunswick or Hingham, Massachusetts, depending on the differing information on records. He was the son of Jesse D. Wight and Eunice Aurelia (Riley) Wight, who were born at Otisfield, Maine, and Ardize Hill, Nova Scotia, respectively.
Either Eunice alone or her family had moved to the Hingham, Massachusetts, area, where Eunice was living at the time of her marriage to Jessie D. Wight. Jesse was working as a blacksmith there or at Otisfield, Maine.
Eunice Aurelia (Riley) Wight signed a page in her son Will's album.
Will's brother David H. Wright signed a page near the front of his album.
Will's paternal uncle Joseph Perley Wight, his wife Diantha J. (Morse) Wight and their daughter Carrie M. Wight signed pages in Will's album.
In the 1880 Census, Will P. Wight was living in the home of his parents at Otisfield, Maine, but apparently soon after he moved to East Douglas, Massachusetts, where he was living at the time he started compiling autographs in his album.
Shortly after his arrival in Massachusetts, apparently, he married Harriet Simpson, who was born about January 1858 in Massachusetts. I found a birth record for a Jesse E. Wight, born to Will and Hattie, on 21 October 1882 at East Douglas, Massachusetts.
If you have

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.055452
Retrieved Text: It is a member of the European Union and there are a slew of nepal online dating site and regulations protecting women s free online dating sites in spain and promoting the Czech welfare of women and people. Best paid king dating sites 21 January Best dating yesterday afternoon sites ranked Checking account, and will hello my friends name visiting. Nearly year before their wedding. I am happy. Sexual Harassment could include being forced to engage in unwanted sexual contact as a condition of membership in a student organization; being subjected to video exploitation or a campaign of sexually explicit graffiti; or frequently being exposed to unwanted images of a sexual nature in a classroom that are unrelated to the coursework. Meanings naresh king rajaji; gali street in Hindi language; bada big area. Nontrivial women before you online unlikely to see games like this can turn into a tricky. We have been married for 6 months now and are still amazed at how happy and compatible we are. One in particular caught my eye but I wasn't ready to actually connect with him. Experience photo, worthy meet moments in the history of the country. This protect reviews online dating users 34 jan And after our date I felt he is so amazing person.
Join the festival starts today, try the isle of wight dating isle of your dreams on shore-leave. In a new 'Flat Walk the Wight' was introduced running along the island's cycle network, aimed at those unable to manage the steep hills the traditional walk

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.007006
Retrieved Text: Travel across the stunning Isle of Wight in a Camperbug camper! We’ve got a great selection of lenders on the island.
The island holds a warm climate and is one of the sunniest locations in Britain! The Needles are perhaps the most photographed location on the isle and was recently titled ‘Dinosaur Island’ owing to the rich deposit of fossils. Be sure to try local delicacies like rabbit casserole and a delicious serving of fish and chips.
To select the perfect Isle of Wight campervan hire, simply scroll through the vans below until you find the perfect home on wheels. Then log in to your Camperbug account and discuss dates of reservation, van amenities and more with van lenders!
I am Ermintrude79, hire me today!
Ermintrude is our wonderful 1979 automatic campervan with a Cantebury-Pitt roof conversion. With her automatic gearbox Ermintrude is a joy to drive. We will talk you through the simplicity of driving an automatic campervan during your orientation so there is no need for any prior experience. We gave Ermintrude a full interior refit in 2015 so she is looking stunning. She has a canvas bunk for one child up in her pop-top roof and this is suitable for children up to 11 years of age. With a child bunk fitted in her forward cab she can accommodate 2 adults and 2 children. If you have older children or there are 4 adults then not to worry, as with all of our campers, we will supply you with one of our Outwell 3 man stand alone

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.964144
Retrieved Text: I first met Adam Gaterell, aka the artist formerly known as Punk Poet, in the summer of 2013, as he stepped on an Isle of Wight stage to perform with a dozen or so whipper-snappers who he’d helped to mentor.
Since then our paths have crossed with increasing regularity, sharing venue stages and fashion tips on virtually a monthly basis. I’ve grown to respect the man, and he’s grown to tolerate me, so he was an obvious candidate for inquisition.
Be the Garfunkel to his art website!
Hassle him to reform the exceptional Pleasurade!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.849451
Retrieved Text: The views from the Ridgeway are far-reaching and are well worth the walk.
From the People?s Market, walk up the High Street, and follow the road round some bends till you reach the school. Turn right in front of the school, then turn left onto the footpath leading diagonally uphill to the top of Windmill Down. Head towards a group of trees on the skyline. At the top the path follows the hedge, and descends to Brook Lane. Partridges may be seen in the fields here, and occasionally Lapwings in winter. Cross the road into the lane leading to Beckless Cottages. In a short distance take the field path diagonally right, to the corner of the copse. Follow the edge of the copse then go over a stile into a lane under overhanging trees. At the road, turn left, then take the footpath on your right by the farm. Go up the hill and turn right at the top, by Teglease Farm.
Turn left at the tarmac road. Continue to the crossroads just over the crest of Teglease Down. Turn right along the wide but little-used road, which follows a prehistoric Ridgeway. After ? of a mile, where a lane joins from the left, take the grassy track going off diagonally to the right (not the one at right angles). There are superb views to the south here, and you should be able to see the Isle of Wight if it is clear. This is another good place to see buzzards, or even a Red Kite, identified by

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.828287
Retrieved Text: The most important thing about Brigg 10k Poppy Race is that you are helping us raise money for the Royal British Legion Poppy Appeal whilst having fun.
Brigg 10K Poppy Race is a very flat and fast course with plenty of long straights to reel in the runner in front of you. From the top of the slight rise at Cadney you can see almost a third of the course!
The route is a straight forward 5 kilometres out and back along a very quiet country road. The public road ISN'T closed to traffic for the event however there is very little traffic on a Sunday morning.
The first kilometre of the course runs parallel to the River Ancholme and only has a couple of very slight bends. The road surface is in quite good condition and makes for a fast first and last kilometre.
The second kilometre is probably the most difficult of the race with several bends and a poor road surface. There is quite a severe camber and a lots of wear and tear from farm traffic. To minimise the chance of injury please allow enough space from the runner in front to see where your feet will be landing.
The third and fourth kilometres are also fast ones with only a couple of bends, run on mostly refurbished road surfacing.
The fifth kilometer includes the slight rise to the turnaround point in the village of Cadney.
The route then reverses with the finish in the centre of Brigg.
There is a water stop just after the 5 kilometre turn round

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.794502
Retrieved Text: The top day labor crews in Isle Of Wight, VA are listed below, ready and waiting to aid in your moving day adventure. To see their pricing and availability enter your ZIP code and move date above.
If you're searching for day labor in or around Isle Of Wight, picking someone up off the street is a risky move. Use the HireAHelper Virginia day laborer marketplace to quickly browse through dozens of Isle Of Wight laborers, compare reviews and clear pricing. Then book online within a few clicks.
Now, you can hire day labor throughout Isle Of Wight confidently (or anywhere in Virginia), knowing your payment is securely held in escrow via HireAHelper. No more awkward confusion about how much cash to have on hand to pay workers you weren't pleased with. HireAHelper charges your credit card one day before your job date, then holds the funds in a trust until you authorize those funds be released to the Isle Of Wight day laborers you hired.
Read reviews on all the Isle Of Wight area helpers to find the day labor crew that works the hardest. Some of the laborers might be cheaper for a reason. Average quality work means they can't charge as much. Every HireAHelper customer gets to leave an honest review of the Isle Of Wight move help they received from their day laborers.
Why is it important to pick the right time to move in, out or across Isle Of Wight, VA? Picking the right time means you get the best, most rested crew that's totally

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.790234
Retrieved Text: Suggested places to visit on the Isle of Wight are listed in categoreies to help you find what you may be most interested in seeing or doing during your holiday.
Although this park is mainly aimed at children, there are humourous signs all around the park that will raise a smile or two. The historical sections, interactive coast display and film show about the Isle of Wight are aimed at adults. Most grown ups would appreciate the Pet Shop more than the kids and the rest of the park offers a good walk.
There are several gardens and country parks to visit on the Isle of Wight.. Shanklin Chine Gorge is pictured on the left.
Apart from the formal gardens, a walk around ordinary villages is most rewarding because people take pride in the gardens. If you visit in late April, look out for flowering wisteria which adorns the front of some cottages.
Each of the large seaside towns has a selection of very good gift shops.
Old Shanklin - Pencil Cottage gift shop and cafe.
The small pretty village of Newport also offers plenty of shopping opportunities plus a free car park. Go to browse and stay for lunch or a cream tea. Admire the thatched cottages and model village.
We will publish all the good experiences of the Isle of Wight that aren't rude!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.730597
Retrieved Text: He sounds like the latest midfielder on Manchester City’s radar?
Oh, Happy Harry’s flashing the cash then?
No he’s a 23-year-old North London lad that happens to be a Spurs fan.
He’s a brilliant musician with the voice of a 1960s US soul man.
Ah, another one he’s been listening to his parents’ record collection?
Not really – I don’t think his Ugandan parents listened to much Nirvana and Radiohead, the sounds that Kiwanuka grew up listening to!
Ah, but he eventually saw the error of his ways then?
I suppose so, but not before falling in love with Bob Dylan and Joni Mitchell’s song-writing.
Alright so he’s just another retro-soul man with an acoustic guitar?
No – one listen to the title-track of his debut EP, Tell Me A Tale- Isle of Wight Sessions, and you’ll understand.
It sounds like Al Green jamming with Bill Withers and Terry Callier on Nantucket Island when half way through they decide to visit a Northern Soul all-nighter one summer’s night in 1973. There are strings, a flute, the spirit of Marvin Gaye and all sorts in there.
Right I get it – a bit like Dusty in Memphis or Cat Power teaming up with the Memphis Rhythm Band?
So has he come out of nowhere?
Of course not he’s paid his dues. He started in rock bands before finding work as a session guitarist playing R&B, jazz and funk for Tinie Tempah&apos;s producer Labrinth. Meanwhile he spent his evenings building up a sing his own folky-soul songs. Recently he’s been all over Europe touring with Adele.
Okay it all sounds good where

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.670162
Retrieved Text: A trip to the Isle of Wight is an adventure that starts with a ferry crossing and goes on to The Needles and Queen Victoria's residence Osborne House.... Distance from Isle Of Wight to Southampton Hampshire Calculate the distance between two locations, get towns within a radius or get the driving directions and road travel times for your journey from Isle Of Wight using our journey planning tools.
Big Green Coach, the events travel company, is close to selling out its direct coach services to the gates of the Isle of Wight Festival site. If you wish to book a seat do so as soon as possible.... Travel by Train from Yarmouth (Isle-of-Wight) to Southampton Airport Parkway. Find cheap tickets and live train times with Trainline.
Travel to the Isle of Wight from only £10 return. Both Red Funnel & Wightlink have fantastic deals for foot passengers from Southampton & Portsmouth Harbour. how to find agates on the beach To answer the question and find out how far is Newport (Isle of Wight) from Southampton you need to check out the map below and look up the table. Driving distance from Newport (Isle of Wight) to Southampton is 0 miles or 0 km by car.
When you are trying to stick to a holiday budget and need to find flights to Isle of Wight, Ebookers is your one-stop shop. You will also find hotel rooms and hire … how to go to boston from new york Isle Of Wight, Southampton - Get the details about Isle Of Wight ticket

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.65981
Retrieved Text: * NEVER CLAMP glass plate to bed. It will cause warping of the glass plate. Yes glass warps and bends, look it up. The silicone will keep it in place no problem.
* NEVER CLAMP glass plate to bed. It will cause warping of the glass plate. Yes glass warps and bends, look it up. The silicone sheet will keep it in place no problem.
*One corner of the print plate is marked 'Front Right' and is blacked in on it's height. When facing the printer, this corner goes to corner that is on the right-hand side and is closest to you.
*One corner of the print plate is marked 'Front Right' and is blacked in a little around the corner. When facing the printer, this corner goes to corner that is on the right-hand side and is closest to you (duh, but just to be sure...).
* PEI sheet is prep-free surface for ABS and PLA, hot or cold. If you have another material, check first to make sure it will work on PEI. If not, then put tape on top of the sheet and then glue/hairspray/whatever.
* Clean PEI sheet with 85% Isopropyl Alcohol and a paper towel, a green spray bottle should be near the printer. Can also use soap and water.
* The flat spatula used to remove objects from the print plate is also useful for removing glass plate from silicone sheet.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.469315
Retrieved Text: Drinking coffee in front of Hot Corner Coffee evokes memories of days gone by when you could drink coffee in front of Jittery Joe's nearby on Washington Street. The scenery is shifted a couple hundred feet or so -- that's the only difference. Back then would you have guessed that one day you might be drinking coffee in front of Adcock Furniture?
A guy wearing an open shirt and carrying a duffel bag and a long stick stops in front of the coffee shop and bums a cigarette from some folks. He walks across Hull Street and pauses in front of the Morton Theater to puff away while looking in the window. He drops his stick, bends to replace it in his duffel bag, and slowly continues uphill.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.380589
Retrieved Text: U bends kitchen sink correctly » Kitchens have transformed a lot within the last few years. Technological progress and various lifestyles have caused kitchen areas to look very different than they used to. New designs had to be created to support the present day kitchen. Kitchens were used only to preparing meals for the family. Nowadays, U Bends Kitchen Sink kitchen is the perfect space for most of any family’s activities.
Waste Trap Universal Bath Basin Flexible Pipe from U Bends Kitchen Sink, Bring it along with you when shopping for drapes or any other designing components via from: ebay.co.uk.
SANITARY DRAINAGE SYSTEM INSTALLATION REQUIREMENTS from U Bends Kitchen Sink, Bring it along with you when buying window curtains or other decorating components got from: homeownersnetwork.com.
U bends kitchen sink correctly » Kitchens can sometimes be used to welcome friends and allows the number to easily treat their guests to a treat before the meal is ready. These different uses for kitchen areas have triggered new trends to surface in designs. The kitchen remodeling market is truly a very interesting business enterprise for a number of home improvement companies.
Komt alweer een man bij de dokter De Moppentrommel from U Bends Kitchen Sink, Bring it together with you when buying drapes or some other designing components screenshot sourced from: chauffeursforum.nl.
plumbing Is it wrong to connect multiple J bends traps from U Bends Kitchen Sink, Bring it along when searching for window curtains or some other beautifying supplies picture sourced from: diy.stackexchange.com.
U bends kitchen sink correctly » You need to take

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.342113
Retrieved Text: Multi-platinum artist and Queen front man Adam Lambert has been announced as a judge on The X Factor Australia.
Adam will join previously announced judges Iggy Azalea and Guy Sebastian to help discover Australia’s next singing sensation.
Adam has had a busy few years, his latest album ’The Original High’ was a top 3 worldwide album which took his career sales to over 3 million and was supported by a worldwide tour. His side by side career as Queen’s lead singer has seen him tour the world with the legendary British band garnering rave reviews wherever they go from Australia to the US to the UK, and most recently headlining the Isle of Wight Festival and other music festivals across Europe.
Later this year, as well as his judging role on The X Factor Australia, Adam will be starring as Eddie in Fox’s Rocky Horror Picture Show remake, will tour Asia with Queen, and will be recording the follow up to ’The Original High' with executive producers Max Martin and Shellback.

================



======= Instance Index 1706 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A couple of men are competiting in a pit outdoors. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: drill across the sand in the center to find with their shovels.

Ending 2: stand on blocks of wood, using axes.

Ending 3: pose for pictures that are being displayed at various points in the spectator game.

Ending 4: are assembling drums, which they use to sound the drums and play them.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.456175
Retrieved Text: Have space? Can play! A horseshoe pit is the ideal thing to have if you have some space in your backyard and love playing outdoors. If you have guests over regularly, then pitching horseshoes will serve to keep everybody happily entertained. How do you go about making a good pit? By following these steps to learn measurements and more!
Measurements are critical for making a good horseshoe pit. With the space available, make a plan and recheck your design and measurements before you start work.
Clear space. Ensure that you clear your backyard space and level the area (about 40 feet) where you are going to make your pit if it is not already level.
Location, location, location. Now find a location for each of the pits. You need to keep in mind that a little space in front and behind the pits will make for ease of movement and play when there is a big group. Measure the length&breadth and mark the dimensions - 48 to 60 inches away from each other. They must be identical in measurement. The second pit must be straight across the yard from the other.
Boards and pitching areas. Now it's time for the construction. Make the boards and screw these together to ensure that they don't move around while the games are being played. With the 2x4 boards fixed and the border prepared, clean up within the border so that no weeds or any rubbish remains to hamper play. Mark the area for the pitching platform also - about 8 inches wide and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.273067
Retrieved Text: I had an epiphany last month when I learned about glamping (glamorous + camping) and realized I could have the fun of being outdoors on vacation during the day and come back to a bed, shower, and meal made by someone else.
This month I’m exploring an aspect of camping that people can do in their own backyards, cooking over a campfire– I mean fire pit.
There’s nothing like sitting around a crackling fire talking to friends, which is why fire pits have become so popular.
One trend that’s also becoming more prevalent is fire pit cooking, and I’m not talking about s’mores though those are delicious and something you have to cook at least once in your backyard.
Why cook over a fire pit rather than a regular grill?
Sometimes you might need to feed a lot of people all at once; other times you might want the flavor of wood smoke or the ability to grill a steak and pan fry more delicate food simultaneously.
Or maybe you and your friends are just sitting around late at night and you decide you want some cheese fondue right now, but you don’t want to go indoors to make it.
Whatever the reason, fire pit cooking is here to stay.
If you’re looking for a grate for your fire pit, check stock at a local grill retailer first. As long as the grill spans the pit and sits securely on top, the shape (rectangular or circular) doesn’t matter. If you cannot find a grate that will fit, look for an experienced, local metal worker

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.841429
Retrieved Text: Homosexual love and relationships concept. Overjoyed lovers hug one another delightfully, look at each other sensually. Motivated couple of runners celebrating their new record - Sportive people training outdoors. Mid adult Caucasian men in late 30s and young black African-American woman in 20s. A loving couple on a beach. They are sitting and chatting like speed dating.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.443766
Retrieved Text: Located in a private, wooded setting only a half mile from downtown Nashville, 1078 Hideaway is a 1300 sq. ft. first floor apartment that comfortably accommodates up to four guests. The apartment has its own private outdoor entrance, back yard, deck, and covered parking spaces. Relax inside as you kick back in the Hideaway’s massage chair, enjoy the gas fireplace, comfy furniture and bedding, or spend your time outdoors around the fire pit, grill, and game area. The Hideaway is even RV and mountain bike friendly! Perfect for a romantic retreat, a girl’s shopping weekend, or a family getaway, 1078 Hideaway is the place to be!
PLEASE NOTE: The upper level of the Hideaway is the owners’ space. While the owners are a quiet couple, you may occasionally hear faint creaking of the floors when they are there.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.24893
Retrieved Text: I’m receiving bits of information about a couple of road accidents this evening (Saturday, 11th February 2017) – a clearly quite serious one on the Pelsall Road between Brownhills and the Fingerpost, and another either on, or on the approaches to the M6 Toll/Burntwood Way.
Was the investigation into the Grove Pit Disaster a whitewash?
The 1st October 2016 was the 86th anniversary of the worst modern-day pit disaster in our area, the Grove Pit Disaster, in which fourteen miners perished following an explosion a mile and a half below Brownhills Common, beneath the Ring Sun Inn.
The Grove Pit Disaster that took the lives of fourteen men on October 1st, 1930 left deep scars on the Brownhills and Norton communities – and the funeral and memorial service for the men taken was a huge public event that drew massive crowds.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.905682
Retrieved Text: Photography is a great passion of mine. I'm able to get to know and photograph so many wonderful people! I feel very blessed to do what I do for a living.
Here's a little about me: I grew up here in the Gallatin Valley on a dairy farm that still operates today. I love being able to help my family with farming in the summertime and being out in the country. Growing up, the farm was my playground. I love being in the outdoors, camping, boating, hiking and snowmobiling.
I graduated from Montana State University (GO CATS!) with a degree in Photography and started Amy Burkenpas Photography after I graduated.
I'm a member and have served on the Board of Directors for Montana Professional Photographers Association. I'm also a member of Professional Photographers of America. I continue my education and training attending conferences, classes and competiting in print competitions. I will someday soon have my Masters and one day Craftsman degree! A goal I'm working towards. I'm honored to be part of a wonderful group of amazing and talented photographers.
I'm married to my best friend who is an amazing and supportive husband and we have two sweet and lovable Golden Retreivers!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.599089
Retrieved Text: This original design is made to order by an american craftsman in the heartland of America.
They are constructed from heavy duty, thick mild carbon steel and are the most durable steel fire pit made anywhere.
The inner bowl has a high temperature resistant coating and comes with a 1 1/2" diameter rain drain.
A truly beautiful fire pit. This piece of art will enhance the looks of any setting. Invite friends and family and gather in your backyard around this magnificent innovative fire pit and experience outdoors all over again.
Base Dimensions: Diameter: 23" Height: 7"

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.525679
Retrieved Text: Outdoor gas fire pits and tables are the perfect complement to your backyard, deck, pool, or patio. No matter your exterior design style- modern, trendy, traditional, farmhouse, or contemporary- gather around a warm cozy fire pit with your friends and family!
Linger long with Barbara Jean Outdoor Fire collection. Spend more time outdoors around the comfort and beauty of an outdoor fireplace, fire pit or fire table. The Barbara Jean Collection features an array of customizable product to allow you to create an enticing ambiance for your patio or deck.
Fire Tables - Imagine family and friends gathered around a mesmerizing ribbon of fire on the Barabara Jean Fire Table. Available in three sizes and two color options, you can create your own designer look with your choice of ember glass, driftwood logs, decorative stone and rocks.
Fire Pit - The Outdoor Fire Pit is the perfect way to enhance the enjoyment of any outdoor space. Ideally suited for use on a wood deck or patio, the Outdoor Fire Pit comes complete with lava rock and is fuelled by either natural gas or propane. Decorate your Fire Pit with a log set or lava rock.
Fire Stands - Completely portable and stand-alone, the Barbara Jean Fire Stand is perfect for any outdoor space, season or occasion. Gather friends and family around a mesmerizing ribbon of fire and enjoy every occasion outdoors. Three sizes and two color options plus a variety of ember glass, driftwood logs, decorative stones and rock options ensure you create the look you want.
Add to the enjoyment

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.519325
Retrieved Text: Categories: BBQ & Cooking and Outdoors Heaters.
Backyard fire pits are becoming increasingly popular. Unwinding in front of a fire at the end of a busy day during the colder winter months is a great way to spend quality time with family and friends. New from Northcote Pottery’s Glow Outdoor Heating range is a collection of fire pit styles designed to work with various garden-styles, backyards and courtyards. The Glow range comprises 12 fire pits and an electric heater option; is part of Northcote Pottery; and available from Bunnings Warehouse Stores nationwide.
The All Aussie Backyard. For home renovators with a large outdoors space, the possibilities are endless when it comes to fire pit options. With its rustic wheelbarrow design, the Carter fire pit [$339] fits seamlessly into a casual Aussie backyard. This large size wood-fired outdoors heater offers a robust design and good heat output, making it ideal for entertaining large groups.
The Entertainer’s Dream. The Picchu fire pit from Glow [$399] offers an architectural design and can be the centrepiece of a landscaped backyard. With its stylish concrete and black palette, geometric style and minimalist look, Picchu works well with bench seating.
The Suburban Oasis. For city-dwellers with a smaller garden, courtyard or patio there are smart, compact design solutions. According to Glow, many home renovators want a fire pit that is easy to move; while others say that cooking is the ideal additional function for their outdoors heater. With this in mind, Glow has introduced Carla [$89], a compact and affordable fire pit that also doubles as

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.424269
Retrieved Text: FishHippie is a fresh new company that sells tasteful, Southern-charm clothing for both men and women. While the brand does focus on the outdoors and a strong appreciation and connection with the earth and nature in general, their clothes are about balance, escape, and the shedding of social demands.
The company was started by a couple of friends while they reminisced about the freedom of living in the south as children.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.021526
Retrieved Text: A couple, a young woman kissing a man on the cheek.
A couple, a man and woman hugging each other.
A man smiling at the camera under the shade of trees in summer.
A family, two parents and a child sitting on her father's shoulders.
A young woman and a child hugging.
A young boy outdoors on a summer day.
Two young men outdoors, one with his arm around the shoulders of the other.
A man giving a child a piggyback, in the shade of trees on a summer day.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.979654
Retrieved Text: Growing up, my mom always made sure she had Valentine’s Day gifts for both my brother and me. Whether it was new pajamas, a book, or candy with a card, she always wanted us to know that we both were appreciated equally. And in school, everyone would bring Valentine’s cards and candy for every other student in the class (regardless of gender: boys and girls all received the same tokens of appreciation).
So why is it that after grade school, Valentine’s Day seems to revolve predominantly around giving gifts to “her,” while men often end up ignored (or solely obligated) on this holiday? In my opinion: Women should use Cupid’s Holiday to acknowledge the men in their lives – not just husbands or boyfriends, but brothers, fathers and others too! – and show appreciation for their love, help, and hard work. I know plenty of couples who both get gifts, or share a special date night, on February 14. But the media still portrays “V-Day” as a holiday where a “coupled” man gets the woman in his life a special gift, and that is it (think about jewelry commercials, for example).
Whether selecting a Valentine’s Day gift is for your significant other, father, son, brother, or close friend, the prospect of finding the perfect item for a man may leave one’s mind reeling. There are many gift ideas out there that are both unique and useful, that you may not have yet considered – it is wise to remember that items that make his life easier or more

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.964645
Retrieved Text: Noxious gaming are currently looking for players to join their competitive Cod:BO4 team. Our aim is to become a team competiting in the CWL and to get there we will start off with doing GB's, Scrims and casual play in between, this will help us improve synergy within the team and learn each others playstyles and get to know each other. We will also schedule a meeting (that is suitable for everyone) to go through map callouts, specialist choices, gun choices, perks etc. to be ready for pick/ban phases if they add that into the league play or CWL.
If you are interested contact me via PSN or Discord.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.911753
Retrieved Text: We create some amazing outdoor fire features to enhance patio areas, pool decks and outdoor kitchen islands with customized installations and firepits. There are so many styles and installations to choose from when designing the outdoor environment that’s the perfect fit for your lifestyle.
Extend the enjoyment of your backyard oasis by adding an exciting new fire burning feature or fire pit installation. A fire pit is a combination between a fireplace and a campfire. They give all the enjoyment of a warm, inviting fire only outdoors on your patio or in your backyard.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.896877
Retrieved Text: Many homeowners have cozy backyards. They have a patio set on the deck with a small fire pit. They have some benches scattered around the yard. There’s a nice rock path to a garden. These are all great additions to add value to your home. What do you do, though, when you really want your outdoor spaces to wow visitors? Here are three ideas to take your outdoors and hardscaping to the next level.
Most people turn to artwork to spruce up the interior of their home, but what about the exterior? How many people think about incorporating artwork into their exterior spaces? Some artists specialize in the outdoors. They can be commissioned to create works of art to adorn your yard and become the crowning piece of your outdoor living area. A great example of this is the steel sphere fire pit which is a work of art. While beautiful on its own, once lit with fire from within, it becomes truly magical.
Instead of a small deck or patio, what if you turned you outdoors space into a true outdoor living area? Consider doing large scale construction. Add an ample covered living area complete with electricity, lighting and fans. Include a built-in fireplace and barbecue. Leave room for designer furniture to complement the style you bring to your outdoor space.
Water features are great for outdoor spaces. Pools are also a great addition. If you want to wow, though, consider combining the two. Imagine a rock face next to your pool with a waterfall that feeds directly

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.875492
Retrieved Text: The Urban Series Fiery Rust Round Fire Pit with LED Lighting is a chat height fire pit made for outdoor placement. It features a 42’’ or 36’’ diameter and weighs 215 pounds. The fire pit is made with Bay Pointe Outdoors’ famous MAGMA CAST material, which is ideal for outdoor placement. The fire pit is ideal for placement in the center of an outdoor seating setting, like a deep seating collection or a sectional couch setting. The fire pit ignites with an easy electric igniter and the flame heat is controlled with a heat-regulating knob. The flame can run on either liquid propane or natural gas, you choose. The fire pit is uniquely equipped for late-night use, as bright LED lighting is prominent. The lighting is found under the ledge. Enjoy your nighttime outdoors more than ever!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.803957
Retrieved Text: Rectangular gas burning outdoor fire pit.
Add A Gas To Mains Conversion Kit?
• Add this option if you would like to connect your fire pit to mains gas.
• Professional installation will be required.
Enjoy partying outdoors all year round with the Happy Cocooning Rectangular Fire Pit.
The perfect accent for al fresco entertaining, this stylish gas burning fire pit is rectangular in shape, sculpted from concrete-effect composite stone.
Powered by a cleverly concealed stainless steel burner, the fire pit celebrates a rustic-meets-modern aesthetic, complete with lava locks and ceramic wood-effect logs.
Enjoying an impressive 19.5kW heat output, the flames can be safely controlled with the flame height control panel.
Accent with contemporary outdoor garden furniture from the Houseology Outdoors collection to really extend your interior style outdoors.
• Weatherproof exterior however we do advise sheltering indoors when not in use.
Happy Cocooning gas regulator is provided to connect the fire pit to gas canister.
If you would prefer to connect your fire pit to mains gas - please contact our customer service team for a Happy Cocooning Mains To Gas Conversion Kit (sold separately). If connecting to mains gas, professional installation will be required to install the conversion kit and the installer will require the Happy Cocooning Installation Safety Manual (included) to complete installation.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.656977
Retrieved Text: If you love entertaining your friends and family outdoors, you will love this amazing DIY fire pit project. A fantastic fire pit is something that can be used year round! Fall and winter nights can still be spent outdoors, with everyone huddled around a nice fire. And in summertime, many marshmallows should be roasted. That might even be a law. You might think you can afford a fire pit or the seating required for everyone to have a spot. You will be so glad to know how easy and affordable this fire pit and seating really is! You’re going to want to get started on yours immediately. First things first, you need to figure out where you want your fire pit. Going to need to dig up the perfect spot to make room for the build. Make a list and go shopping for all of your supplies! Set up the plan for the pit and the seating and you are ready to begin getting ready to build your backyard hang out! Once you get The actual pit built, with your sand and gravel at the bottom and the stones built up into a nice pit, you need to lay down the landscaping fabric to start on your seating area. You can also make a path leading to the back porch and be sure to lay down fabric for it as well. Feel it all in with gravel and smooth it out! This is when everything starts to take shape. Adirondack chairs are the perfect ones to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.633389
Retrieved Text: Globe Fire Pit Home Interior | Parrisislandosc globe fire pit australia. pittsfield nh globe fire jobs. globe fire pit for sale.
Magnificent Globe Fire Pit In Africa Better Living Outdoors. Best Choice Of Globe Fire Pit At Third Rock Art. Amazing Globe Fire Pit At The Cast Iron 80cm Dia Rust Pits Direct. Amazing Globe Fire Pit Of Steel Bowl Ball Features Deer And. Picturesque Globe Fire Pit At Dragon Better Living Outdoors. Entranching Globe Fire Pit On Fireball Pits Loon 37 5 Inch 3715DL The. Elegant Globe Fire Pit Of Lifestyle Earth Black Firepit Firepits The. Romantic Globe Fire Pit On Winter Woods Sphere Design Your Own. Entranching Globe Fire Pit Of Garden Outdoor Metal Sphere World Map Pits Buy. Spacious Globe Fire Pit At Art Third Rock Shaped 36 Handcrafted Carbon Steel. Impressing Globe Fire Pit In Art Mother Earth 8 Foot Of The ME. Astounding Globe Fire Pit In Planet Earth DudeIWantThat Com. Luxurious Globe Fire Pit On STORE. Tremendeous Globe Fire Pit On Fireball Pits Farm 37 5 Inch 3715FA The. Luxurious Globe Fire Pit On 2018 New Design Durable For Garden Treasure Buy.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.577255
Retrieved Text: While many people may think of clambakes as a singularly fall type of party, in New England clambakes happen all summer long. When you are looking for an innovative way to entertain your closest friends and family, consider a clambake.
A clambake can be as simple or as elaborate as you’d like. The perfect evening starts with ambiance enhancing decorations. Akron caterers suggest using shells, candles, and fishing nets to decorate your party area. Tables can be covered with red checkered table cloths or can simply be covered with plastic and then a layer of newspaper for a more rustic New England style event.
The menu at a clambake is the most important part of the evening. When asked, caterers in Cleveland suggest that you think of a clambake as part BBQ and part seafood party. The menu can be as simple as your favorite variety of clams, along with baked potatoes, cornbread and salad, or can reflect a more sophisticated aesthetic. When professional Akron caterers host clambakes, they may include everything from appetizers of heirloom tomatoes and homemade mozzarella cubes or a rich clam chowder, to preparing whole lobsters or crabs and a variety of pasta salads, coleslaw and grilled corn with spiced butter. For dessert, choose something that is light enough to go with the seafood choices you have made. Selections such as fruit pies and ice cream can be a lovely way to end the dinner.
Cooking the clams can be as easy as starting your grill. While many traditional clambakes in New England involve digging

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.4034
Retrieved Text: A fire pit or a fireplace- Spend hours toasting s'mores and enjoying the warmth from the fire, even into those cooler months.
Outdoor furniture- We offer a wide variety of outdoor furniture. You can choose chairs and sofas to place around your fire pit, or a table to entertain your family and guests. Don't forget an umbrella for your table to keep your guests in the shade.
Outdoor rugs- These rugs are built to stand up to the elements. In addition to that, they add a personal touch of warmth to your outdoor area, showing your style and providing comfort for your loved ones.
Grills- Don't forget to pick out the perfect grill to enhance your outdoor experience. Everything tastes better on the grill!
Statues- Our statuary offers a wide variety of tasteful statues to add a touch of creativity and style to your outdoor space.
If you've been dreaming up your perfect outdoor area, come see us at Patio and Hearth Shop in Greenville, NC where we can make your ideas become a reality with our excellent selection of outdoor furniture. We also have two other locations in Roanoke Rapids and Rocky Mount, NC.
Switch your outdoor lights to LED bulbs. Studies show that LED lights attract less bugs than traditional light bulbs.
A natural and easy remedy for mosquitoes is to place a chopped onion in a bowl of water. If you place this near your outdoor sitting area, it will naturally repel those pesky mosquitoes.
If you're planning on heading outdoors, skip the cologne, perfume, and scented lotions. These smells draw

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.195751
Retrieved Text: NOTE: Racing will be on SUNDAY, July 1 ONLY. SUPcross and Hydroflight will be competiting on SATURDAY, June 30th.
EVENT REGISTRATION: Pro Watercross has partnered with RoomRoster for the 2018-2019 race season. The RoomRoster platform has been custom built to manage registrations, tour & championship communications, official roster uploads and hotel reservations for your travel.
RoomRoster has worked closely with Pro Watercross to provide the best options on amenities, value and location at athlete-friendly hotels. Pro Watercross Events are STAY to PLAY events and hotel should be booked through RoomRoster as part of the event.
All competitor's personal watercrafts will be required to carry the Nevada Aquatic Invasive Species (AIS) decal at the cost of $20 per boat. Decals can be purchased on site on TBA at the Gazebo.
These decals can be purchased online or you can purchase directly from the Nevada Department of Wildlife (NDOW) onsite at Sparks Marina Park. The NDOW will be located at the park's gazebo over the course of the event weekend. If you choose to buy a decal online, you MUST bring the receipt of purchase showing your assigned decal number.
The NDOW will also be on site to perform free-of-charge watercraft aquatic invasive species removal and certify boats. Spark’s Parks Dept will be providing a place for the “cleaning rover” at the Sparks Marina Boat Ramp. The service will be available for watercraft entering and when exiting the marina.
The fine for NOT having an AIS decal is $100 per vessel.
FUEL ZONE: Fuel must be stored within the fuel area or stored properly in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.123001
Retrieved Text: Shop chimineas, outdoor fireplaces, gas fire pits, outdoor fireplace kits and more. Endless Summer 34-in W Oil Rubbed Bronze Steel Wood-Burning Fire Pit.
Find the best prices on Lowe's fire pits at Shop Better Homes & Gardens.. Bali 28-In W 50000-Btu Black Steel Propane Gas Fire Pit Srgf11634. Bali Bali 28-In .
Well, fear not because this design is another simple one. So if you stand a chance at building a fire pit, this one might be the one. Cut yourself some slack, check .
This firepit, in ground, can be covered up with a large piece of slate when not in use if you have a small yard. Put some. These fire pit ideas and designs will transform your backyard. Check out. . Easy In-Ground DIY Brick Fire Pit. One-day .
Discover design ideas and tips for success with in ground fire pits from the. be as simple as a hole dug in soil or as complex as a fire brick-lined pit built into a .
Other types of fire pits can be built from kits and traditional retaining wall blocks. See Fire Pit Ideas to learn how to build these styles. For our pit, we used cast .
They're great for making s'mores and they give you that great outdoors feeling in the. Here's 33 DIY fire pit ideas and tutorials to help you get those DIY juices flowingâ€¦. #30 Quick and Easy Fire Pit. fire pit 31. #31 In the Ground Fire Pit.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.116943
Retrieved Text: Today’s parents have so many different options for their children to entertain themselves. Even when people have small babies, there are toys that will allow them to learn their colors and play at the same time. This is one of the main reasons why Ball Pits are so popular today and are available in so many different shapes and sizes. So, for those people who are looking for one of the best options for their kids, here are the Top 10 Best Ball Pits for Kids.
The Kuuqa Kids Ball Pit Ball Tent Toddler Ball Pit with Basketball Hoop and Zippered Storage Bag for Toddlers 4 Ft/120CM (Balls not Included) has been designed to be a great resource for moms to use when they want to teach their children in an entertaining atmosphere. So, it has been designed to give children their independence, while also giving them the opportunity to recognize the differences between colors.
Children can play in their Pit ball tent environments outdoors and indoors too.
Easy for parents to clean-up after playing so this area can stay sanitized at all times.
The Kuuqa Kids Ball Pit Ball Tent Toddler Ball Pit with Basketball Hoop and Zippered Storage Bag for Toddlers 4 Ft/120CM (Balls not Included) is designed with a number of different purposes in mind. So, parents with small babies can take advantage of the educational opportunities that it offers, including improving the baby’s ability to begin to coordinate themselves independently and play with others.
Made of soft waterproof materials so it is easy for parents to keep

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.042574
Retrieved Text: Garden incinerators & Fire Pits are proud to offer the excellent Centurion Supports Nusku Luxurious And Premium Multi-functional Black With Ceramic Tiles 360 Outdoor Garden Patio Heater Round Fire Pit Brazier.
With so many available recently, it is good to have a make you can recognise. The Centurion Supports Nusku Luxurious And Premium Multi-functional Black With Ceramic Tiles 360 Outdoor Garden Patio Heater Round Fire Pit Brazier is certainly that and will be a excellent purchase.
For this price, the Centurion Supports Nusku Luxurious And Premium Multi-functional Black With Ceramic Tiles 360 Outdoor Garden Patio Heater Round Fire Pit Brazier comes highly recommended and is a popular choice for most people. Centurion Supports have added some excellent touches and this means good value for money.
The ever so luxurious Centurion Supports Nusku is a multi-functional 3 in 1 Metal Fire Pit, beautifully completed with ceramic tiles and finished in black. It features a 360 design, elegant steel finish and a heat resistance bowl. As a fire pit, it is ideal for cool evenings, and provides warmth and light to a cozy ambiance. Whether it be a social gathering, romantic occasion, dinner party or just a sit down, the Nusku is suitable for any event. It can also be used as a barbecue and you can experience the sheer joy of cooking over fire in the great outdoors. Its ice pit bowl function is perfect for chilling your drinks outdoors, making this a handy addition to any barbecue or party. Whatever the occasion, the Centurion Supports Nusku is a must

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.997784
Retrieved Text: I had the pleasure of collaborating with some amazing talent to create a viking shoot a few months back. Sometimes it takes a while to get to working on them.
Make up was by Haley Walker, who did both hair and makeup and it was amazing!
My muses for the day are Sophia and August. Both of these lovely people are avid bodybuilders. August will be competiting in the comming weeks! You can follow them at IG @augustmoonjones and @sophia_anne_mc.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.98012
Retrieved Text: Kevin Harvick started second, finished first, scoring 10 bonus points and a playoff point.
The Busch Outdoors driver raced to the lead on lap 15.
The No. 4 Ford surrendered the lead to come to pit road under green-flag conditions on lap 75 for four tires and fuel.
Harvick reclaimed the lead on lap 81 and held it for the remainder of the stage.
The team came to pit road for four tires and fuel at the end of the stage.
Started second, finished first, scoring 10 bonus points and a playoff point.
Harvick claimed the lead on the restart to begin Stage 2.
The Busch Outdoors came to pit road under green-flag conditions from the lead on lap 189 for four tires and fuel.
Harvick reclaimed the lead on lap 195 and held it for the remainder of the stage.
The team came to pit road at the conclusion of Stage 2 for four tires, fuel and an air pressure adjustment.
Started first and finished sixth.
Harvick surrendered the lead to come to pit road under green-flag conditions on lap 320 for four tires and fuel.
He reported a flat left-rear tire as a result of a broken valve stem and had to return to pit road on lap 322, causing him to fall a lap down to the leaders.
The team earned the free pass as a result of a debris caution on lap 340 and restarted 13thafter returning to the lead lap on lap 344.
Harvick raced his way back into the top-five by lap 389.
The Busch Outdoors Ford came to pit road under caution on lap

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.978062
Retrieved Text: Home : Blog : Mathematics : Can math be done better outdoors than indoors?
Can math be done better outdoors than indoors?
During the preschool years, a lot of math deals with classifying and categorizing objects into groups and sets. What better place than the outdoors to classify natural items such as grass, rocks, sticks, leaves and any other items that can be manipulated. An example would be a box full of rocks. If children are provided with a pile of rocks of different and varying sizes, they could use it to meet the early learning standards by taking rocks and sorting them by size, shape, color, weight, etc. Once they have classified their rocks, they could actually break them into sets of similar items, and add and subtract rocks from the sets. I have been amazed over the years observing children who know nothing about early learning standards, who do not know anything about math, but are simply sitting and playing and they naturally sort and classify rocks or any other object. The Adventurous Child provides a container called a Truck Pit, which holds ?” diameter pea gravel and smaller, for children to do exactly this. Please contact me or comment on other things that you know children can manipulate outdoors and how they use it to practice the early learning standards and math.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.963203
Retrieved Text: In the Northern New Jersey and tri-state area, the weather is always changing. With the possibility of cold winters, chilly fall evening and cool spring and summer nights, an outdoor fireplace has become a popular addition to a home. Many people in the area today prefer to spend more time outdoors. Between being in an office all day or during the brutal winter months, the second the weather improves, everyone is looking for ways to soak it all in. The addition of an outdoor fireplace design or a built-in fire pit, instantly creates a space where families can enjoy the great outdoor together and feel warmth whenever they choose to.
Scenic Landscaping specializes in outdoor fireplace design and the installation of built in fire pits. We work closely with our clients to customize the perfect design to best match their style and budget requirements. There are many ways to create these fireplaces and fire pits to make each one unique and stylized to your liking. We work with various different stones and colors and on different scales. We would design and build these features on any scale, whether you are looking for a small 4 person circular built in fire pit, or a tremendous fireplace with ample seating and built in benches for many people to utilize.
A popular addition to these outdoor fireplace designs, is incorporating an outdoor television on the fixture. And outdoor television brings your living room into the great outdoors. Many of our clients find that on Sunday evenings, watching sporting events outside with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.952393
Retrieved Text: At the sounding of the fifth angel, a star falleth from heaven, to whom is given the key of the bottomless pit.
Revelation 9:1 And the fifth angel sounded [his] trumpet: and I saw a star out of the heaven fallen to the earth; and there was given to it the key of the pit of the abyss.
He openeth the pit, and there come forth locusts like scorpions.
Revelation 9:2 And it opened the pit of the abyss; and there went up smoke out of the pit as [the] smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened with the smoke of the pit. Revelation 9:3 And out of the smoke came forth locusts on the earth, and power was given to them as the scorpions of the earth have power; Revelation 9:4 and it was said to them, that they should not injure the grass of the earth, nor any green thing, nor any tree, but the men who have not the seal of God on their foreheads: Revelation 9:5 and it was given to them that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months; and their torment [was] as [the] torment of a scorpion when it strikes a man. Revelation 9:6 And in those days shall men seek death, and shall in no way find it; and shall desire to die, and death flees from them. Revelation 9:7 And the likenesses of the locusts [were] like to horses prepared for war; and upon their heads as crowns

================



======= Instance Index 805 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is shown working in an outdoor garden. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is using tools as he works.

Ending 2: uses a large tool to bark out a few new leaves.

Ending 3: uses trowels and strikes a tree.

Ending 4: uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.483538
Retrieved Text: The attractive amish patio furniture great brilliant custom covers any content trademarks or other material that might be. Patio outdoor sectional furniture covers lovely wicker from narrow dining table bring it together with you when looking for curtains or any other, shop our selection of other patio furniture covers in the outdoors department at home depot.
Shop from the worlds largest selection and best deals for other garden patio furniture cover accessories attractive, interior best patio furniture brands attractive the outdoor covers price, shop our selection of other cover patio furniture covers in the outdoors department at home depot. Large patio furniture set covers soft vented lining buckle straps bungee drawstring durable and attractive weather resistant xxl garden outdoor, shop coverstores outdoor patio furniture covers to get weatherproof protection for your living space with industry leading material selection and hundreds. Online shopping for patio lawn garden from a great selection of table covers chair furniture set sofa chaise lounge umbrella. Attractive covered patio designs ideas for backyard outdoor decorating l shaped furniture cover covers boise bbq build your own extra large lawn bistro wrought iron.
Online shopping for patio lawn garden from a great selection of seating umbrellas shade furniture sets tables covers more at, matches find great deals on the latest styles of treasure island patio furniture compare prices save money, one bedroom apartment decorating ideas this possible during your search you are not wrong to come visit the web m treasure island patio furniture.
Shop for garden treasure living patio online at target outdoor furniture collections accent

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.604782
Retrieved Text: This faithful cultivator has seen generations of use and has not been improved upon.
Welcome to the back third of our property. I don't often take you there because that's where the vegetable garden, barn and chickens reside and personally I don't find it as attractive as the flowers. Not everyone agrees I know. Also it is the domain of the hardworking guy shown in the photo so I really can't take credit for much of what you see although I do play a small role in the planting and harvesting with a larger role in preparing and preserving of the bounty. The weeding, though, is all him and an admirable job he does.
There is beauty in the vegetable garden.
Here's the problem with most recipes for sandwich (or hamburger) buns. They make too many. Dozens of buns. That's great if you're having a party or a family reunion, but what if its just ma and pa on the old homestead? Throw in a kid or two if you want and that's still a lot of buns.
The weather is balmy and pleasant. The garden is thriving, but so are the weeds. I'm on summer break with the luxury of a little extra time. There's plenty to do in the garden (and you know I love working in the garden), but I'm not spending much time there. The curse of the hungry mosquitoes is holding me hostage.
This is the man I am blessed to call my dad. Yes, he's a good man and here are a few of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.58946
Retrieved Text: Allscapes Ltd are your experts in all aspects of landscaping. From initial concept and design through to completion, Allscapes offer a quality service every step of the way. Bringing more than 20 years local and international experience, the Allscapes team can work alongside you to bring your outdoor space to life. Whether your job is a small earthquake repair or a complete section overhaul, a no obligation quote is only a phone call away.
Beach Bay Landscaping specializes in landscape construction, from paving, concreting and block work, to decks, excavation, foundations, and lawns. Word of mouth referrals is a constant source of new work requests for Beach Bay, which speaks to their high standards and customer satisfaction. Beach Bay has set their sights on expanding their team in the near future, so as to continue to expand not only our skills and experience but also our reach across Canterbury, providing landscaping services from Ashburton to Amberley.
Craig Hooper Landscaping offers a total and comprehensive landscaping service for commercial and residential sites. Offering a personal and professional approach to all aspects of landscaping, Craig’s is the name behind the business and he is the man leading the team on every job. From initial client consultation, through to interpreting client preferences in design, producing concept drawings, engaging contractors as required, and overseeing all aspects of the landscaping package, Craig offers a total landscaping service.
At Deccan we offer a full personalised service in developing and building beautiful landscapes with high quality construction for our South Island clients. We work with architects

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.930187
Retrieved Text: If it is true that every picture tells a story, then this book based on the life and times of the unique Briton, Fred Dibnah tells many a fascinating and compelling tale. With over a hundred fine photographs, Dibnah is brought back to life.
Respected photo-journalist Langston truly captures the essence of the man at every turn of the page. As a steeplejack, he is seen climbing chimneys and knocking them down; as an engineer he is presented working on his beloved traction engine or emerging from a mineshaft sunk in his own back garden; as a successful television presenter and educationalist, he is shown with his degrees and awards and as a father and friend, he is pictured with a beaming smile, sharing more intimate moments with those closest to him.
This is a good book for the aficionado, the steam enthusiast or the industrial historian and just as good for the coffee table and those with only a passing acquaintance of this eccentric one-off. Dibnah captured the heart of a nation and Langton was there to photograph some of it.
The author’s picture essay does justice to the great man, is a good read and more importantly keeps the memory of Dibnah and his legacy alive throughout its interesting and vibrant pages.
Author Keith Langston Publisher ‘Pen and Sword Books Ltd.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.874151
Retrieved Text: No Australian Garden is complete without a reliable BBQ. This stylish BBQ cooktop bench, shown here in black stained timber and stainless steel, is the perfect addition to your outdoor space. This stainless steel BBQ bench gives you the smoothest working surface available and is easy to clean. Can be custom built to your size and requirements.
Contact us today to discuss custom building your BBQ Cooktop bench to suit your needs!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.80214
Retrieved Text: Patio or Deck – Which is Best? - Successful Garden Design I’m often asked by clients if they would be better off with a patio or a deck for their garden. . Patio or Deck – Which is Best? . has a beautiful tile deck, .
Decking Argos Forest Patio Deck Board . packs of deck boards for larger areas and deck tile packs which are . suit your outdoor space. Our timber decking kits are .
Outdoor and Patio Flooring Options HomeFlooringPros.com Outdoor and patio flooring options need to stand . Cedar Flooring – Much like decking, . Unsurprisingly natural stone tile is the best outdoor flooring .
How to Tile an Exterior Deck Home Guides SF Gate The Best Kind of Tile to Lay on an Outdoor Porch; . "How to Tile an Exterior Deck" accessed March 22, . Home & Garden visit .
Buy Garden Wooden Decking at Home Bargains Wooden Decking Create a decking area in your garden; . Home Bargains . The best brands at the lowest prices, with over 400 stores throughout the UK.
External & Outdoor Tiles Walls and Floors External & Outdoor Tiles Ideas . you don’t need to put yourself through the endless bother of choosing real wooden decking. Instead, create a patio area using .
The Best Tiles for Outside Areas - Tile Mountain The Best Tiles for Outside Areas. . things to consider when choosing the best tiles for your outside area. . well as a standard patio, or with wooden decking, .
Garden Flooring eBay Find great deals on eBay for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.765179
Retrieved Text: North pedestrian walk through the street-scape garden. This walk leads to the service yard, the driveway is just to the right.
The top photo is of the street-scape garden. The driveway is flanked by planting areas and sidewalks. The bottom images are planting details for this area.
Entry garden looking back and the dramatic mountain view over the translucent gates. The house entry is to the left.
The entry garden, with its ‘canyon plantings’ and wire man sculpture, greets visitors.
Planting detail of the entry gardens. All these plants were added with this project.
View from the living room to the pool terrace.
This view is from the outdoor dining area, the project’s salvaged palm trees blend in with the palm trees on the adjacent properties.
View across the reflecting pool to the lounge area and swimming pool beyond. The fireplace to the west and the shade structure to the south form the edges to this outdoor room with mountain views beyond.
View to the guest casita’s terrace and water feature. The room and terrace have views to the mountains, the water helps mask the street sounds beyond the hedge.
The tall photo is the reflecting pool with its island planter and a relocated palm clump. In the top right photograph, the lounge chairs are focused on the mountain view. The bottom right photograph shows the stylized canyon planting.
Day and night views of the fiberglass shade structure and frosted glass screen.
View from the cactus garden’s fire pit. Water from the table flows towards the fire put. Frosted glass walls provide privacy. The translucent shade structure

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.602674
Retrieved Text: There are plenty of great outdoor advertising opportunities. We wanted to create something different and specialised and there are thousands of white vans!
Aren't White Van Drivers Rude?
No, it's just an urban myth. Studies like this one have shown white van man is actually considerate and he's also well respected by the emergency services as detailed in this report which says "Ambulance and fire appliance drivers have a very high regard for WVM. It is he, more than any other driver, who first notices the flashing lights and sirens and makes room for the vehicles to get through."
How will I know where my advert is being displayed?
All our drivers declare their usual routes and that's how we package the ads they display. We also install trackers on the vans we use and provide you with a web based real time tracking service so you can see exactly where your advert has been and where it's currently working for you!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.580484
Retrieved Text: custom home theater marquee sign feature.
4 garden furniture set outdoor patio sectional wicker rattan deck table sofa chairs cheap.
best patio umbrella cheap outdoor umbrellas.
outdoor furniture with blue cushions navy patio popular of backyard design concept garden lovese.
gazebo penguin four season add a room 3 detached.
movie room wall decor home theater theatre art sconces ho.
small heater at best space the electric ceramic offers an integrated carry with digital thermostat inch infrared.
marathon thermostat hot home appetizer ideas smart magazine rheem water heater not working ho.
outside patio flooring tile floor tiles over concrete porch beautiful outdoor con faux finish desert ikea review conc.
super store hot water filling bag hand warmer winter essential bottles home heater tools in from appliances superstore he.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.562279
Retrieved Text: feng shui garden layout tips feng shui outdoor plants front door.
feng shui garden creating a garden fire element feng shui garden design creating serenity.
feng shui garden feng shui vegetable garden design.
feng shui garden plants feng shui front garden design.
feng shui garden garden garden interior and exterior decor garden feng shui lucky outdoor plants.
feng shui garden feng shui garden map.
feng shui garden garden 6 feng shui garden decor.
feng shui garden the nine zones of in garden landscape design feng shui lucky outdoor plants.
feng shui garden is a traditional concept that links the destiny of man to his environment with the right elements and placement man will not just live feng shui front garden ideas.
feng shui garden in fact feng shui front yard plants.
feng shui garden 1 plants feng shui garden bagua map.
feng shui garden feng shui north outdoor garden plants.
feng shui garden garden design ideas and tips with images feng shui garden design creating serenity.
feng shui garden how to your garden feng shui lucky outdoor plants.
feng shui garden spiritual the garden feng shui front garden ideas.
feng shui garden garden design feng shui front garden design.
feng shui garden photo of mandala consulting design ca united states feng shui garden design book.
feng shui garden feng shui garden design creating serenity.
feng shui garden garden feng shui garden statues.
feng shui garden feng shui garden colors.
feng shui garden i hope that with the help of feng shui outdoor colors.
feng shui garden garden design garden path feng shui garden design.
feng shui garden garden design new backyard garden design feng shui garden ideas.
feng shui

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.493206
Retrieved Text: As a young boy, Ernie Reynolds spent his summers mowing lawns in Brentwood and school-day afternoons tending to neighborhood properties. He was encouraged by his parents early on to enjoy Tennessee’s beauty, the same people who instilled a strong work ethic in the designer that has led to 30 successful years in the landscape and hardscape industry.
Since he was a bright-eyed Furman and Belmont University student, Reynolds has been working in the businesses—first growing a startup in Middle Tennessee into a full-service landscaping company that won multiple awards and completed projects for the likes of Vanderbilt University and Opryland; and most recently, launching Outdoor Classic Structures, a design-build firm with a studio in downtown Franklin that focuses on non-climatized areas and outdoor construction.
Whether it’s a municipal park in the city or a detailed memorial garden in a suburban neighborhood, Reynolds and his experienced staff offer significant outdoor projects for new construction, additions and renovations. From swimming pools and grading projects to irrigation systems and exterior kitchens, Outdoor Classic Structures’ services span the spectrum. Just last week, the firm’s design and garden work won the “Best Landscaping” award at the Home Builders Association’s Parade of Homes in Arrington.
With his deep background in horticulture and a unique resume in outdoor construction, Reynolds is an expert in creating vogue spaces that are heavy on practicality. Take for example a past project: A rooftop garden for an urban condominium complex that included a sweeping green space complete with a gazebo, fire ring and outdoor kitchen.
Currently, the Outdoor Classic Structures team

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.436243
Retrieved Text: The New American Remodel will be open for tours during the International Builders’ Show in February 2019. Sponsored by the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), the Las Vegas project will showcase what architect and remodeler Michael Gardner calls “a farm-to-table theme,” with a backyard orchard and garden. Pro Remodeler is the media partner for the home.
Crews have removed much of the deteriorating, nondescript 60-year-old ranch and are transforming what’s left into a contemporary design that would feel appropriate in nearly any part of the country. To that end, Gardner wants to demonstrate how good design principles apply no matter where you live.
The home is on one of Vegas’s few tree-lined streets, in an area with no design restrictions and a mix of architectural styles best described as eclectic, with Colonial, Spanish, California Ranch, and Mid-Century Modern homes nearby. “It’s an out-of-the box neighborhood populated by people who don’t want to live in a master-planned community,” says Gardner.
He recognized the neighborhood as the ideal backdrop for his goal of breaking from the desert modern architecture that defines much of the city. “If you look at photos of the home but don’t have additional information, you won’t be able to guess its location,” he says.
Here’s a peek at the plans so you can see the vision for yourself. IBS and KBIS attendees can tour the home during show hours via buses departing every 30 minutes from the Las Vegas Convention Center. Tickets are handed out for each day on a first-come, first-served basis.
Sliding glass doors disappear into

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.396358
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 05:12:15 pm at 04/22/2019 05:12:15 pm in Solar Garden Lighthouses.
solar garden lighthouses amish made wood garden lighthouse montauk shown in 4 foot model with standard electric solar powered garden lighthouses.
solar powered garden lighthouses,outdoor garden lighthouses with solar,solar garden lighthouses,lowe's stores solar garden lighthouses,outdoor garden lighthouses,solar garden lighthouses for sale,solar powered garden lighthouses kits, lighthouse solar light new lantern for garden lamp lighthouses lig solar lighthouse enchanted garden designs no finch bird feeder for powered statue solar lighthouse color change light garden , lawn lighthouses lighthouse outdoor decor yard ornament decoration yard lighthouse , lighthouse with solar lights as tops lighthouse pinterest lighthouse with solar lights as tops garden lighthouse solar lights outdoor, lighthouse solar lighthouse solar light lighthouse solar light best lighthouse solar outdoor lighthouse lighthouse solar austin reviews lighthouse solar .

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.24413
Retrieved Text: We definitely certainly you are aware of the fact that idea are probably the major aspects around constructing a residence, in addition to may be a method Outdoor Garden Sheds photograph gallery source of inspiration. Each of the elements this Outdoor Garden Sheds picture stock will show will assist you to establish the suitable pattern for the place to live renovating undertaking. Whether full and general renovating, you have still got to help discover Outdoor Garden Sheds snapshot gallery so as to get fresh ideas. The home designs that shown just by Outdoor Garden Sheds pic gallery can be eternal layouts that would not be very easily aged. That belongs to the pros which is available from Outdoor Garden Sheds graphic gallery for you. By having a dwelling like within Outdoor Garden Sheds graphic gallery, you can expect to usually feel the clean feeling while you are from home. You will be able to reproduce your suggestions involving Outdoor Garden Sheds photograph stock entirely possibly partly to check this suggestions that you already have got. You have got to look closely at every imagine obtainable Outdoor Garden Sheds picture collection properly for any great number of drive.
If you need a completely unique glance, you will be able to combine several brands of Outdoor Garden Sheds pic gallery. You will find that you will find a great deal of inspirations coming from incredible Outdoor Garden Sheds photograph gallery freely. Most people must go with the concept of Outdoor Garden Sheds photo stock that can meet the home.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.230875
Retrieved Text: Lovely country cottage on an Isle of Man estate near Castletown with outdoor seating areas, free WiFi, open plan living space and fully fitted kitchen. Welcome pack. Sleeps 2.
Lovely single storey detached cottage near Lytham sleeping two and set within its own grounds. Garden, patio and attractive outdoor furniture all included.
Beautiful 4 Star cottages in the Lancashire countryside close to Ormskirk and Southport with furnished patio areas and a large garden. Family friendly with free WiFi. Sleep 2-6.
Apartments just off the promenade at Blackpool, ideally situated between Central and South Piers. Outdoor patio area and sea views. Onsite licensed bar. Sleep 2-6.
Book online with Sykes Cottages to enjoy a fun filled family break to Blackpool. Great accommodation set just a short drive from the attractions. Some with private hot tub.
Beautifully appointed 3 bedroom cottage on the Isle of Man, 1 mile from Castletown centre with a country garden, outdoor seating and BBQ equipment. Sleeps 5.
Gold Award luxury elegant 1 & 2 bed apartments in Southport within a Victorian house. Short walk from Lord Street with private parking, free WiFi and beautiful gardens. Sleep 2-5.
18th Century stone holiday cottage in Rossendale, with a large garden and outdoor furniture. Perfect for couples or groups. Ample parking and within easy reach of shops.
Two bedroom promenade apartments in Port Erin, fully equipped with free WiFi. Outdoor seating area to the front with outdoor seating provided. Sleeps 3/4.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.176565
Retrieved Text: "The Game" - Electroformed copper over resin and marine grade stainless steel armature. Suitable for indoor display and seasonal outdoor display in good weather (protect from frosts/snow). Wall-mounted (fixings are in the back of this relief sculpture). Also can be produced in the following finishes to order:- foundry bronze (antique patina), foundry bronze (highly polished patina) - both of which can be displayed outdoors all year round; cold cast bronze, copper, iron, aluminium, brass; drizzled pewter, drizzled pewter mixed with cold cast iron; resin in a variety of colours, engraved cold cast metals, decoratively hand-painted aggregates, coloured artisan concrete (suitable for outdoor display).
This versatile piece was designed as part of a series of nine lifesize copper nudes, depicting different moments in the story of Voltaire's 'Candide', reflecting the hero's obsession with the lady Cunégonde. His passionate desire for the sensual object of his attention makes it hard for him to focus on her as a complete person, and so he is teased with fleeting fantasies of her body in fractured form as his obsession moves around her body until he finally unites with her. This sensual sculpture, reflects a rather cheeky moment when the heroine is coyly aware of Candide watching her bathing, and is pretending to be shy.
The original (shown here) in electroformed copper with a multi-tonal antiqued patina is a one of a kind piece, priced at £6000 (not including delivery/installation if required). Based on a cast of a living model of 5'8" in height, the dimensions of this piece as a complete ensemble

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.145918
Retrieved Text: A small procession of four people, three umbrellas and a tray of enormous almond croissants makes its way through the rain in search of a good place to camp in Chelsea Physic Garden.
Monty Don has been shown a first-floor office set aside for this interview but, being above all else a man of the soil, he prefers the offer of the fernery, a Victorian greenhouse on the other side of the enclosed garden. It is suitably damp and we sit in an atmosphere of transpiring plants, almost knee to knee, while the rain plops and gurgles outside.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.114262
Retrieved Text: Want to add some new assemblies to your garden or patio? Are you looking for some pleasuring outdoor projects for your patio? If yes, then this woodworking project category is dedicated to you for building some useful pieces of wood and add them to your garden.
UC Riverside Receives Federal Funds for Environmental Projects – Two research teams at UC Riverside were each awarded $15,000 in federal funds for projects focused.
to reduce indoor and outdoor pollutants produced by wood stoves, according to the EPA.
Introduction to Woodworking Projects and Gallery. Part of the Workshop Companion, a collection of information on wood, woodwork, woodworking skills, woodworking materials, and woodworking plans that together form the core knowledge needed by woodworkers, furniture makers, cabinetmakers, turners, and other practioners of the wood arts to become competent craftsmen.
Just in time for warm weather, our March eMag covers outdoor projects. It starts out with a porch swing build by David Thiel and Steve Shanesy. After that, the eMag moves on to outdoor planters, trellises and my personal favorite, a boomerang. You heard me right, a boomerang.
Outdoor Wood Projects – Steve Cory – Outdoor and Garden Furniture Books sold at Highland Woodworking.
Woodworking Projects Rustic. Woodworking Bench Design Plans. Woodworking Tools Portland. Woodworking Plans For Outdoor Playhouse.
THE Free Woodworking Plans and Projects Resource since 1998. Updated daily. Furniture Garden Outdoor Furniture Chairs Garden Outdoor Furniture Lounge Chairs Garden Raised Beds Garden.
Jan 01, 2019 · Outdoor finishes have one thing in common; they all require maintenance. Of course, paint is unequaled at protecting the wood from its

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.091238
Retrieved Text: gazebo 16x16 gazebo 16x16 gazebo tent 8 x screened 16x16 gazebo 16 x 16 pop up with 16 x 16 gazebo canopy x gazebo pavilion x gazebo plans x wood gazebo x gazebo hip roof pavilion x screened gazebo x aluminum gazebo.
gazebo 16x16 16x16 timber frame plan the working man pinterest frame shed plans and shed x cedar pergola design how tos and material list x cedar pergola design.
gazebo 16x16 true shelter 10 x 20 car canopy gazebo tent cover 8 legs steel frame x gazebo compare prices at nextag trademark art gazebo i framed photographic print.
gazebo 16x16 16x16 gazebo vinyl pavilion fort and areas 16 x 16 aluminum gazebo 16x16 gazebo plans weddings x canopy rental in nh ma grand rental station djangodbmodelsfieldsrelated.
gazebo 16x16 16 shop sunjoy replacement canopy set for lgzpstb x hampton sunjoy replacement canopy set for lgzpstb x hampton gazebo.
gazebo 16x16 12x16 colonial style wood rectangle gazebo with cedar shake roof screen package cedar stain and cupola x gazebo luxury storage shed x vinyl pergola must see x gazebo stunning inspirations of x gazebo.
gazebo 16x16 sq gazebo red gazebo gazebo huge gift square plans garden x x gazebo x gazebo shop gazebos at throughout gazebo gallery of x gazebo canopy x x gazebo.
gazebo 16x16 trek tents 245c cotton canvas cabin tent 9 x 12 feet beige gazebo collection on ebay new quest colossus screened gazebo x shade mosquito canopy.
gazebo 16x16 regular gazebo 16x16 gazebo outdoor gazebo yourtechclub x gazebo x outdoor gazebo.
gazebo 16x16 gazebo in basalt grey shed plans wonderfully shed loft

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.074932
Retrieved Text: This bespoke rustic oak garden table is handcrafted from a solid rustic oak beams.
These tables are 4 beams wide and not 5 as shown in the picture.
This handmade rustic pedestal table is a perfect addition to your garden space to entertain your guests.
The garden table is finished in an oil for added outdoor protection.
The oak beam will crack split and shake as the furniture ages, making the furniture have a rustic look.
This rustic oak beam garden table can be custom made to the size you require.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.054592
Retrieved Text: fairy garden fountain 9 fairy garden from fountain fairy garden fountain ideas fairy maiden outdoor water fountain.
fairy garden fountain garden fairy fountain fairy on solar water fountain with led lights yard garden feature new fairy garden fairy fountain diy fairy garden fountain fairy garden water fountain.
fairy garden fountain garden treasures fairy garden fountain in resin fountain statue garden fountain diy fairy garden fountain fairy garden shell fountain.
fairy garden fountain fairy garden water feature unique most basic tips for garden fountain care small fairy garden fountains fairy garden working fountain.
fairy garden fountain fairy garden outdoor water fountains for gardens outdoor fountain garden water fountains fairy lights outdoor garden fairy garden fairy garden solar fountain diy fairy garden fak.
fairy garden fountain an old garden fountain into a tiered fairy garden diy fairy garden fake waterfall fairy shell outdoor fountain.
fairy garden fountain scale dollhouse miniature fairy garden furniture resin bird bath fountain dollhouse mini garden decor supply in doll houses from toys fairy maiden outdoor water fountain miniatur.
fairy garden fountain wonderful fountain to fairy garden the stylish nest fairy garden fountains small fairy garden fountains fairy garden fountain with pump.
fairy garden fountain dollhouse fountain miniature water fountain fairy garden fountain fairy garden fountain fairy garden fountain with pump small fairy garden fountain.
fairy garden fountain best images about fairy garden on furniture ideas tabletop fountain and indoor fairy garden fountain with pump fairy shell outdoor fountain.
fairy garden fountain bronze fairy garden fountain fairy shell outdoor fountain miniature fairy garden water fountain.
fairy garden fountain small waterfall with pond pump little fairy

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.052116
Retrieved Text: man made materials benches,composite park bench planks for sale,deck bench with . recycled composite lumber outdoor bench, build garden bench using.
Garden benches requiring no maintenance. *All weather benches*. Buy online today for FREE UK DELIVERY. Winawood, resin, plastic wood, wood-effect, pvc.
Wood-effect garden furniture that saves you time and money. . They are built to look and feel like real wood, but with all of the qualities of man-made furniture.
chairs made from composite decking, durable wooden #outdoor #chair, composite .. man made materials benches,composite park bench planks for sale,deck.
Results 1 - 48 of 542 . Showing slide 1 of 1 - Shop by Material . NEW Quality solid hand made garden bench made from treated soft wood. Cash on collection.
Find great deals on eBay for Plastic Garden Bench in Garden and Patio Benches. . Women's clothing · Men's clothing · Shoes · Kid's fashion .. The slats are made of wood plastic composites (or WPCs), a combination of . Material: plastic.
Results 1 - 25 of 120 . GOOD QUALITY HAND MADE BENCHES MATERIALS USED 2"X4" PRESURE TREATED TIMBER M10 COACH BOLTS EXTREMELY.
. comfortable & stylish outdoor furniture that's great for the Earth and built to last. . Our all-weather material is built to withstand all four seasons and a range of.
A comparison of natural and synthetic rattan including their resistance to the outdoor . we will take a closer look at natural and synthetic rattan garden furniture and . Many people agree that natural materials reflect a special sense of warmth.
27 Jul 2016 . This project is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.010616
Retrieved Text: One of Europe's greatest military commanders had a sector of medieval Prague destroyed to make this garden. Count Wallenstein, though born a Protestant in Bohemia, raised and led the armies which gave the Roman Catholic faction most of its successes in the Thirty Years war. He was a cold, egotistical and autocratic man. The garden remains walled off from the town in the medieval manner. But Wallenstein had studied in Padua and its style owes much to the Italian renaissance and early Baroque. A monumental logia reminds one of the Villa Madama. Nearby is a great rock structure with pools and pinacles. The sculpture was designed by by the Dutch artist and designer, Adrian de Vries. Hercules, symbolising power, stands in a large tank of water. Other bronze statues line the formal garden.They are copies of originals which were taken as war booty to Drottningholm by Gustavus Adolphus, demonstrating power. Wallenstein's garden is undomestic, despite its enclosed character. Its use for outdoor concerts is appropriate. Yet one senses the hardness of a man whose life was spent in action and whose life was taken, by Irish mercenaries, at the Emperor's command. There is an abstract modern garden near the Malostranska underground station at the east end of the palace compound. It sits happily in a baroque setting.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.949795
Retrieved Text: Alan Titchmarsh and the team are in Dorset creating an exciting garden for a young family. His idea for the Drakes is to give them an outdoor space that reflects terminally ill dad Andrew’s love of the great outdoors and his passion for working with wood. He opts for a garden with a frontier-land theme that Andrew, wife Rachel and their young son Lucas can enjoy, creating a prairie-inspired back yard of big scale rustic wood structures, agricultural motifs with craftsmanship and the spirit of adventure at its core.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.93375
Retrieved Text: Oak Cabinets With Marble Countertops #2 Bright White .
Nice Oakland County Section 8 #1 Oakland Raiders At Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Section 135 View .
Oakland County Section 8 #4 Surface-water Drainage Basins Of Oakland County, Michigan. Drainage To Belle River Not Shown Due To Scale Constraints.
Office Ally Practice Mate Good Looking #1 How Do I Export Patient Demographics From Office Ally?
Office Art Ideas #3 Modern Stylish Office Wall Art Ideas Three Dimensional Look Poping Multiple Color Many Decorative Plants Black .
Ordinary Office Baroque #2 Exterior View Of The Gallery.
Office Chairs Portland #6 8 Used Aeron Chair Chicago Used Office Furniture Portland Used Regarding Used Office Chairs Chicago .
Superb Office Depot Desk Chair #2 Full Image For Desk Chairs Office Depot 88 Interesting Images On Desk Chairs Office Depot .
Delightful Office Drive #6 Unwanted/unexplained Drive Enter Image Description Here MS Office Is Not On My Machine .
Office Drive Awesome Ideas #9 Unwanted/unexplained Drive .
Office Drive #11 G Suite Vs Office 365 - What's The Best Office Suite For Business?
Office Graph #1 The Office Graph Exposes A Graph Data Model, Through A REST/OData-based API That You Can Connect Directly To Or Use Through The Unified API.
Office Open Xml #6 Comparing ODF Files · Microsoft® Office - Office Open XML .
Awesome Office Open Xml Awesome Ideas #8 This Is The Sample Document That We Will Be Parsing Using LINQ And OpenXml SDK.The Main Thing To Do So, Is To Create The Processing Document, Which Takes A .
Superior Office Picture Frames #3 Tribeca Short List Commissioned Illustrations Of The Actors They've

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.923122
Retrieved Text: Today's blog post is by Nadya Jones.
Are you often worried you’re not making the most out of your office space? Wondering if you don’t get enough natural light or if you’re spending too much time away from nature?
Having a green garden office, whether indoors or outdoors, can help in ways you may not have expected. Embracing the light and bringing plants, flowers, and a hint of the great outdoors into your work space can actually help you with your business by boosting your productivity. We explore it further in this article.
Many people out there may think that any benefits of plants in your office is superstition, but the studies which have been conducted in this area show some very interesting trends.
For instance, a Human Spaces report has shown that workplaces with greenery and natural sunlight within can boost productivity by 6% and even boost creativity by up to 15% when compared to similar offices without the same light and plants.
Another study has shown the effects on human health, not only physically but mentally too. Being exposed to green spaces and natural light can boost our mood and put us in a better state for work. A green garden office can achieve this even in an urban area.
Improving your mental health is always a welcome benefit in any career.
When your career is focused on helping others, the effects of this psychological boost are even clearer. If a life coach is in a better place mentally and physically, they are likely to perform better at work, build a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.884962
Retrieved Text: Many years ago, the B.C. Home + Garden Show was truly a home and garden show in the traditional sense.
I know because we used to be there, creating large inspiring floral and garden displays, as were many other great folks in our industry. Times change.
Gardening was at its peak in the 1970s, 1980s and even into the 1990s. It levelled out in the early 2000s, followed by a worldwide decline, especially in North America. The contributing factors were more high-density living, smaller outdoor spaces and changing demographics — the Boomer generation was beginning to downsize, retire and travel, and the Xs, Ys and Millennials were busily engaged with the evolving world of technology.
While all things garden became less important, the advancement in the home renovation industry — adding value, comfort and technology to our living spaces — expanded dramatically. Home and garden shows reflected that reality.
Today, people living in these high-density, restricted spaces are experiencing a need to reconnect with the green living world. Younger gardeners want to grow unique foods safely and organically. They’re also beginning to appreciate using green plants indoors to clean toxins out of the air and to create a more livable and inviting space.
Another interesting twist is that living spaces are now moving outside, with outdoor kitchens and living rooms, with plants in containers being essential elements.
Each year the B.C. Home + Garden Show celebrates these changes. As part of the show, the very popular Vancouver Sun’s Garden School, coordinated by Steve and Loraine Whysall, features many innovative and informative speakers

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.794664
Retrieved Text: Plan Do See, Inc., a multinational hotel and restaurant group based in Tokyo, recently completed the purchase and installation of two monumental Bates Wilson sculptures. Shown above is “Mara”, formerly in front of the gallery and now installed on the grounds of the Garden Oriental Osaka, Japan. Congratulations to Bates on this exceptional purchase!
Two new monumental sculptures are on display now at the gallery, Rudo, and Rosa, suitable for outdoor display. Bates is working on new sculptures to be released soon, and as they become available we will announce them as well. For more information on these two new works, please contact the gallery.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.776106
Retrieved Text: 2×4 work bench plans XXI personify sure to put your II 1 two outside screws along the farseeing sloped of this parallelogram every bit shown iodine designed this workbench and so that you could use group. Free plans for all kinds of out-of-door woodworking projects. Arbors chairs patio furniture benches gardening tables outdoor memory serving tray plans board board and lots Sir Thomas More Adirondack. Goggle box RADIO CHELSEA leave office plans carpentry imagination from SecondChanceToDream benches out-of-doors wooden diy free work bench Build this bench for your K Oregon garden with this.
Browse the act amp outdoor wooden bench plans spacer Indiana betwe.
15 garden bench building plans.
Build your own wooden porch patio deck garden and backyard settle plans Outdoor wood bench diy for Adirondack furniture porch swings piece of cake tables garden benches.
Lashkar-e-Taiba indium a material inclination and detailed Trellis planter Outdoor wood bench instructions and dim-witted garden work bench plus many more styles. Of page Garden work workbench GreatSouthernWood Garden Patio Outdoor wood bench plans free Planter MinWax pdf Patio Cocktail tabularize GreatSouthernWood.
This easy to homo body wooden outdoor bench is made from pressure treated How To Videos Lawn & Garden DIY Articles. Garage Plans Scroll to btm. A measure wood Garden Gate Ideas Landscaping pencil every.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.674923
Retrieved Text: Welcome to The Green Team - Garden Club Webpage!
Check here to find the latest projects and accomplishments of the student led environmental group -The Green Team Garden Club.
Why a school garden? Why a garden club?
School gardening has been shown to increase self esteem, help students develop a sense of ownership and responsibility, help foster relationships with family members, and increase parental involvement.
After gardening, students have shown increased knowledge about nutrition, plant ecology, and gardening.
Our school has been awarded a $3,500 from Lowe's to build an outdoor classroom for the students of SH-V.
What are we going to do in garden club?
In our after school garden program we will be doing everything we need to do to maintain a prosperous school garden. Jobs will include planting, pruning, weeding, watering, and soil and mulch maintenance. We will also be learning about vegetation in North Carolina, growing seasons, plant and soil care, composting, recycling, sustainability and other green initiatives. We will also be incorporating art, music, math, literacy, science, social studies and writing into our garden club activities.

================



======= Instance Index 3019 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is shown running down a track. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: throws open his arms, spinning around on a dirt track.

Ending 2: does a series of back flips while going down the track.

Ending 3: pulls a stick as he runs.

Ending 4: then catapults into the air over a bar.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.500923
Retrieved Text: Today was the summer carnival in our local town and it was, to be honest, a fairly desultory affair. But we were witness to a truly magical moment.
A local athletics academy had set up a short running track on the main street for kids to run short sprints. But, before they started letting the kids race, a middle aged man in a Hi-Viz jacket ran down the track, with a staff member at his side.
Well, I say ran … he actually kinda jogged. Usain Bolt doesn’t have too much to worry about. Indeed, Usain’s mom’s 50m record is probably not at risk.
He was wearing dark glasses and sweeping a white stick before him as he ran. The brief announcement before he started – almost entirely lost in the hubbub and the chatter – said the runner was sight impaired, functionally blind.
And there he was, running down this track … running blind.
I’m weeping a little even now at the memory of this massive act of faith.
Would you, could you close your eyes – keep them closed – and run fifty meters blind?
He did. He jogged the length of the track and for his troubles received a smattering of applause from the few people who had stopped to watch. Very English really.
But I was close enough (and lucky enough) to over-hear what he said to the man who guided him away From the track at the end of his long, dark leap of faith.
And so the moment came and went, just like that, barely noticed, almost unobserved. As

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.916851
Retrieved Text: Running Back boss Gerd Jansen has already shown a love of DJ-focused rhythm tracks via beat-focused releases from Redshape and Todd Osborne. Here he goes one further, pulling together a six-track collection of drum workouts from an impressive roll call of producers. Amongst the drum machine-heavy treats you'll find a brilliantly loose, metallic workout from Disco Nihlist (track four), a smacked-out chunk of tropical oddness from the ever-impressive I:Cube (track 2), a surprisingly jackin', cymbal-heavy roller from Ame (track 5), and a dense chunk of afterparty voodoo from Radio Slave (track 6). Manuel Tur's dirty, low-down opener is pretty darn tasty, too.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.970858
Retrieved Text: Dumped by his glamorous Russian girlfriend during dinner at Elaine's, and running low on cash, Stone Barrington is having a bad week. So his luck seems to be improving when he's hired to locate the missing son of a very wealthy man--lucky because the job pays well, and because the son is hiding in the tropical paradise of Key West. But when Stone and his sometime running buddy Dino Bacchetti arrive in the sunny Keys, it appears that someone has been lying in wait. When Stone very nearly loses his life after being blindsided at a local bar, he realizes that the young man he's been hired to track may have good reason for not wanting to be found. Suddenly Key West is looking less like Margaritaville and more like the mean streets of New York. . . .
New York cop turned lawyer Stone Barrington travels to Key West, Florida, to track down Evan Keating, a young man whose signature is needed on documents allowing his father to sell the family business. Meanwhile, a beautiful Swedish doctor, Annika Swenson, learns the hard way that being involved with Stone is the most dangerous job in America.
Woods, S. (2009). Loitering with intent. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons.
Woods, Stuart. 2009. Loitering With Intent. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons.
Woods, Stuart, Loitering With Intent. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 2009.
Woods, Stuart. Loitering With Intent. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 2009. Print.
|a Loitering with intent / |c Stuart Woods.
|a New York cop turned lawyer Stone Barrington travels to Key West, Florida, to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.777435
Retrieved Text: Ryan has nightmares about Joe coming into his apartment and helping him prepare to kill Gwen. She comes to wake him and tells him to come to bed and that she doesn't want to fight anymore. Ryan is later attacked by some police officers because their computer had said that his car came up stolen with a suspect matching his description. It seems clear that Theo and his computer-hacking skills are to blame.
Theo is looking for information on Strauss' secrets. He breaks into a woman named Juliana's office, as Juliana was Strauss' go-between. The FBI is still trying to track down Theo and they're determining how he has been hiding his murders behind murder-suicides. Meanwhile, Theo is still hacking Ryan's life to throw him off balance. He even hacks the traffic lights to cause a car crash for Ryan. Theo then calls him and says that he needs to be punished. Theo is just getting started.
When Theo is unable to crack the code he retrieved from Juliana's office, he tracks down a failed Army ranger named Gary, who is also a guard at the penitentiary where Joe is imprisoned. He befriends Gary and takes him out for drinks. Theo is also shown to have been a student of Joe's when he was a professor. Theo also hacks into Gwen's work files to make it look like she's over-prescribing meds. Gwen is now having doubts about whether or not she can keep their relationship going when everything she's worked for is being threatened.
Mike is still on the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.499142
Retrieved Text: A man was booked for allegedly flashing a 45-year-old woman while she was out on a morning walk in Sector 23 on Friday. When the woman tried to catch hold of him, he sped away on a motorcycle, the police said.
According to the police, the woman in her complaint stated that she noticed a man doing rounds of her colony lane where she was walking. Initially, she thought he was looking for some address but later he got down from his motorbike, pulled down his track pants and flashed while looking at her.
“It was around 5.30am, when I was on a morning walk. I walk in the lane in front of my house for half an hour every day. The biker stopped near my house and got down from the motorbike. All of a sudden, he pulled down his track pants and started masturbating. I rushed towards him. Upon seeing me running towards him, he got on his motorcycle and tried to accelerate, Nonetheless, I caught hold of his T-shirt collar and tried to pull him down from the bike,” said the woman.
However, he managed to flee. The CCTV footage (which is in HT’s possession) shows the woman trying to fight and chase the suspect before he manages to speed away.
“There was no registration plate on the motorbike which makes the task of identifying him a challenge. Moreover, he was wearing a helmet to escape his identification,” the woman said.
A case under Section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman)

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.490667
Retrieved Text: NICEVILLE - A man who ran from police officers on New Year's Day faces multiple charges after his arrest.
On Jan. 1 a Niceville Police officer was driving down Palm Boulevard when he spotted a four-day Chevrolet traveling at 50 mph in a 25-mph zone. He turned on his emergency equipment and gave chase. The driver turned left onto Marc Smith, then turned left on Juniper Avenue. It then stopped and the driver fled into a wooded area, where the police officer last track of him.
He was identified by his passenger as 25-year-old Alex Michael Green of Crestview.
Green was found near McDonald's and ordered to stop running, but he fled through the Goodyear parking lot and across State Road 20, where police again lost track of him.
He was later caught on Valparaiso Boulevard.
Green told officers he was "running because I was on probation and didn't want to get in trouble," according to the arrest report.
He was charged with fleeing and attempting to elude, and resisting an officer without violence.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.29369
Retrieved Text: CALGARY — Calgary police are investigating a bank robbery gone awry.
Dec. 30, 2009 7:02 a.m.
Police say that Tuesday morning, a man walked into a CIBC branch downtown and threatened a security guard with a knife.
He then proceeded to the wicket area where he robbed two bank tellers of an undisclosed amount of money.
But as the man left the bank and started running toward a waiting vehicle, the dye packs attached to the money went off, causing him to drop his knife and a portion of the cash.
Witness statements led police to the abandoned vehicle a short time later, and dog teams were able to track down a suspect.
A man has been taken into custody and charges are pending.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.916859
Retrieved Text: Every four years, the premier event at the summer Olympics is the 100 meter dash, the swift sprint that you can literally miss by sneezing. In the past two summer games in London and Beijing, the man who won the race was the Jamaican phenom Usain Bolt. Bolt quickly earned the nickname of being the fastest man on earth, which no one has yet been able to take away.
His talent is simply that he generates more power than other sprinters. But he also does something else that’s fascinating. He has found a way to reduce the cross section of his body, which, in effect, reduces the aerodynamic drag while he runs. That was the finding from a study from the National University of Mexico that created a mathematical model to analyze Bolt’s running form, and the possibility that he can run even faster in future races. In fact with a few more tweaks to the way he runs down a track, the world’s fastest man can cut his world record time of 9.58 seconds to 9.46. Small decrease, but in competitive track and field, it’s a big difference. And just for anyone still unimpressed, that time would translate to 10.6 meters per second, or an average of 23.7 miles per hour.
The one thing even more interesting about Bolt isn’t how much energy he produces, but how much he wastes. Only 7.79 percent of his energy is used to move himself forward, the researchers found, leaving 92.21 percent spent in the fight against air resistance. That essentially

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.88919
Retrieved Text: Just as it should be, this year’s renewal has a majority of its runners very close together when handicapped with conditions in mind, several of them within 2lbs of each other by our reckoning.
With former favourite Valtor a late defector the price on our selection has contracted, but nonetheless we should still be able to grab some decent value in what is a competitive heat.
There’s a general consensus that Nigel Twiston-Davies’ 9yo was outstayed at this track last time out by today’s rival Daklondike and if that’s true, this extra couple of furlongs would definitely not be up his alley.
It was extremely heavy ground on that occasion however and his form overall is showing improvement for time and racing, though even with slightly better ground underfoot there are indeed no guarantees that he really wants this stamina test.
If conditions aren’t something we can pin down as a major positive or negative, then we have to simply see him as a chaser who’s only had ten goes over the larger obstacles and who may yet get better.
For whatever reason Haydock Park seems to particularly suit certain horses, just look at Bristol De Mai for example. In the case of Stuart Coltherd’s runner he really does excel here with 2 wins, 2 seconds and 2 thirds in six trips to the track.
Despite a liking for good-to-soft down to heavy ground, his best effort thus far came when running third in a valuable handicap here in November on good going so on the basis that he wouldn’t have shown

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.610857
Retrieved Text: T he second in my Melanie Hart mystery series went live at Amazon late yesterday afternoon. In this book Ginger Black is in charge of the Downtown Business Association’s Santa’s Cabin. But the elf who keeps things running smoothly there has come up missing. Under Association Bylaws, Ginger must take over his duties until a replacement can be found. That means babysitting children who have been dropped off at the cabin while their parents shop. Melanie Hart thinks having Ginger anywhere near raucous children and a laughing fat man could lead to murder. So Melanie takes it upon herself to track the missing man down.
Obviously, I’m excited. It’s available to buy at Amazon for borrow through Kindle Unlimited. Take a minute. Check it out.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.502447
Retrieved Text: Hellford mentioned to me that you posted a review of this today too! What a coincidence! Haha.
Sounds like I need to watch this. Really enjoy most of Lester's stuff - Commando, Class of 1984 (still haven't seen 1999), Showdown in Little Tokyo.
Have you ever watched Night of the Running Man - it's a pretty good little thriller he directed in 1994 about a taxi driver who steals some of the mobs money so they send Scott Glenn to track him down.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.336681
Retrieved Text: But to those in the running community, that's not really shocking. Let us explain why.
Usain Bolt, the fastest man in the world and six-time Olympic gold medalist, has never run a mile. Bolt's agent, Ricky Simms, confirmed the fact with the New Yorker this week, and it shocked many (and also had a lot of people who have run a mile patting themselves on the back, including this writer). But to those in the running community, it's not surprising at all.
Bolt—who's representing Jamaica in the 2016 Summer Olympics—is a sprinter who competes in the 4 x 100 meter relay, 200-meter, and 100-meter events. To put this in perspective: There are about 1,609 meters in a mile, so Bolt's running at most only about 12 percent of a mile when he competes in the 200-meter event. And when you're running that short of a distance, you're operating on a different energy system—anaerobic—than a mid-distance or long-distance runner, who's getting in aerobic exercise.
Simply put (because this stuff is complicated): Aerobic exercise means muscles generate energy from oxygen, which helps keep you moving for an extended period of time (think swimming or cycling). During anaerobic exercise (think weight lifting and sprinting), muscles need energy faster than oxygen can deliver it, so energy comes from breaking down glucose (aka sugar) instead. Because of this, sprinting and mid-distance running are like two different sports with two totally different training regimens, and Bolt wouldn't really benefit from going the distance in his training.
"Power is a combination of strength and speed, and power

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.287262
Retrieved Text: We are truly speechless over the latest release from Kyan. Listen to it below!
There’s nothing like the pure, raw, naked emotion of an artist, and Kyan has shown us his most stripped down artistry yet. The soulful singer/songwriter has released an acoustic version of his track “Lonely River” recorded at the world famous Abbey Road Studio. Everything about this piece will bring you to tears; from the powerful vocal prowess to the moving instrumentation, Kyan has proven that he is one to watch. We are nothing short of obsessed with this track and are running out of tissues to keep our feels contained.
Check out the video of this unbelievable recording below and let us know what you think about it! (Trust us, we wanna talk about it, so hit us up on social media @GasMaskMagazine). Keep checking back for more of the best new music!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.06332
Retrieved Text: Feather man was trapped in the vacuum cleaner... "How do I get out of here?" he thought. He looked around, there was more than one feather in this vacuum cleaner, it was like a refugee camp but worse, a lot worse. Feather man was not going to give up that easily so he got all the feathers' attention and gave an inspirational speech. "Are you guys just going to wait here for someone to get you out? Or are you going to get out and live your life?" He waited for a moment and then somebody shouted "We were waiting for someone like you". The crowd nodded. "Argh whatever!" feather man said as he started climbing up the vacuum tube. When he was finally out he jumped and started gliding for about 3 seconds and then a dog ate him... yep a dog...and there was also a cat prowling behind him.
Inside the dog's belly, feather man was sitting down and then he stood up angrily and shouted to himself, "OH COME ON REALLY... first the vacuum and now this". He looked around and saw two feathers playing poker. He took a seat and asked curiously "How long have you been here?" the two feathers didn't look up for 5 whole minutes. When they did one said gloomily "Ten years I reckon... and by the way the dog's name is Buster, he is an English Staffy". Feather man looked up and said, "I've heard horror stories about that dog! Why haven't you left? You could just go

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.03707
Retrieved Text: AMBUSH®'s Ms Yoon Ahn is well known for her urban wares, and cites architecture, graphic design and modern sculpture as sources of inspiration. This track jacket is made from satin-jersey, has white stripes running down each arm and is embroidered with the brand's logo at the chest. Complete the set with the matching track pants. Shown here with Aries T-shirt, Vans sneakers, AMBUSH® ring.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.033323
Retrieved Text: Denver Broncos training camp – Welcome to Daly Dose Sports- Your dose of sports and sarcasm.
A local man from Denver attended the Denver Broncos intra-squad scrimmage on Saturday, and found himself in a position to aid his favorite NFL team.
57-year-old Don Wisniewski has been cheering for the Broncos since he was a boy, but during the practice session, he saw the offense struggling to get on track. Instead of getting frustrated, he kept his cool, and helped out the team.
Broncos offensive coordinator Mike McCoy was going through his scrimmage game-plan when he heard Wisniewski’s suggestion from the sideline.
McCoy quickly changed the play call to a screen pass, and Lynch connected with running back C.J. Anderson for an eight-yard gain, and a first down.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.012978
Retrieved Text: History: Four-star recruit from Indianapolis. 2013 Indiana Mr. Football at Cathedral High School. Led his team to the 2013 Indiana 5A state championship, after winning three consecutive Class 4A titles between 2010-12.
Strengths: Excellent speed. Eats up yards in a hurry and can take the top off the coverage. Great short area quickness, has quick feet that helps him beat his man off the LOS. Can stop and start with elite quickness throughout his routes. Has shown the ability to track the ball over his shoulder. Finds the endzone a lot, scored on 19 of his 75 career receptions. Really impressed athletically at the Combine. Stood out throughout the week and performed well (4 rec, 53 yards) at the Senior Bowl. Special teams experience, excellent gunner, who can at minimum contribute immediate there.
Weaknesses: Route running is not refined on tape, although he has tremendous upside there. Is not a guy that is going to go up and get it. Ball skills are limited. Not a natural ball plucker. Allows the ball to come into his body too often. Doesn’t possess great play strength, can get pushed around in the run game. Seems disinterested at times run blocking, choosing to watch the RB do his thing rather than get involved.
Overview: Good size and great speed, McLaurin is an excellent athlete. As cliche as it sounds, he’s going to be a better pro than he was a college player, and is an ascending talent. Showed some really impressive and improved route running in 1v1 drills at the Senior Bowl

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.994377
Retrieved Text: Along with 44 other runners, Seabrook has just competed in the Sri Chinmoy Self-Transcendence 24-hour Track Race. Ultra-running, in which competitors take part in races longer than a marathon and often 100 miles or more, is one of the fastest growing sports in the world, with new races launching all the time; the biggest ones have been forced to introduce lottery systems to cope with the numbers who want to enter. But part of the appeal of these races is that they usually take place amid some of the world’s most remote and scenic landscapes, such as the Sahara or the Rockies. Not around a track in Tooting.
The winner, James Stewart, runs a mind-boggling 160 miles over the course of the day. It’s hard to grasp, watching him plug away, lap after lap: 160 miles, without going anywhere. He could have run all the way to Cardiff, but he’s still here, on the track in Tooting.
Yet in spite of her low-key attitude, something else is going on here. The race was started almost 30 years ago by followers of the late Indian spiritual teacher Sri Chinmoy, who believed that running was integral to a spiritual life.
Diana Celeiro has come all the way from Argentina for the race. It’s her second time here. Her husband, Gustavo, acts as her support crew. Most of the runners have someone who stands diligently by the track watching, offering encouragement, preparing snacks or helping with any issues that arise, from blisters to emotional breakdowns. Some of the support crews have brought

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.91744
Retrieved Text: Here's Rocking Granny's hubby... Crotchety Grandpa. This is one ornery old man! He says some crotchety old man type phrases and like Granny, put him in your own rocking chair and he'll rock back and forth all night! Comes with audio CD that you play in your own CD player. He snores away, occasionally waking long enough to mutter something crotchety and then nods off again (spoken phrases are approx. every 45 seconds on soundtrack - video edited to shorten down time). All electric and uses regular household current! He runs continuously - not motion or sound activated. His mechanics are solid steel - nothing plastic. His body is all latex - the entire torso, head, full length of arms and legs - not just plastic tubing or skinny metal armature. A very high quality Halloween prop. 110-240 V. Hat not included. Part of the Frightronics line of animated props by Distortions.
See our second video on YouTube for a new idea! The Rocking Clown shown is actually Grandpa Crotchety wearing a clown mask and costume! Think outside the box - dress Grandpa up any way you'd like!! He can be a clown, a zombie, a witch, a devil... anything you can dream up. Play the right music in your cd player (music playing is from the Demons and Vampires CD, track Carnival of Souls) and he's a perfect fit. This is a versatile prop that you can use year to year in your haunted house with a different theme each time!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.870344
Retrieved Text: The NBA has changed a lot over the years as far as the type of players that are wanted in the draft. Big men are no longer wanted to just sit in the paint and play with their back to the basket. There is a big emphasis on 7-foot players who can shoot the 3-point shot effectively.There is one thing about the league that hasn’t changed over the years, and that’s having an energy guy on your team.
What I mean by that is a player who is going to come in off the bench and hustle hard, dive for the basketball, contest shots, and make the crowd get into the game. A way I like to look at it is imagine playing in a pick up game at the park. Usually on the court at the pick up game is a guy that wears running or track shoes. The guy who is wearing these shoes is the guy who plays aggressive defense or hacks whoever he is guarding. That is the kind of player needed for most teams that comes off the bench.
During last Saturday's game against the Timberwolves, David Nwaba threw it down on a fast break.
The Chicago Bulls acquired David Nwaba in the offseason from the Lakers. Nwaba has shown the ability to get to the rim and finish with authority during a fast break. Defensively he’s very aggressive and at times gets ticky tack fouls, but that all depends on how the referees are calling the game. He would be everything Thibs ever

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.838087
Retrieved Text: "It wasn't just that he played basketball. He was a basketball player. That's what he did. It was obvious in his body, in his ability, obvious especially in a place clear out of sight - in his heart.
So why did this coach, this crazy man with all the enthusiasm, this guy wh o would start talking, start selling, and just wouldn't stop doing either, keep bugging him about coming out for track and field? Charles hated running, totally abhorred it."
- Excerpt from an excellent piece in the Orange County Register written by Jeff Miller on how Charles Jock only reluctantly did track (actually he refused to do track and started only with field and jumps as he was a bball player) after being continually harassed by HS coach Emmitt Dodd, who only needed to watch Jock jog one lap of the track at basketball practice to know he was made for running.
USA roster for worlds to be announced tomorrow... any surprises?
How can you not like Lukas V after seeing this pic?
Cat 1 or D1 - which is harder?
2010 USATF Annual Report Is Available Here We're sure there are things worth talking about, so if you find them, please email us.
Japanese Amateur 2:08 Marathoner Yuki Kawauchi Runs 30km Race at 5:02 Pace And Gives Result A 100% Perfect Score His other pre-World Championships races had been total disasters. The article reveals the "lone-wolf" of Japanese marathoning is getting coaching advice from the Japanese federation - maybe they are to blame?
New World Championships Team Member Mai Ito Did

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.835876
Retrieved Text: Glenn V. Cunningham, 1909-1988, one of the premiere milers in the 1930s, is shown running as a member of the University of Kansas track team. Born in Atlanta, Kansas, seven year old Cunningham and his thirteen year old brother, Floyd, received severe burns in a schoolhouse fire in 1917. Floyd died of his injuries two weeks later. Although Glenn's physician said he would never walk again, with rehabilitation and personal determination he recovered to become one of the nation's greatest milers. Between 1932 and 1934, Glenn won the Big Six indoor track titles and participated in the 1932 and 1936 Olympics. In 1938, Cunningham became the world's fastest miler as he set a new indoor record at Dartmouth College. In 1978, he was named the outstanding track performer in the 100-year history of Madison Square Garden, and, in 1979, he was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.76864
Retrieved Text: I did this walk on Sunday 22nd January 2012. I drove over to Stock where I parked in the village hall car park which is conveniently on the route of the St Peters Way.
From the car park, photo 1, I headed up to the end of Common Lane before turning right for a few yards down B1007 High Streeet, passing the large Greenwoods hotel. The route soon leaves the main road though, heading to the left up Crondon Park Lane. The route then heads along the road soon heading gently downhill with a field to the right and woodland to the left, photo 2. Reaching a red brick house I joined a footpath on the left that headed downhill through the trees. For a while this heads down a stepped wooden boardwalk before crossing a small stream, the path levelling out with the fairways of a golf course on the right and woodland still to the left, photo 3.
This stretch of path leads up to Swan Lane where the route heads very briefly to the left before joining a footpath at the entrance to Fristling Hall. On my map the route is shown as heading down the driveway of the hall but there was a newish kissing gate and footpath sign pointing into a field besides the entrance to the driveway which seemed to indicate the path headed along the field edge so this is the route I took, following the inside edge of the field running besides the driveway. Reaching the end of the field

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.685375
Retrieved Text: It was a great effort by Black Tomahawk , at only his second run back from a spell, to find winning form at Bendigo on Sunday.
Sharing the prize in the Jayco Handicap over 1600m, the five-year-old improved off a tardy start to sit fourth on the rails and after hitting the lead at the 200m fought the race right out.
In doing so recording the third success of his 12 start career, Black Tomahawk rewarded his connections (led by breeder Sylvia Mooney) who have been very patient with the slow maturing son of Seul Amour.
"They have been very patient," Michael Moroney said, "and hopefully they will now get rewarded."
"He has always shown a fair amount of ability and he still has plenty of scope for improvement."
Hopefully our winning run continues into the week though we have only a few runners starting with Nordic Duke who heads to Canterbury on Wednesday.
Hard fit for recent racing and coming off an encouraging Hawkesbury third - running on strongly from the rear - the Viking Ruler gelding looks close to a win.
"The track is rated a heavy 8 which is going to suit him," said Moroney.
"He has good heavy track form in New Zealand and he is in a race where a lot of the others are unproven in such conditions."
"It is a pity that he keeps drawing out but it is the last race so hopefully the track will be playing to the swoopers by then as he will have to go back from that barrier."
We also have two runners

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.67756
Retrieved Text: (PAST SCENE) It’s Bordeaux, France in 1603 and it’s night time with a full moon. A city is shown.
A man is walking alone in the streets and seems to be searching for something as if he was an investigator of some kind.
UN CAS SI ÉTRANGE QUE J'AI ÉTÉ AFFECTÉ À.
Another view of the investigator.
DEVANT RÉSOUDRE UN CRIME QUI SEMBLE AVOIR ÉTÉ FAIT PAR QUELQUE CHOSE QUI NE SEMBLE PAS HUMAINE.
From above a scared woman is about to close the covers of her window as to keep something evil out.
UN CRIME QUI A LE PEUPLE SPOOKED COMME SI UNE ENTITÉ MAUVAISE ÉTAIT DERRIÈRE ELLE, MAIS MOI NE PEUT PAS S'INTRODUIRE DANS LA CROIRE POURRAIT ÊTRE CELUI.
LE RAISONNEMENT SAIN M'INDIQUE QUE N'IMPORTE QUOI DE PAREIL EST IMPOSSIBLE ET QU'IL DOIT ÊTRE UNE OMS D'HOMME A COMMIS LE MEURTRE. PEUT-ÊTRE C'ÉTAIT UN ÉVADÉ D'UN ASILE ?
A close look at the investigator’s right side above the waist as he has on hand on his chin while thinking.
OUI, PEUT-ÊTRE QUI est LUI, j'AI ENTENDU que LES CHOSES AU SUJET DE LA FORCE D'UN FOU ET CE QUE d'AUTRES CHOSES SA FOLIE LUI PERMET DE FAIRE QUI SEMBLERAIT IMPOSSIBLE POUR UNE OMS est DANS LA COMMANDE de SON PROPRE ESPRIT.
A close view of the investigator and next to him is an image of the past where he’s having a drink of wine at a tavern with two friends.
BIEN QUE CECI ME RAPPELLE UNE DISCUSSION AVEC DEUX AMIS À OMS MOI M'AIT DIT AU SUJET DE L'AUTRE OCCURANCES ÉTRANGE QUI SEMBLE SEMBLABLE À

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.5748
Retrieved Text: In recent years, there has been a change in our sport. Talent, which was once good enough to get you an opportunity for advancement in racing, has slowly started being replaced with youth that have a large check backing them. Many talented drivers are no longer getting the opportunities that they once did because of this youth movement.
Imagine if it’s still possible, where an opportunity is given to a talented driver, not based on age or money, but rather based on his or her results from the previous year. I understand, it might be hard to fathom, but this exact scenario played out recently in South Boston, Virginia. 2008 ended with 32-year-old Cary Stapp becoming the first American Speed Association Joe Gibbs Driven Racing Oil Member National Track Champion.
Cary is a full-time electrician and family man with his wife Kelli, 13-year-old stepson Trey, and his 10-year-old daughter Mikala. When he isn’t putting in a hard day’s work on the job, Cary can be found putting in a hard night’s work in the garage on his ASA A-line Super Stock race car. He competes at Thunderhill Raceway in Kyle, Texas, where in 2008 he recorded eight wins and 15 top fives, good enough to earn the track championship. In addition, he accumulated enough points in the ASA Member National Track Championship chase to be crowned the National Champion. More on how that National Championship is determined can be found in the sidebar.
Circle Track wanted to follow Cary on his trek to the Carolinas and watch the test

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.532385
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Usain Bolt says he is not yet ready for a duel with Justin Gatlin but is looking forward to silencing the confident American in a Beijing sprint "explosion" at the world championships in August.
While the Jamaican has eased into the season after an injury-disrupted 2014, Gatlin has set the fastest times of the year in both sprints and declared himself the "man to beat".
"Gatlin has been doing a lot of talking, saying a lot of things," Bolt told Reuters with a chuckle in an interview on Thursday ahead of the adidas Grand Prix at Randall's Island.
"He's proved he's running fast times and he's ready. So it should be exciting going into the world championship.
"I look forward to competing when people talk ... because if you don't back it up you look really stupid."
Gatlin, who has served two doping bans, last month ran the fastest 100 meters of 2015 (9.74 seconds) in Doha and a season-leading 19.68 in the 200 in Eugene 15 days later.
Bolt, who retains the world record in both events (9.58 and 19.19), is running only the 200 on Saturday as he continues to frustrate track fans eager to see how he would measure up on the track against Gatlin.
The Jamaican, looking slender in a black suit and dark blue shirt outside a reception at Nasdaq headquarters, said his race selection was nothing to do with fear of any other athlete.
"Afraid? When people say that, I laugh. I've been in the sport for years and I've never dodged anybody. When

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.521997
Retrieved Text: He kind of looks the same, a bit chunkier, more toned and flashing the Batman tattoo on his upper arm, but when he opens his mouth you quickly realise this is not the same Daniel Batman.
"I am so pleased and grateful to be on the track and appreciate that I can run," he says.
Huh? Where is the big-talking, bad-assed attitude of old? The arrogant I should be treated like a superstar persona? The bloke who was cut from the AIS program for running amok, who was fined and suspended from Athletics Australia, effectively sidelining his career?
He once called the head coach an idiot and was so disillusioned with what he called drug-riddled track and field that he sought a fresh start with the Brumbies in Super 12 rugby.
Is it some comic book transformation, not unlike Gotham City's finest switching into Bruce Wayne's mild executive suit?
Daniel laughs and quietly confides: "The Batman of old has gone."
So now we have a pleasant young man, who at 23 is a devoted father of Destiny, three, and Jack, one.
He is clearly still besotted with his wife, the Atlanta Olympic champion hockey player and Kuala Lumpur Commonwealth Games 200 metres champion, Nova Peris.
His treasured form of relaxing is to go for romantic drives in the country.
Of all the turnarounds in behaviour, this is perhaps Batman's greatest accomplishment.
"My whole life has changed. Before, I had a chip on my shoulder, but now I am not fazed or angry," he says.
"Being a teenager competing in international sport at the highest level, I found

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.443972
Retrieved Text: Nike Air Max 90 QS – Running Man Pack x Pam by Misha – They feature colorful lace, a multi-colored speckled sole and a whirlwind caricature twisted on the back with 2 eyes visible only.
Nike Air Max 95 QS – Running Man Pack x Parra – Designed by the Dutch born artist Parra who previously worked with Nike when he designed the illest Air Max 1’s. His highly recognized trademark is the use of the pink / blue / purple shades which reflect on his artwork. Check out Parra’s artwork shown on the insole, tongue and the clear icy sole.
Todd James – Nike Cortez which feature a navy / silver colorway made up of suede and synthetic leather. The focal point definitely has to be the shiny metallic silver check which is sure to catch some glances.
The Nike Running Man Package is now available at BNYCOnline.com in various sizes. Get them while supplies last as these are all Quickstrike releases and quantities are extremely limited.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.441828
Retrieved Text: Marvel had a big showing at the San Diego Comic Con, revealing logos and (a little) information about it’s upcoming movie slate.
Though they didn’t come right out and say it, the footage of Iron Man 3 shown at the Con pretty much confirmed what the rumors suggest: the new movie will feature the Extremis armor, which Tony can summon at will and control almost telepathically. The other thing confirmed in the footage is that Sir Ben Kingsley will be play the villain The Mandarin, which is pretty much Iron Man’s Joker.
Though no details were given other than the title of the Captain America sequel, the title tells us pretty much everything we need to know. The Winter Soldier is none other than Cap’s best friend / sidekick Bucky Barnes. Turns out he didn’t die in the first movie… Russian agents find him, missing an arm, and take him back to the mother country to brainwash him into becoming a Russian assassin (giving him a sweet bionic replacement arm in the process). They kept him in cryo-freeze in between missions, only thawing him out when someone needed whacked. That explains how he can still be alive to menace the Star Spangled Avenger in the modern day.
No details are really known about the Thor sequel other than the entire cast (minus the guy who played Fandral, one of the Warriors Three, who will be busy filming “Once Upon A Time” season 2) will be returning. That means Loki is back, but other than that no one knows what

================



======= Instance Index 1065 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is sitting inside a room. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: uses the pipe to hold a piece of equipment.

Ending 2: tapes two basketballs together.

Ending 3: plays a long string of drums with his hands.

Ending 4: is talking to the camera animatedly.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.588509
Retrieved Text: Inside the empty sitting room of the old-fashioned red-roofed bungalow are two pictures of APJ Abdul Kalam, with some rose petals on a table in front.
A small stack of books in front of an austere metal chair, the way he left them the last time he was in this room, the silhouette of a veena covered with a green cloth, unassuming like the man himself, and bookshelves lining the four walls — there is nothing about the room that suggests it will never be used again. Except the small lock with the Delhi Police seal.
This is the 10, Rajaji Marg residence of former President A P J Abdul Kalam.
The 30 feet X 30 feet library is where Kalam would sit with his books, prepare for lectures, and on “special” days, play the veena sitting on a rug on the floor. His bedroom attached to the library is locked too. That too has books — and some clothes.
Inside the empty sitting room of the old-fashioned red-roofed bungalow are two pictures of Kalam, with some rose petals on a table in front.
The staff are in the process of winding up, making calls to cancel Kalam’s packed schedule for the rest of the year. “We had appointments till January 4 next year,” said Kalam’s private secretary R S Prasad.
This was typical of the enthusiasm and energy of the man who cut short his last trip to IIM-Shillong by a day because he thought the original schedule that required him to rest after arrival was too relaxed. “He insisted on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.219368
Retrieved Text: I live on Milton ave in Janesville. And that part of town has really old houses. I was sitting in my room. My room is right next to my attic. We think it's haunted. Also in my room my dad was ripping up the wall and inside the wall my dad found a really old check book like from the 1800's and a picture of the man that lived here.
His name was Joe powers. Anyway I was sitting on my bed reading Marley and me. All of a sudden 10 of my books from my book shelf fell off it was really creepy!.
On Milton Ave me and my friend were doing a ghost circle and we were close to the basement. We had a piece of paper and a skull necklace (night mare before x-mas). We asked it if it was a he of she, it was a he, the necklace spun rapidly and he was 3 years old, he died in 2003 at the time I was 4. I had not moved into the house yet, and now it is currently 2010. Woo happy new year jk jk it's summer when this happened. It was a terrifying true story.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.809107
Retrieved Text: PENSACOLA, Fla. (WKRG) -- Two men and a woman have been arrested for robbing a man outside a hotel in Pensacola.
The victim said while driving home from work, he saw a young woman walking on Pine Forest Road. He stopped to ask if she needed a ride. The woman, identified as just "April," got into his car and he gave her a ride to Garden Inn and Suites. He helped her to room #148.
Once inside, he met another female and two men. He stayed for a few minutes then returned to his vehicle. When he got into his vehicle, the three people he had just met in the hotel room went with him and got in his car. The woman, sitting directly behind the victim, grabbed him by the neck, one man pulled out a knife and the other man hit him in the stomach with a stun gun, according to the arrest report.
After that, the victim fought back but the three stole his wallet, cash, phone, jacket and a chainsaw from the trunk.
Brian Romero, Matthew Gordon, and Shalaina Kimmons have been arrested and charged with robbery.
Mobile Co. residents react to Sri Lanka attacks: "I don't understand it."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.394823
Retrieved Text: A complete walkthrough for the Defending Fort Condor in Final Fantasy 7 (FFVII) including enemies encountered, obtainable items, and boss strategy guides.
Go to the entrance of Fort Condor and talk to the man blocking the way.
He will ask for your help in defending Fort Condor against the Shinra Forces.
Head down the pathway until you reach the area where a man is sitting on a table.
Talk to him to learn about the area’s history, then climb the ladder on the left to get to the Watch Room.
Once inside the Watch Room, take a peek out the window to see the condor roosting atop the reactor.
Talk to the person looking out the area. He will talk to you about strategy, how to hire soldiers, and battling the Shinra forces.
Depending on your party’s level, you can either head to battle without hiring additional soldiers in order to avoid paying for help.
Otherwise, you can hire soldiers to assist you against the advancing Shinra Forces.
Eventually, you will find yourself in a boss battle against CMD Grand Horn. Depending on your level, you can handily defeat this boss, since he only has 8,000 HP.
You will be rewarded with an Imperial Guard once you defeat CMD Grand Horn.
After the battle, go through the doorway outside of the Watch Room. This leads to a path going to the top of the mountain.
Pick up the Phoenix Materia on the ground and follow the trail.
Talk to the guy inside the mountain to get the Huge Materia.
From here, Cid will suggest visiting Cloud back at Mideel.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.24532
Retrieved Text: A room in this 78-year-old resort hotel is haunted by the ghost of Michael, an Irish stonemason who worked on the hotel in 1885. The man fell from the roof and died in the second floor area which became Room 218. Now he plays tricks with the lights and TV, or pounds loudly from inside the thick walls in the room. But there are other spirits here. The ghost of a nurse dressed in white has been reported on the third floor. Another ghost here is a gentleman in Victorian clothing who haunts the lobby. He has been spotted at the bottom of the stairway and sitting at the lobby bar. Other apparitions have been sighted in Room 202 and Room 424. Built in the early 1800s, the resort hotel was used as a college in the 1920s and became a somewhat controversial hospital/health resort in the late 1930s. The confused ghost of Doctor Baker, the charlatan who ran the hospital in the 1930s, has been seen in the old Recreation Room and at the foot of the first floor stairway.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.110853
Retrieved Text: Today, my beautiful baby boy turned 9 months old!
People always say they grow so fast and I cannot quite believe how fast these 3 months have flown.
Rhys moved in on the 11th September, 2017 and since that time he has come such a long way.
With lots of help Rhys quickly started hitting his milestones. I remember buying a “sit me up” ring and him sitting inside all floppy. However, the ring definitely helped and within a week he was able to sit up un-aided and enjoy the views a little better. He is now mastering the crawl and is constantly on the move. Tummy time is his new favourite thing because he can explore the living room and chase the doggies. There’s no stopping him now.
Just like me, Rhys is clearly a foodie and will throw a right strop if his food isn’t ready when he is or even if it is taken away too soon. Weaning can be a scary process especially when you start the weaning process immediately, but Rhys has taken it all in his stride and they’re is no stopping him from munching away on meats, vegetables, fruit, grains, baby crisps, chocolate and his favourite... biscuits!!
Earlier this week, i walked into Rhys room to find him sitting and smiling at me (heart melts) in his cot which was a surprise as I didn’t know when he would start sitting himself up.
The list of milestones could go on forever from sitting up, crawling, feeding himself food, holding his own bottle, talking to himself,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.742887
Retrieved Text: Larger five bedroom three bathroom manufactured home with a bonus room (no closet) sitting on a 1/2 acre offered as is. This very large 2280 sq ft house has a lot of of room both inside and outside. This fixer upper has been white boxed and is ready for handy man tomake it a home. All sizes are approximate please verify accordingly.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.616093
Retrieved Text: MEMPHIS, Tenn. — A Memphis man was booked into the Shelby County Jail on Thursday in connection to a recent shootout along Winchester that left one man dead.
According to police, Derrico Houston was dropped off at the emergency room door at St. Francis Hospital on Park Avenue just before midnight Tuesday by two men in a red Jeep. He was suffering from what appeared to be a gunshot wound and later died from his injuries.
Investigators say Mitchell Conrad was driving that Jeep when Houston and another man opened fire on another vehicle in the parking lot of a Dixie Queen on Winchester, about eight miles from St. Francis.
According to Conrad, he, Houston and another man were inside a red Jeep trying to locate several other individuals. There had reportedly been an incident between the groups and police say they were going to retaliate. The men eventually found the other individuals sitting in a black Jeep in the 4200 block of Winchester.
That’s when the people inside the red Jeep — driven by Conrad — opened fire on the black Jeep, police said. Gunfire was exchanged resulting in Houston being shot.
Conrad was charged with attempted first-degree murder and the employment of a firearm.
Terronce Meriwether said he has known Houston all his life. He doesn’t know why he was shot, but can’t believe someone just left him outside this hospital.
“That’s terrible. I heard that. It made me sad,” Meriwether said.
Police are referring to the individuals in the black jeep as the victims.
Last year, Houston received a three-year suspended sentence

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.523851
Retrieved Text: The ground buckled. Mountains shattered. Volcanoes let loose millennia of built-up pressure, filling the air with ash and fire. Everything fell to pieces.
He wandered the last vestiges of civilization, searching. Few had survived – fewer still would be of any use in the fight to come. So he searched for the one individual who would. Though perhaps individual wasn’t the right word – he would be a broken man, now. But he would be needed.
His search took him across the globe. He helped those he could, and ignored those he could not, though it pained him to do so. It was not his nature – or did he even have a nature anymore? Regardless, it hurt.
The plans he came up with during his travels were not his best, but they were all the world had. All he had. He set them in motion, hoping the empty hope that they would come to anything at all. Following a series of leads, his search eventually came to an end. Would that it were actually an end, as opposed to the long, painful beginning it was looking to become.
The town he entered had recovered faster than most, and already a stable collection of shelters stood, the largest two stories tall.
“Ho, stranger,” he called out, approaching a young man pounding a nail into a board on the side of the building. The man turned, face drawn.
“We’re all strangers now, and so none of us are. I’m sorry, but if you are looking for lodgings, you’ll find none here. We barely

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.253569
Retrieved Text: done there were three finalists: An American man,an English man and a Jamaican man.
For the final test, the CIA agents took the American man to a large metal door and handed him a gun. "We must know that you will follow our instructions, no matter what the circumstances. Inside this room you will find your wife sitting in a chair. You have to kill her."
not the right man for this job."
kill my wife," The Agent replies, "You don't have what it takes, take your wife and go home."

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.248793
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone have ghost stories to tell, especially those about old buildings and houses. There is something about old houses that makes them perfect for terrifying stories, imaginary or otherwise. Maybe it is because an old building would have been the site of many events and happenings in the past. An old building would have stood as a “silent witness” to many stories about the people who lived there or visited the place.
The Alvero building perfectly fits the old house described above. When MSC occupied the compound, students and the staff also had “eerie experiences”.
Robert Dungca (while sitting alone, nakatambay sa garahe) – asked by a stranger to go with him. It was already dark, past 6 in the evening. Nobody saw the man walk inside the compound, or go out. Robert was found sitting on a chair by himself, eyes wide open but he seemed in a trance. Staff and fellow students had to shout to him and shake him to “wake” him up. Good thing he did not “go” with the stranger.
The whole class of OMC students narrated that they (including their teacher) saw an unidentified man walk outside their room in the second floor. Nobody else saw the man, even people in the office on the first floor.
Lena Jill Austria, Zorayda Abril, and Arlene Capistrano are some of the students who also had encounters with the “spirits” in the compound during those days. We await your stories, please share your experience with us. You can send them in a private message to Ma’am

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.20323
Retrieved Text: Inside Looking Out lyrics. I’m sitting here lonely like a broken man I serve my time doin’ the best I can Walls and bars they surround me. What do you think is the meaning of Inside Looking Out by Grand Funk Railroad? Top Grand Funk Railroad songs T.N.U.C. Mean Mistreater Black Licorice Good And.
They’d arrive in a city, look for some hipsters, and say, ‘Hey, what’s a really cool bar you guys hang out at?’ They’d go there and play. so I was quite emotional when he played me the song and the.
Those documents show that as the company’s risky investments began to implode, the company altered its generous executive pay plan to pay out regardless of such losses. AIG lost over $5 billion in the.
Inside Looking Out I’m sitting here lonely like a broken man. I serve my time doin’ the best I can. Walls and bars they surround me. But, I don’t want no sympathy.
Lyrics of INSIDE LOOKING OUT (COBO HALL- DETROIT, MI 4/29/71) by Grand Funk Railroad: I’m sitting here lonely like a broken man, I serve my time doin’ the.
Thirty years ago, the Jewish Journal was born. Since then. He stayed up all night and read articles with tips for being one of the eight contestants picked out of the 300 people in the audience. He.
“If the World” stands out as a very un-Guns-like track, soft drums and bass grooving over flamenco and R&B-styled guitars, segueing into funk, while the closer “Prostitute,” for the most part, sounds.
I’m sitting here lonely like a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.199503
Retrieved Text: Titles read: "OLYMPIA - CARAVAN EXHIBITION".
General view of the National Caravan Exhibition. Shots of 'Sun Cottage' and 'Estate House' caravans made by Paladin Ltd. Shots inside the estate house show the lounge, complete with fire and radiator.
An old-fashioned and a modern caravan stand side by side. The old one has a sign reading 'Eccles Jacobean 1925'. General view inside this one, showing a man sitting writing at the table and the cooker. Inside the Pathfinder Tenwide 45 we see a man turning on the central heating system. C/U of the fan that drives the air around the caravan. A woman in the bedroom hangs up her sheepskin coat. C/U of the heating vent in the room.
General view of the Fairview Hudson caravan. Inside we see four girls in different beds about the place. Commentator says it "needs a man about the place". We look in a cupboard and see a man curled up asleep in there. Another man is in a different cupboard. Two more girls are asleep in bunks in the kitchen. Another man is found in the kitchen cupboard and two more are asleep wearing nightcaps in the bath. Final shot shows a man's feet sticking out of an open drawer.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.097488
Retrieved Text: Destroying everything and everyone in his path.
~ Steve Cutt's description of the animation.
MAN is the villain protagonist of an animation titled the same, that got uploaded on YouTube on December 21, 2012.
He was created by Steve Cutts.
The video starts off in a jungle. The MAN appears after 500.000 years in the jungle. As he spawned, all animals around him ran away, as he wears a t-shirt saying 'Welcome', as he waved. The MAN goes on, as he found a little bug. He looked at it, as he steps on it. After he found two snakes, he makes boots out of them, and wears them. Then he found a chicken. He first placed toxic waste inside of its mouth. Creating the chicken into looking like a ball, playing basketball with it, as he placed the chicken inside of a fryer, making KFC of it.
As the MAN goes on, he found a goat and a sheep. He first pets the goat, after he cut its legs with a butcher knife, eating its meat, as he shaved off the sheep. After the MAN took his pistol, shooting the birds to death. Then he faced a seal. He hit the seal onto its head, taking its skin, making clothes of it. The remains of the seal were only its skeleton. As the MAN goes on, a huge elephant was running towards the MAN, as the MAN took his magic stick, making a piano of the elephant.
After, the MAN went onto its boat, pushing multiple barrels of toxic waste and garbage

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.087893
Retrieved Text: A USPS carrier saved an 86-year-old man in Boulder - Denverite, the Denver site!
Dec. 23, 2016, 8:40 a.m.
An 86-year-old Boulder man is safe and recovering after spending two hours in the cold. He was rescued by United States Postal Service carrier Adrian Helwig.
Helwig found the man around 8 p.m. on Dec. 5 while making a delivery in the secluded residential area, according to USPS. He heard whimpering and a call for help and found the man sitting up against his garage door without shoes or warm clothes. The man had fallen while looking for his pet and couldn’t get back inside because of his injury.
Helwig got the man inside, wrapped him in a blanket and called 911.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.042234
Retrieved Text: Rufus wanders around the house, turning over in his mind the fact that his father died while he was asleep, and when he woke up, his father was gone. Rufus gets dressed for school, gets his book satchel, and goes to say goodbye to Aunt Hannah, who tells him he does not have to go to school for a few days and that he should stay in the house. At first he feels privileged to escape school, but he also feels disappointed because he knows everyone will treat him respectfully because his father has died.
Rufus decides to go outside anyway, so he sneaks out the front door quietly. He practices saying "my daddy's dead" out loud a few times, and then he says it to a man who is passing by. The man keeps going for a moment and then turns and asks Rufus if he means what he just said. When Rufus says that he does, the man tells him he had better go back inside. Rufus goes inside for a few moments, but then lets himself out again. He goes down a back alley that brings him out on the sidewalk. He sees some boys walking to school.
A bunch of the boys approach Rufus, and he tells them that his father is dead. One boy says Rufus lying, but another states that his dad read the news in the paper. The first boys asks how Rufus's father was killed, and the second boy says that he was driving his "ole Tin Lizzie" and that

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.973885
Retrieved Text: A man from Constantinople, Demetrios, was sailing on the Black Sea when a great storm struck. The storm's fury overturned the boat and cast Demetrios into the depths of the sea. Slipping beneath the waves, he cried out to St. Nicholas, "Come and save me from certain death."
Back in Constantinople, Demetrios neighbors thought they heard him crying out to St. Nicholas from inside his house. Puzzled, as they knew he was away on a voyage, they hurried and tried to enter the house. It was locked up tight. When they managed to get inside, Demetrios was sitting, dazed, with water cascading down from his head and drenched clothing, forming puddles on the floor. Sitting there, he still was calling for St. Nicholas.
Suddenly Demetrios realized his neighbors were all around and he was sitting in his very own house—not the depths of the sea. It was amazing: St. Nicholas had indeed rescued him from certain drowning and put him down safely inside his very own house!
This St. Nicholas story is found in Greek texts from the 9th and 10th centuries.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.839798
Retrieved Text: The voice of that young man itself was so overpowering that he had left Shalini completely captivated by it. Afraid of that overpowering voice, Shalini went inside the room and instantly she locked the door from inside. But there was complete darkness inside the room. A question popped-up in her mind, ‘Why must have her mother called her here in this darkness?’.
‘No! No!’, fearsome thoughts came to her mind again, ‘there is something malicious in all this’. She turned back to open the door and suddenly she saw some figure sitting there in the darkness on the bed there. She turned and looked at that unrecognizable figure but it was difficult to understand who it was in that thick darkness. She tried searching for the light switch but it was located right above the other end of the bed. She could not gather courage to go there and light it.
Standing there in the darkness, she gave a call, ‘Mother!’.
But there was no response. Now she gathered some courage and went near the bed to put on the light. She reached up to the switch and put it on. A ray of bright light spread throughout the room and the darkness vanished. Now she could clearly look at the figure sitting there on the bed. He was some another youth sitting there. He gave her a pleasant smile and said, ‘Welcome’.
‘Come and sit here’, he said.
Shalini and that youngster stared at each other. There was a captivating charm in his eyes. She could not remove her eyes

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.773212
Retrieved Text: Talk about awkward! Amy Roloff walks in on her estranged husband in a compromising position in Tuesday, July 21&apos;s episode of Little People, Big World. In Us Weekly&apos;s exclusive clip of the TLC hit, the Roloff family matriarch is searching everywhere for Matt Roloff and gets an eyeful when she finally locates him.
"I never go over to Matt&apos;s house, and this is definitely why," she says when she walks into his living room to find him sitting inside a personal sauna. "It was just really kind of awkward."
The contraption looks a bit like a rolltop desk — but with an adult man just hanging out inside. "Do you know how hot it is in here? It&apos;s a sauna," Matt tells Amy, who asks him to finish up so they can get more work done for their son&apos;s wedding.
"I will get everything done. I need to be healthy. I need to feel good. Give me a few more minutes, please," he pleads.
Watch the clip above. Little People, Big World airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. ET on TLC.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.651237
Retrieved Text: hd00:20Human Microbiome and Bacteria inside intestines. Microbes inside human gut.
4k00:16Portrait o f young attractive woman feeling sad and bored with diet not wanting to eat vegetables or healthy food in Dieting Eating Disorders and weight loss concept.
hd00:34SLOW MOTION: Man playing with fidget spinner. Fidget spinner is a toy which reportedly relieves stress and helps persons with ADD (attention deficit disorder) concentrate more and study better.
hd00:16The boy is sitting on the steps of an abandoned porch. The concept of children's drug addiction, vagrancy, homelessness.
hd00:10Word AUTISM with a pieces of puzzle on white wooden background. Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) concept.
hd00:20A sad worried breadbag face alone on the stairs. Handheld shot.
4k00:24Young Asian business man feeling stressed and frustrated with job and life problems sitting on bench on office building rooftop terrace. city view in background. Major depressive disorder concept.
4k00:10Pushing and changing chaotic disordered balls. Multi purpose video background. 4K UltraHD motion graphic animation.
4k00:29Close-up of extremely tired man putting matches into his eyes preventing himself from falling asleep at workplace.
4k00:16Word AUTISM and hand with a piece of puzzle on white wooden background, top view. Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). Autism awareness. Word Autism gathering from letters, stop motion, animation.
hd00:15Microscopic view of Human Microbiome and Bacteria inside intestines. Microbes inside human gut.
4k00:38Man getting bad news and looking frightened. Expressive man sitting on chair and having huge range of emotions from disbelief with fear and panic.
4k00:15Boys with disability, brain disorders And Left eye is not visible from brain surgery. He is have fun, enjoy write in book with friends at home.
hd00:26FERGUSON, MISSOURI -

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.62874
Retrieved Text: The rusty steel door was hanging on one hinge, and took a heave to open.
He looked up at the old man, and saw a tear in his eye.
It was dark inside, except for some light filtering through a broken window.
They looked round in the gloom, smelling the damp, and the stale urine. There was a pile of dirty rags and old cider bottles in one corner. The place was home to someone.
Old Ted could hardly bring himself to go forward. He forced himself so that he could pass on a fragment of tradition to his grandson.
The rifle racks were still there, but the rest of the room was full of filth. Then he started. For there on the wall, faded and mildewed, were some old results sheets.
The names leapt at him, familiar ones of years ago. Then he saw his own name.
The lad was wide eyed.
The twelve year old boy looked at the old man, his friend as well as his grandfather.
They picked their way out of the old rifle club, and soon they were sitting on a grassy bank outside.
He looked at his grandson, who was drinking in every word as he licked his ice-cream.
He paused as he found a more comfortable position.
The old man looked sadder than ever.
Memory chased memory, the competitions and the atmosphere, from the very old days with the .303, to Pistol 91. He’d heard that only the Clock Tower was left, next to the supermarket. He came to himself to find the boy staring at him. Impulsively he turned, and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.618109
Retrieved Text: WINNIPEG — A man who undressed himself set fire to his clothes inside a vehicle after consuming methamphetamine, according to Winnipeg police.
Officers were called to the 500 block of College Avenue Wednesday evening and found the man sitting half-naked inside the vehicle, which was fully engulfed in flames.
The suspect was pulled from the vehicle and the fire extinguished.
Police arrested a 26-year-old man for arson and he was transported to hospital for treatment.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.606707
Retrieved Text: hd00:17A handsome mature man sitting alone in his living room using a digital tablet pc.
4k00:20Cute Slavic man with grey hair sitting at table with document in hand, reading. Nice old Caucasian man looking directly at camera, smiling. Indoors.
4k00:27Portrait of the young businessman who communicates with friends on the tablet. The guy didn't communicate with them long ago and therefore he smiles broadly.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.5144
Retrieved Text: Rates: 69-56 EUR per night. Minimum Rental - 2 nights.
Brugge-man Bed & Breakfast provides a wonderful place for you to stay whilst you visit the delights of Bruges. The Bruges B&B is located outside just outside the main city center. The Bruges B&B is surrounded by a lovely garden is available at all times for guests use.
The proprietors can offer you guidance on places to visit.
In the evening you may have difficulty in choosing where to eat because Bruges boasts an enormous choice of restaurants. But on your return, and especially if the weather is in more fickle mood, you are also welcome to meet Patrick, who had a leading function function at the famous hotelschool Ter Groene Poorte. Through the years, he was responsible for all sorts of events (more than 45 times at the royal palace) and he knows quite a few things about wine. Or Magda will give you a guided tour around the beautiful garden.
Double Bed, Shared Bath, TV.
Brugge-man Bed and Breakfast has 3 main rooms.
The adjacent room (16m²), called Sébastien's Room has a double bunkbed (bottom bunk is a double bed), a wardrobe and a sitting area with TV.
There's a door between Nicolas' and Sebastien's room. So these rooms can be rented combined as a Family Suite. The price is the sum of both rooms seperately.
Justin's Room is a double bed room and has his own spa-shower and washing-accommodation. A TV is available.
Breakfast and VAT 6 % included.
Please note that smoking is not allowed in our house.
A child's bed can be

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.466663
Retrieved Text: A woman from Kenya has been sentenced to seven years in prison in the United Arab Emirates for pouring acid on a Filipino woman.
The verdict was given on Tuesday, Jan. 22, with the accused facing deportation after imprisonment, Gulf Today reported yesterday, Jan. 23.
In March 2018, a 48-year-old Filipino receptionist went blind and suffered injuries after acid was poured on her by the 30-year-old Kenyan sales executive, Gulf News reported last Dec. 30.
The Filipino woman was sitting on a male friend’s bed when the incident happened. The friend, a 36-year-old Kenyan cook, is said to be the attacker’s boyfriend, according to a Gulf Today report.
During the investigation, the Kenyan woman denied causing the victim to be disabled, but admitted to attacking her with acid. She confessed, too, that she intended to hurt the victim.
The victim said in official records that she was visiting the Kenyan man in Dubai’s Al Satwa area last March. She said she went inside his room to get her shoes because she had forgotten them the day before.
She was about to use the bathroom but the man told her it was occupied, so she sat on his bed to wait. The man said he was using his laptop while lying down on the bed.
The sales executive came into the room and poured acid from a two-liter bottle over her head. The acid went over the victim’s face, arms and legs.
Some of the acid splashed onto the man’s right arm, chest and stomach, also causing him injuries and severe pain.
After the attack, the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.250715
Retrieved Text: Corrected entry: Lizzy is sitting in Charlotte's house. From the outside, the second window from the left is opened. When Mr. Darcy comes in to try to propose to her, all of the windows are closed.
Correction: The open window is on Lizzie's side of the room (seen just inside). The closed one is on the opposite side of the room, where Darcy enters. During the scene, the same window that was open in the first shot is never shown again.
Correction: The hair is still tucked behind her ear, however with her moving her head a lot, it comes loose.
Corrected entry: Director Stephen Sommers appears as the man in the bathtub in Izzy's place.
Correction: Incorrect. Sommers did indeed record some audio of himself humming that is looped into the scene, but the man in the tub is just an extra.
Correction: Different camera angles cover them, mostly the one one the chin. The one on the lip is always visible but lighting reduces its appearance.
Correction: The location Of Kirks head is the same relative from one shot to the next. His head is in the aprox. same location. An inch or two does not count as an error. Check time code 22min and 17 seconds and 22min 19 seconds. This is not an error.
Correction: Look more carefully. The necklace chain is visible at the lower left corner of the screen. The shot of him picking up the manuscript shows the dress lower down, so the necklace can be seen more clearly.
Corrected entry: The two employees from Shoppers Express

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.156096
Retrieved Text: 1 // If fired, embattled UF coach Will Muschamp may audition for a role on Swamp People. After all, he’s good at killing Gators.
2 // A Lady Lake man shoots a 500-pound black bear that broke into his sitting room. He was just exercising his right to “bear” arms.
3 // Florida voters decide whether medical marijuana should be legalized. Opponents say the drug is harmful, but perhaps they’re just blowing smoke.
4 // Bomb threats were recently called into three Lake County schools in one day. Talk about having no class.
5 // “Fangate” tarnishes the debate between Rick Scott and Charlie Crist. Can’t they air their differences without any drama?
6 // Tacko Fall, a 7-foot, 6-inch basketball player from Liberty Christian Prep in Tavares, recently committed to the University of Central Florida. For him, the sky is truly the limit.
7 // Let me “Sea” my kids. A Florida mom who drove her van into the ocean with three children inside is asking for supervised visitation. Why does she continue making waves?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.133501
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, there was a farmhand who went out to work for this man as a farmhand. He was a relative of the man. He had worked there for several years, but this relative would not recognize this relation. He would not let him eat well. He just ate the leftover vegetable, the leftover rice.
And then they dragged it open so the food could be seen. They then walked away for a chat. It would be better for them to return some time later. They watched him from the window. They slowly opened the window and looked for him. But they couldn’t see the man, wondering where he’d gone. Just now he was sitting by the table. Now they just couldn’t see where he’d gone. Well, they then returned to the house. They then open the room and saw him, saw, well, saw that he had gone to the corner of the wall, sitting there flabbily.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.10835
Retrieved Text: He glared at the Congressman sitting across from him.
A man appeared from inside the cabin. He finished wrapping chains around the Congressman’s body.
Gulls swooped low when the Congressman’s body hit the water.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.054632
Retrieved Text: The grandfather clock was ticking in the living room, its sound reverberating in the stillness of that late afternoon. From the stairs, Jake observed his father sitting on the couch. He was watching some TV show Jake couldn’t recognize. Something about guns and animals and, most likely, one of those horrible shows about hunting for sport. He walked in his direction. His heart jumped and his stomach flinched. Although he wasn’t a child anymore, his body still reacted in the same way it always had when he wanted to ask him something.
Jake’s stomach squirmed again. “I haven’t seen her since I left for college and she’s invited me for dinner. You remember Britta?” he asked, clenching his fists without noticing.
Jake pressed his lips and chewed on the inside of his cheek, trying not to answer.
The man got up from the couch and threw Jake the keys, mumbling something unintelligible. Jake caught them, pulling his head back instinctively and flinching his eyes. When he opened them, he saw his father sneering as he passed by.
“I will,” he said. Jake kissed his mother on the forehead and left the house. Living in his old home again was proving to be more challenging that he had expected.

================



======= Instance Index 2941 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Person with scissors kneels in the grass. we... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: see an animated scene of nails being cut with scissors.

Ending 2: see the shadow of the cameraman over the person.

Ending 3: see replay of the nicebaloo.

Ending 4: see a mans shoes and the camera pans to a woman spraying something in a sink.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.635855
Retrieved Text: Smart shopping seems to be catching on – people are no longer rushing out to buy the moment the need arises. Reading through this article will help you to become aware of the various factors you need to take into consideration when deciding on a reel lawn mower.
The reel lawn mower is quite an interesting piece of machinery. Invented by Edwin Budding in 1830, this mower works in the same way a pair of scissors does. Reel mowers are the most natural way to cut grass provided you buy the manual model. You will also find gasoline and electric powered reel mowers on the market; in this article we focus on the manual reel mower.
- Do you like to maintain a grass cutting schedule? For example are you the kind of person who likes to get the lawn mower out every Saturday morning for a quick run over the lawn to tidy things up?
- Is your lawn a small compact one?
- Does noise pollution affect you greatly?
- Do you dislike the smell of gasoline and the fumes that the lawn mower blasts into your face?
These mowers are the most natural way of cutting grass and regular use of this mower will give you one of the best kept lawns in your neighborhood. It really is a good experience to mow your lawn in silence, smelling only newly mown grass and enjoying a bit of exercise.
- The scissors like action of the blades cuts the grass (a better option for the grass) and the clippings; more like

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.832277
Retrieved Text: We fade in on Snowflake Agency trainees Niki Lee Young and Monica Jade as they finish a long set of crunches during a workout session. Private Young suggests a KO sparring contest in order to beef up their skills and Private Jade agrees. The two face off but Niki gets the advantage, landing some belly blows and a standing sleeper hold that slowly knocks the eyerolling Monica OUT. Niki continues to dominate via neck pinch KO, reverse neck scissors KO, belly punches, a belly punch jab that sends spit flying out of Jade’s lips (with a derri “air” KO), a head stomp KO, and a chloroform KO attack that backfires when Monica pulls her in for a chloro “kiss” that leaves both girls out on the mats!
Moments later we see Niki Lee come to and take control. She decides to end it all with a giant brick…nailing Monica multiple times on the skull! She kneels next to her KO’ed opponent and proceeds to faint on top of her, leaving another body pile on the mats! Monica slowly awakens and makes it over to her trusty tranq gun. She hoists Niki against the wall and fires multiple tranq pellets into Niki’s belly, slowly weakening her. Monica takes aim and finisher with three shots to the chest, following with multiple post KO shots to make sure. Smiling, Monica goes to leave…but her exhaustion catches up with her and she collapses next to her partner…as the camera fades to black.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.819164
Retrieved Text: Point the fireworks away from people, places, and things.
Keep water nearby in case anything happens, and to extinguish spent fireworks.
Light one firework at a time.
Keep a first aid kit on hand. Saline, wraps, aloe vera, blunt scissors and a blanket will all be useful in case of an emergency.
Point fireworks at a person, even as a joke.
Relight a firework that didn’t go off.
Consume alcohol while handling or lighting fireworks.
Light fireworks in dry grass.
We hope these fireworks safety tips help you have a fun and safe 4th of July!
If an accident does occur, head into our clinic. Our medical team is equipped to treat minor burns and injuries from fireworks and can get you the care you need.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.188904
Retrieved Text: Scissors have been around for 3,500 years, but they are sharper than ever.
Permanently sharp, Never need sharpening! These words proclaim the virtues of a new generation of scissors—good news, yet a slightly sad epitaph for an essential and treasured tool invented many centuries ago. Like many early tools, made with great effort and time one by one, scissors were clearly treasured by their owners. Until the Industrial Revolution, most of the objects needed for daily life like paper, cloth, metal, pottery, ceramic and glass objects were made by single craftsmen and craftswomen and their helpers.
Many last names we take for granted today were acquired originally as descriptions of crafts and trades: Goldsmith, Weaver, Taylor, Fuller, Baker, Skinner, Potter, Smith, Tinker, Wheeler and Wag(o)ner. The objects they made were created to last a long time if not a lifetime. Metal objects were therefore incised with elaborate designs; both blades and handles reflected whimsy and art, as well as utility. The idea that their work was sufficiently cheap and available that it could be thrown away and easily replaced would have struck them as utter madness.
Researchers into the history of scissors generally agree that scissors were invented in Egypt around 1500 B.C.E. and were first fashioned of bronze, spreading slowly through the rest of the ancient world through trade and exploration. These early scissors were, as best archeologists can determine, made of a single piece of metal. They were mechanically two levers joined by a loop which served as a fulcrum.
Each sharpened level was a scissor, and the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.34918
Retrieved Text: Gorgeous new William Morris prints! 100% cotton fabrics with classic floral motifs in rich colors. Perfect for traditional home decor, quilting, or romantic garments!
It's No April Fool! It's The LAST Day of our Spring Sale!
One more day to save 10% on EVERYTHING in the store! Stop in today, Monday April 1st!
All Fabric, Notions, Scissors, Ribbon, Lace, Trim, Buttons, Patterns, and Classes!
Roberta & I have just returned from a major buying trip and are SOOO excited to see grass again! We can’t wait for spring and the new fabrics to arrive! While we wait, help us get the store ready.
Take 10% off EVERYTHING!! Yes, EVERYTHING!
All Fabric, Notions, Scissors, Ribbon, Lace, Trim, Buttons, Patterns, & Classes!
*minor exclusions: consignment items from Becky’s Buttons & Treadlettes.
Looking forward to seeing YOU & green grass soon!
Treadlette Nina made this cute, springy cotton tunic dress with a great new novelty print featuring laundry care symbols!
To keep the facings tidy and add a little visual interest, Nina topstitched in a zigzag pattern. It's such a great detail!
She used New Look 6500, a basic shift shape with a few style options.
This fabric group has some cute coordinating prints on the same theme! We love the tiny irons, too!
This week's Treadlette project is Material Girl Debbie's cute new knit hoodie!
This fabric is sold as a repeating panel, and Debbie used the wide borders of the panel as an accent fabric trim!
The pattern is from the Christine Jonson Travel Trio Two #331, available from Christine Jonson as a PDF. We'll also have the print version back in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.272137
Retrieved Text: into sculpture, cemented permanently in place.
brown and stiff as weathered steel.
broken bodies from the gravel pathway.
and locks his world in place.
he kneels in the high grass of the South Field.
On Di Suvero’s Pyramidion he’s focused.
of darkness throbbing in the light.
*The sculpture park at Storm King Art Center in Mountainville, N.Y.
Bob Meszaros taught English at Hamden High School in Hamden, Connecticut, for thirty-two years. He retired from high school teaching in June of 1999. During the 70s and 80s his poems appeared in a number of literary journals, such as En Passant and Voices International. In the year 2000 he began teaching part time at Quinnipiac University, and he began once again to submit his work for publication. His poems have subsequently appeared in The Connecticut Review, Main Street Rag, Red Wheelbarrow, Tar River Poetry, Concho River Review, and many other literary journals.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.270252
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 02:49:23 pm at 04/19/2019 02:49:23 pm in Buzzy Grow Kit.
buzzy grow kit new buzzy seeds strawberry temptation complete grow kit ceramic planter pot buzzy grow kit i had been holding out for a nice day to finally buzzy grow kit organic sweet pepper wonder seed packs buzzy seeds mini grow kit instructions buzzy grow kit.
buzzy in daisy plastic grow kit quick view, amazing deal on buzzy garden mini grow pot basil buzzy garden mini grow pot basil, buzzy seed kit youtube buzzy seed kit, amazoncom buzzy tomato grow kit home kitchen buzzy tomato grow kit, organic herb garden grow kit buzzy seeds silver shop your way organic herb garden grow kit buzzy seeds silver, tuinplus display buzzy mini grow kit st lavender display buzzy mini grow kit st lavender, buzzy sheep grass grow kit farm animals italian ryegrass ebay buzzy sheep grass grow kit farm animals italian ryegrass, grow daisy planting daisies the growing and care of daisy buzzy grow , tuinplus buzzy herb grow kit basil with scissors buzzy herb grow kit basil with scissors , set buzzy ceramic grass seed grow kits dogs home school science set buzzy ceramic grass seed grow kits dogs home school science project puppy , poop in my kitchen buzzy herb grow kit most of the soil was transferred to the trough i guesstimated on the amount to reserve by pinching some in the corner of the bag and dumping the rest.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.168163
Retrieved Text: A nymph lies on the grass, displaying wounds to her hand, wrist and throat. A satyr kneels, apparently mourning over her, while a dog sits at her feet. In the background other creatures, including a pelican, are depicted. The subject may be linked to the death of Procris: in Ovid's 'Metamorphoses' (VII, 752-65), Procris is described as being killed in error by her husband, Cephalus, to whom she had given a magical dog and a spear. Ovid does not mention a satyr, however, though one appears in a play of this subject by Niccolò da Correggio of 1486.
On the reverse of the panel is a drawing which may be the frame of a pilaster. The painting probably served as a spalliera (a backboard for a bench or chest), or as part of the panelling in a Florentine palace. Underdrawing is visible, notably on the bodies of the figures. The artist's fingerprints appear extensively in the sky.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.166067
Retrieved Text: Get into the Christmas Spirit with the help of our Rudolph Christmas Grass Hair Kit. This little reindeer pot comes complete with soil and seeds to grow your reindeer's grass hair. Once its hair has grown, you can style it with scissors and add decorations. This kit makes a perfect stocking stuffer, Christmas gift for friends and family and desk ornament.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.062504
Retrieved Text: There is a weathered crow carcass crushed on a rusty storm drain. Its belly is ripped open, exposing its skeleton. Its wings bend in different directions like broken crayons, held together by their paper wrappers.
Samantha, thirteen years old, kneels down beside the bird, staring at its thin, withered legs, running parallel to its disheveled tail.
“Do you remember when we had to put Joey down last year?” she asks her younger sister, Erica.
“Yeah, I couldn’t go in the room. It was too sad,” Erica remembers.
Erica winces as Samantha calmly reaches out and pets a clump of feathers on the bird’s awkwardly angled head.
“You know what we should do?” Samantha points towards the belly of the bird. Erica tilts her head to look, but hesitates to get any closer.
“You should probably leave that alone.” Erica checks the quiet suburban street for traffic.
“We should break the wishbone,” Samantha suggests as she touches the defenseless bird.
“Shouldn’t we get to have the luck that it’s left behind?” Samantha asks, carefully stroking the mangled feathers.
Erica knows that her sister will do whatever she wants.
No matter where Erica looks she can feel the crow’s little eyes pleading with her. Samantha carefully pulls the remaining feathers away from the skeleton, its innards previously expunged by an eager scavenger. She shuts one eye and squints with the other, digging through the mess. Erica pretends to watch for traffic, sweat forming on the back of her neck.
“There it is,” Samantha declares, gripping the “V” of the bone and pulling. A crude “crack” ascends from the bird’s

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.719454
Retrieved Text: A fun-loving couple from Essex who won £3 million on a National Lottery Scratchcard in 2016 are swapping Champagne glasses for Champagne grass. Sue Richards and Barry Maddox have taken their love of a good-looking lawn to new levels – mowing a giant bottle of bubbly in their grass.
With the help of an expert – Professor of Lawns, Chris Naylor – Barry set to work manicuring and maintaining the lawn before the final masterpiece was snipped to perfection. Sporting a lottery-win-worthy celebratory popping cork, fizz spray and Champagne flutes, the masterpiece took more than 72 hours, three varieties of lawnmower, varying sized scissors and many cups of black tea to complete.
Sue said, “It might have been the Champagne talking that day because it was a lot harder than we first thought. The early attempts didn’t go so well but when we heard about Chris we immediately thought brilliant, this might just work!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.706564
Retrieved Text: I wish they would put out more of these, I love them. They make me laugh.
Get fishing pole from above fireplace in house. Give fishing pole to bird. Get frozen dwarf. Get matches from behind wood pile in house. Light fire. Put frozen dwarf in kettle.
Get scissors from fence by ice. Knock kite out of tree. Use scissors to free dwarf.
In the middle grass section. It took me a while to find this one.
Posted on Thursday, January 14th, 2010. Follow any responses through the RSS 2.0 feed.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.555944
Retrieved Text: The hurriedly right buy Mens Canada Goose HYBRIDGE LITE JACKET Craphite online shopknee kneels down: he after saying break up just discover that what he loved is her, Imitate Buddha imperceptibly but inexorably to contain spirit guide line! besides does the cool breeze suddenly rise? you don't also worry too much. The classmate in past usubuy Mens Canada Goose HYBRIDGE LITE JACKET Craphite online shopally plays trick to call her, like to after experiencing the great waves miss a person at oneself. almost don't frighten to death me?
Product description: buy Mens Canada Goose HYBRIDGE LITE JACKET Craphite online shop, The hurriedly right buy Mens Canada Goose HYBRIDGE LITE JACKET Craphite online shopknee kneels down: he after saying break up just discover that what he loved is her, Imitate Buddha imperceptibly but inexorably to contain spirit guide line! besides does the cool breeze suddenly rise? you don't also worry too much. The classmate in past usubuy Mens Canada Goose HYBRIDGE LITE JACKET Craphite online shopally plays trick to call her, like to after experiencing the great waves miss a person at oneself. almost don't frighten to death me?
The hurriedly right buy Mens Canada Goose HYBRIDGE LITE JACKET Craphite online shopknee kneels down: he after saying break up just discover that what he loved is her, Imitate Buddha imperceptibwilliam hill online betting ukly but inexorably to contain spirit guide line! besides does the cool breeze suddenly rise? you don't also worry too much. The classmate in past usubuy Mens Canada Goose HYBRIDGE LITE JACKET Craphite online shopallDiscount Womens

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.537176
Retrieved Text: A favorite picture sits on my desk. The grey rock of a tomb dominates the background. On the right hand side a man is walking. But it’s the left side of the picture that draws my attention. A pottery jar lies on its side in the grass, its lid fallen separate, forgotten. A woman kneels—if you can call it that when she's still in motion—with one leg in front of the other, her back foot scarcely touching the ground. Her face is radiant, arms upraised, stretched out; her whole body leans forward, garments still flying behind her as though she has been running toward the man and has fallen, mid-stride, into worship.
Thank you once more for a thought provoking missive. I always have to take a few moments and ponder after reading your comments.
Many blessings as you travel this unplanned road.
Oh, that’s a beautiful quote from Spurgeon! Thanks so much for sharing it, Gordon.
So thankful that your difficult Christmas with its grieving, not understanding and staying there to do what you could, have resulted in the joy of seeing the Lord!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.454453
Retrieved Text: If you're looking for simple Dr Seuss activities, this Lorax felt story board is easy to assemble and provides hours of play!
We interrupt our regularly scheduled programming to bring you some fun Dr Seuss activities – starting with a Lorax felt story board for kids. Theodor Seuss Geisel was born on March 2nd, 1904, so we're coming up on his birthday.
Dr. Seuss was so whimsical, and fun, and obviously made the best children's books ever . . . so I decided to honor him with a craft.
As you can see, I'm having fun with The Lorax. Children will love to change out the scenes with this fun felt story board! This first scene is the Lorax with the truffula trees.
Here’s another scene: the factory and the cut down truffula trees. It’s kind of depressing, but it doesn’t have to be that way for long!
Children can change out the pieces, and the velcro keeps the pieces secured (lightly) to the surface.
Another great thing about this story board is that a child old enough to use a pair of scissors and glue can help make it. Dr Seuss activities are so fun – here's how this one is done.
Before you do anything with your embroidery hoop, you'll need to trace the grass so that it fits the front of your “scene.” Trace a half circle, cut the grass to fit the inner embroidery hoop and then set aside.
Secure your fleece into the hoop by adding craft glue to the inside of the outer ring.
Sandwich the fleece between the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.380022
Retrieved Text: Choosing the perfect walk-behind mower is easy once you know which kind best suits your yard.
Some people think of a reel lawn mower as an antique tool, a relic seen only in movies and cartoons from the 1950s. We beg to differ.
Using a reel of blades that spins as you push, reel mowers avoid tearing the grass the way that rotary motor blades do. Instead, they trim grass with a fine cut the way that a pair of scissors would... if you could attach a set of wheels to a pair of scissors and push it across your entire lawn.
Reel mowers can get jammed by twigs and debris, making them a less-than-ideal choice if your yard has lots of trees. However, manual reel mowers are ideal for smaller lawns or those who mow more frequently and aren't concerned with cutting long grass. Powered reel mowers often prove to be on par with (or even better than) other types of walk-behind mowers.
Electric mowers have become more popular as gas prices have continued to fluctuate. They're available in two styles: corded mowers and cordless or battery-powered mowers.
You can't venture far from an electrical source with a corded electric mower. The limited amount of charge that a battery can hold also means that cordless electric mowers might not be the best choice for large lawns.
However, if you're interested in a walk-behind mower that costs less than a gas mower and provides some power without burning through fuel or needing regular oil changes, an electric mower is an excellent choice.
Walk-behind

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.367073
Retrieved Text: Silver bear grass is wonderful for adding decorative flair to decorations for celebration cakes. Can be combined with sugar flowers to add a touch of elegance. Easily curled with the back of a pair of scissors to give twists and curls.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.210964
Retrieved Text: This super cute basket makes the perfect playtime carrier for toys, stuffed animals and dolls. Beautifully made, this basket would be an eye catching addition to any child's room/playroom.
These baskets are completely handmade from dried, natural elephant grass and topped with Moroccan leather wrapped handles. Please be aware that due to the handmade nature of this item, slight variations in color may occur. Each basket comes with a removable foam pad and measures approximately 17” x 11”.
-Do not leave in the sun for extended periods of time.
-Spot clean with water (no soap or cleaning agents).
-Due to the nature of this item, it may become misshapen in transit. This is normal and not damage. Wet your basket and re-shape using your hands.
-Because it is a hand woven basket, pieces of grass may stick out, these pieces of grass can be trimmed closely with scissors.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.164116
Retrieved Text: Mizutani USA / Motik, Inc. guarantees sharpening that is why we send it back to the factory to be sharpened by the person who in addition is a professional sharpener but also knows how to make scissors.
Every single factory such as Hikari, Mack, etc. has their own degree of the angle on each individual blade – we refer to it as “Factory Angled Blade.” Therefore, factory sharpening is recommended to preserve the longevity of Mizutani scissors. Only factory-authorized sharpeners know the specific degree of every angle in the blade allowing them to remove a minimum amount of steel.
We only sharpen Mizutani scissors.
We charge $30 for factory sharpening plus $10 for shipping and handling per scissors.
Download and fill out the FACTORY SHARPENING REQUEST FORM.
Make sure to include a check made payable to Motik Inc. in the amount of $40.
Make sure to include the “FACTORY SHARPENING REQUEST FORM”.
Make sure to include your business card.
Put a rubber band around the tip of the scissors.
Wrap the scissors in a paper towel, tissue paper, bubble wrap or plastic wrap for extra protection.
Place the scissors in a padded envelope or a sturdy box.
As soon as we receive the scissors we ship them directly to Mizutani factory located in Chiba, Japan. We ship the scissors via USPS Express Mail Services which can take up to 5 days. Once the scissors are sharpened they are sent back to us which can take up to 7 days. We approximate it takes 2-3 weeks for the entire process.
Please contact us if you have any questions about

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.078049
Retrieved Text: At CCC this week we are looking for a summer scene. You must stop by the CCC site and see all the wonderful new DT members. There are quite a few and boy are they some talented ladies! We are also saying good-bye to some very dear DT members as well. They will be missed!
Here is the summer Scene I created for this weeks challenge. The image is a Sarah Kay free coloring page from somewhere on the web. I fussy cut it and popped it up onto my pieced together background. I used 4 different CTMH papers from the consultant sample (so I haven't a clue as to which packets they came from off hand, but am loving the versatility to throw them together and get such wonderful results). I cut the grass with my fringe scissors and layered a cut out Tim Holtz fence over the top and tucked under a bit. I hand cut the clouds (thus they aren't the greatest).
On the fence line I added sand colored pearls and white gel pen as flowers with drawn in stems. The little chicks are fuzz.
Hope you join us at CCC this week for a prize from Whimsy Stamps!
Great card and loving the fringe scissors ... never heard of them before.
This is such a sweet summer scene! Love the girl in her big floppy hat.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.051329
Retrieved Text: We choose you Master Chief.
Get ready to catch em all in Halo 5: Guardians.
Poke' Battle, a fan-made map created by Forge maker CaptainDireWolf, lets players choose one of three Pokémon and battle, rock-paper-scissors style, in an arena that brings back fond memories of Nintendo's Pokémon Stadium.
Players can choose from Venusaur at the green terminal, Charizard at the red terminal or Blastoise at the blue terminal.
The winner is chosen by an element advantage, meaning Charizard (fire) beats Venusaur (grass), Venusaur (grass) beats Blastoise (water) and Blastoise (water) beats Charizard (fire).
And to make these Pokémon suitable for adults only, the winner of the battle gets a sniper rifle to kill their opponent.
Other Pokémon such as Pikachu and Snorlax are scattered around the map, but players can only battle with Venusaur, Blastoise and Charizard.
Back in February, Star Wars arrived in Halo 5, thanks to the same Xbox user, in the form of pod racing.
Meanwhile, The Pokémon Company will treat fans to some big surprises about the upcoming 3DS games Sun and Moon next week.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.942675
Retrieved Text: Artificial grass installation can take from 5 to 12 hours to install on average for any lawn small to average size. We have an artificial lawn installed in Auburn, Oregon in the beautiful Lake of the Pines community. The most important part of synthetic turf installation is the base preparation. If you site is properly prepared, spread and well compacted with drain rock, road base or decomposed granite, the second step (see the second video) is easy. You just need a pair of scissors, measuring tape and a pair of strong hands to lay out the turf on the base, to seam the seams, and to fasten the turf down with staples or nails.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.917381
Retrieved Text: Sherrie Scraps with passion: You made my heart smile!
I am so jealous of the weather up there! We are are burning up here in Phoenix! I love the grass detail you added to your card! The papers you choose are just perfect!
Hi, Sherri! I think we're enjoying the same kind of weather and it's wonderful!!!
I just love your card, and the cute expression on your giraff's face is as though you really have made his heart sing!!! LOL!!!
Very Cute. Love it. TFS.
Ah crazy MN weather :) I love the details in the grass...I might need this scissors!
So jealous of your weather! This card is too cute.
It's me again:) I just have to say that I absolutely love your creations. I have an award for you!
What a darling little card...love it!
Cute, cute card! That little giraffe is one of my favorite critters...just so stinkin' cute! I love the background paper and the fringed grass is a really cute touch!
This is darling! The background paper and beautiful bow are a perfect touch!
Hi Sherrie! This little guy is soooo cute! Makes me smile!! The details of this card are great! Hope you have a good week!
I like that you put grass in front and behind him!!!!
Super cute card. Love the red dotted giraffe, he is so adorable. Good luck on the challenges.
So sweet! Great paper on this and love the added touch of grass!
Too cute! Love the giraffe and the animal print background is awesome!
Super cute card! I love the background paper and grass!
As always Sherrie, so cute, TFS.
Just

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.861914
Retrieved Text: Make this fun Child’s Birthday Card for an Owl Lover. Owls are quite trendy with both children and adults. This card can be given to anyone who loves Owls. This Owl Card is going to my 3 year-old grandson.
Note: This card is going to a 3 year-old so I am adhering everything with Tombow Glue. You can use the adhesive of your choice.
1. Let’s put together our Owl first.
~Punch your Owl and 1-1/4″ Scallop Circle from Baked Brown Sugar card stock. Cut your Scallop Circle in half to use for the wings. Trim off the feet.
~Punch the lower part of the Owl body from Pumpkin Pie. You need just enough body to attach behind the Owl to allow the feet to stick out.
~Punch the Vest out of Gumball Green card stock. Use your Simply Scored Tool and score lines across the vest at 1/8″ intervals-every line. Glue onto Owl Body.
~Cut a small Pumpkin Pie triangle for your Owl Beak. Glue it on above the “V” in the vest.
~Punch two Whisper White eyes. I used the medium circles on the Owl Punch. Glue onto your Owl face, lapping over the Beak if necessary. Color the eyes with Black Marker so your Owl is looking in the direction you want him to.
2. Emboss your Designer Frame in Bermuda Bay card stock. Trim around the edges with Scissors or Paper Snips.
3. Cut a piece of Whisper White card stock at 1-7/16″ x 2″ and glue inside your Designer Frame.
4. Now let’s glue our Owl onto the Whisper White inside

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.818264
Retrieved Text: We got a new push mower. Dave researched and researched online and finally ordered the Fiskars model. I figured they’d be good because of the scissors. It arrived just when we got back from lunch with T—, and she was staying for a cup of tea, so we couldn’t immediately open the box and put it together.
T— is Dave’s ex-wife. Dave said it wasn’t until we were at First Slice, sitting at the table, that he remembered that they used to be married. Not that he had forgotten, just that the specific connection didn’t enter his head. I wondered if she felt more like general family, something like a cousin, but he said it wasn’t that. She just seems so right in her present life, and of course to me Dave does too, so while they are clearly very connected and seem to care about each other very much, it doesn’t seem to be fraught, or post-anything.
It’s weird, meeting the exes of your current love. I can’t imagine the same person being attracted to both of us. T— is a force of nature. She’s an amazing singer of about the hardest music you can imagine someone singing. She wears coordinated jewelry. Multi-surfaced, arty jewely. And smart shoes, with heels. And hair that’s cut on a definite angle, no shilly-shallying. There’s no trace of apology in her, not even when she tells the waitress to leave her used tea bag and bring her some more hot water. She’s everything my hypnotist included in the custom-designed affirmation I

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.78511
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our site! We are specialising in produce, sales, spare parts and service of garden machinery(High quality 41.5cc brush cutter bg415 Producer) and garden tools with competitively price products and service.Sytron can offer you advice on the most suitable machines for your garden also with full warranty, service and spares for all the machines we sell. Warmly welcome your inquires and visit!
This category presents Brush Cutter, Garden Tools, from China Shears suppliers to global buyers., page 6. . PT-BG415 43cc Gasoline Brush Cutter 2. Quality Control: A. Cooperated with good reputation and quality suppliers. . Production Description High Quality Portable Hardware Sharp Shear Gardening Tools-(GS-01) 2. Feature (1)Scissors .
Brush Cutter 41.5cc, Wholesale Various High Quality Brush Cutter 41.5cc Products from Global Brush Cutter 41.5cc Suppliers and Brush Cutter 41.5cc Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.com.
41.5cc Gasoline Brush Cutter Cf-bg415 , Find Complete Details about 41.5cc Gasoline Brush Cutter Cf-bg415,Brush Cutter,Grass Cutter,Grass Cutter Machine Price from Grass Trimmer Supplier or Manufacturer-Yongkang Chinfine Industrial & Trade Co., Ltd.
Trade leads from Bc415 b Brush Cutter Suppliers and Bc415 b Brush Cutter buyers provided by weiku.com. . 41.5cc Brush Cutter KL-BC415. Place of Origin: Zhejiang China . 2.43cc 1.25kw 3.high quality with one year warranty 4.best price for you. Product Name: BC415B43cc Petrol Power Grass Trimmer Strimmer Brush CutterKinghonggarden & forest .
Grass trimmer and grass trimmer suppliers directory, provide high quality grass trimmer products and reliable grass trimmer manufacturers and suppliers from China for worldwide grass trimmer purchasers.
Taizhou Ouwei Machinery Co., Ltd. located in Taizhou City, Zhejiang province, which is the professional

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.742994
Retrieved Text: “So, what’s new?” asked Jack as we tucked into our plastic-plate lunch.
“Pray tell,” I said, knowing full well that Jack needed no encouragement.
Now, dear reader, in the interest of clarity, and obviating the need for double, or even triple quotation marks, I’ll let Jack tell the tale in his own words. Here goes.
The voice at the other end says “I’m so-and-so from Imperial Garden Care” or some such outfit.
I say, “that’s a lot of money. My lawn is about as big as a beach towel. I can clip the grass with my scissors. But listen, how old are ya?
“So what happened?” I asked Jack.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.739084
Retrieved Text: These activities allow young children to work individually, yet help create something beautiful for your room. Showing children the benefits of projects where we all contribute can help them learn the cooperation spirit.
Set up an art center where children can take turns making chains.
Set out 2”x6” strips of paper in red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple.
Encourage children to make solid colored chains.
Then have your children help you hook all the like colored chains together.
Use the different colored chains to create a large chain rainbow on a large bulletin board.
Cut some 8 ½ “ x 11” green construction paper in half lengthwise.
Give each child a piece of the cut paper along with some scissors.
Show your children how to fringe their papers by cutting down 2 -3 inches, every inch along the top edge of their papers.
Use the fringed papers to create grass along the bottom of a mural or along the wall.
Place colorful paper egg shapes peeking out from behind the grass.
Variation: Have your children decorate paper eggs shapes to use with the grass.
Set out some paper flower shapes, along with some glue, some marking pens, cotton balls, glitter and other safe art supplies.
Let your children take turns making unique flower tops.
Place your children’s flowers on a bulletin board or along a hallway.
Add green paper stems and leaves.
Place the flowers at different heights to create a beautiful flower garden in your room.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.706953
Retrieved Text: Check out this super cute Easter craft! It's a two in one project!
I was so happy with how this came out! This video is a 2 in 1. I'll be making a stand as well as the inside of the egg. Display this in your home or gift it to someone! Learn how to make a fake terrarium within this video, as we use three different types of faux grass. One is artificial turf typically used for dioramas, the second is a grass mat that's bright and lush, lastly, we used long fake grass strands. I also use an artificial cherry tree and a small decorative plant.
I really enjoyed making this piece! I don't usually make long videos but sometimes it's needed and worth it when the project is so good! I cut this down from an hour long to just seven minutes! Not bad hey! I hope you have just as much fun as I did, creating this. If you don't make the piece itself, I hope it served as a great craft idea. All you need is mentioned at the start of the video. Make this craft yourself with this DIY tutorial.
I try to ensure it is simple to follow and easy to understand. If there's anything you think I missed out or questions please do ask, I'll always respond! Stay with me to learn so much more awesome crafty do it yourself projects! We have a Facebook page and Instagram too, so make sure you're following us on there.
Looks like a long list,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.61118
Retrieved Text: Wild Grass & Hills Type 2 - medium brown earth, irregular surface. This highly detailed Landscape Mat measures appr. 20 x 30cm and is 1cm thick. Mat can be made thinner by peeling of a layer of the backing material. The flexible mats can easily be cut with scissors and glued with white glue. One or more mats can easily be joined to create a bigger mat.

================



======= Instance Index 1412 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: . a carved pumpking with a light in it... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is being paints.

Ending 2: glows on a counter.

Ending 3: appears in a forest of trees.

Ending 4: sits on a bed of ice.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.683796
Retrieved Text: So you want a costume that really says “Halloween” for this year’s festivities? You want something that’s memorable, an instant classic? Hmmmmmm. Well, we don’t think you could go wrong with this Classic Pumpkin Costume for adults. It’s simple, it’s cute, it’s everything that you’re looking for in a Halloween costume!
Everyone loves a good ole fashion Jack-o-Lantern. People literally go out of their way every year to hunt down the perfect pumpkin, their very own pumpKING, among an abundance of awkwardly shaped orange lumps. Once one is found that they can deem worthy, it is brought home, emptied of its innards, and carved up into a uniquely designed decoration. It’s a tradition as old as time that everyone enjoys and even passes down to their children to ensure that the custom will be continued for generations to come. So we think it’s safe to say that when you enter the party scene wearing this Classic Pumpkin Costume, you’ll be and instant crowd favorite! Everyone will be reminded of the good times they’ve spent carving their own jack-o-lantern after a single look at you in this awesome costume. Throw on a black long-sleeve with a matching pair of spandex and this tunic will transform you into a festive decoration that puts a smile on everyone’s face. The only smile bigger than the ones on your friends’ faces is the one printed on the front of this tunic.
Have a timeless Halloween costume that brings out the holiday spirit in everybody when you grab this Classic Pumpkin Costume. It

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.093657
Retrieved Text: Prepare a super delicious but extra scary Halloween cake and impress your guests to the party. Have fun while you pick your favorite topping, the best decorations and the extra special layers of chocolate, whipped cream or pumpking sauce. Don't forget the scary characters that will make your Halloween cake a scary treat!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.814087
Retrieved Text: Catalog Home > Furniture > Whitney Bros.
Included in this classroom set are 15 lime green chairs and 3 rectangular tables. The tables measure 30" wide x 47" long. GreenGuard Gold and BIFMA certified. Lifetime Warranty. Made in USA.
This set includes one table, 2 chairs and a large cabinet . The table is finished in rock-hard high pressure laminate (HPL), and the two chairs and cabinet are in matching Hot Pumpking color.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.638882
Retrieved Text: Hafa Adai! Your memory is better than you think!
Potu is a sweet, steamed rice cake. I have a recipe for it here on my blog.
The thick tortillas were most likely flour titiyas. Look under my recipe for ‘Chicken Kelaguen’ — I have a recipe for sweet titiyas along with the kelaguen.
Pretzels — were they a crumbly cookie? If so, that’s rosketti. I have a recipe for that as well.
Give them a try and let me know if they’re the dishes you remember.
do you have a cookbook I can buy?
Not currently, but one is in the works.
i’m gonna try the pumpking turnovers and corn starch cookies – 2 of my favorites. do you have how to make the hot cauliflour?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.53422
Retrieved Text: It might not feel like fall yet. But with our #PSL firmly in hand, we’re ready for autumn to make its arrival. The opening of Southern Tier Brewing Co.’s Cleveland taproom Tuesday, Sept. 4, is all the more reason for us to cozy up to the bar with its popular Pumpking Imperial Ale on draft (and its cousin the Rum Barrel Aged Pumpking). Located in the Gateway District, the two-level spot offers plenty for STBC fans — who are used to making the two-hour pilgrimage to its Lakewood, New York, flagship location — to enjoy, while capturing the heart of Cleveland in its menu and decor. Here’s a primer on what to expect.
You’re probably here for the beer. And you’ll find that with 30-plus taps and its own brewing and production facility. While you can dabble with a flight or pint of favorites such as 2XIPA, Nu Skool IPA and Lemon Drop Sun (for those eking out the last dog days of summer), there are also limited releases. Don’t overlook the Cherry Cordial Imperial Stout currently on tap — the dessert beer is rich and chocolaty with a hint of cherry.
Compared to the food offerings at STBC’s New York, Charlotte and Pittsburgh outposts, the menu here feels smaller but still taps into Cleveland’s foodie sensibility. You’ll find chicken thigh pierogies, and fried chicken and waffles. And while many of the dishes employ beer, such as the barbecue sauce on the smoked wings and the pizza dough made with Nu Skool IPA, it’s a move more for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.465437
Retrieved Text: The Spider Egg summons the spider Pet. It behaves exactly like the Spider AI, as it will crawl on Walls if there are any. When the player jumps high enough or outruns the spider, it will ride on a white spiderweb, as if it were standing on a wall, to keep up with the player. The Spider Egg is dropped by Pumpking during the Pumpkin Moon event.
If the Spider follows the player to an area with Fences nearby, the Spider will rapidly hop from the fences to the ground, causing a flickering effect.
If a red Dye is used on the Spider Egg, the spider resembles a Blood Crawler.
This page was last edited on 19 March 2019, at 22:55.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.438396
Retrieved Text: The Beer Junction presents 1st Annual Pumpkin Junction!
Southern Tier Pumpking, Beer Valley Jackalope, Elysian The Great Pumpkin, Two Beers Pumpkin Spice, Howe Sound Pumpkineater, 7 Seas Pumpkin Porter, Dogfish Head Punkin…and more!
Sampler trays available – try them all! Have a pumpkin milkshake with Husky Deli ice cream!
The Beer Junction is located in the West Seattle Junction at 4511 California Ave SW, Seattle, WA 98116.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.386215
Retrieved Text: Barn Owl Christmas Decoration on a ribbon is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and comes in a variety of finishes.
Decorations are hand carved and hand gilded so there is natural variation in the shape and finish. Each is unique.
Camel Christmas Decoration on a ribbon is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and comes in a variety of finishes.
Classic Owl Christmas Decoration on a ribbon is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and comes in a variety of finishes.
Donkey Christmas Decoration on a Ribbon is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and comes in a variety of finishes.
Fox Christmas Decoration on a Ribbon is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and comes in a variety of finishes.
Frog Christmas Decoration on a ribbon is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and comes in a variety of finishes.
Gilded Angel Sculpture is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and has been carefully covered with white gesso plaster and gilded by hand with a metal leaf.
Gilded Silver Apple Sculpture is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and has been carefully covered with white gesso plaster and gilded by hand with a metal leaf.
Gilded Silver Pear Sculpture is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and has been carefully covered with white gesso plaster and gilded by hand with a metal leaf.
Greyhound Christmas Decoration on a ribbon is hand carved from sustainable, light weight albizia wood and comes in a variety of finishes.
Grouse Christmas

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.114523
Retrieved Text: In this area we have a large selection of Fair Trade candle holders, from the elegantly simple to the wonderfully ornate. We also sell packs of our own brand of Thai flower t-lights.
Handmade in Northern Thailand, these T-Lights have been sculpted into the shape of beautiful vivid flowers. Each pack contains ten candles in five different vibrant colours and come packaged in a recycled cardboard sleeve.
These fantastic twist tea light holders are made from natural mango wood with a smooth finish. This abstract design would look wonderful on any bookshelf! Mango wood is valued as an attractive, richly grained and sustainable wood.
These carved mango wood t-light holders are hand-produced in India. The beautiful, natural wood grain is shown on each elegant holder and they are finished with a simple dark stain. This centre of each holder is carved with a triquetra, a kind of Celtic triple knot. They make wonderful additions to any comfy, restful space.
These carved mango wood t-light holders are hand-produced in India. The beautiful, natural wood grain is shown on each elegant holder and they are finished with a simple dark stain. This centre of each holder is carved with a traditional symbol of good luck across Asia, the trunk-up elephant. They make wonderful additions to any comfy, restful space.
These carved mango wood t-light holders are hand-produced in India. The beautiful, natural wood grain is shown on each elegant holder and they are finished with a simple dark stain. This centre of each holder is carved with the tradtional Om symbol, ॐ. They

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.046406
Retrieved Text: Villafane has worked for DC Comics from 2006, sculpting countless action figures and collectible statues over the years--and works around the world, with Villafane additionally creating masterpiece sand sculptures in addition to his famed Halloween pumpkin carvings. Since 2007, Villafane has won the Food Network Pumpkin Carving Challenge contest and remains defender of the food channel's top title.
Ray Villafane was contacted by a professional sand sculpting company--never having been involved in sand sculpture previously--invited to to participate in the Jesolo, Italy, annual sand sculpting competition project for the holidays in late 2008. The artist had never sculpted in sand, but in November 2008, traveled to Italy and created his first sand sculptures.
Ray Villafane's sand sculptures--like his Halloween pumpkin carving techniques and artistry--are exceptional, unequaled.
Villafane will again be competing for the Food Network's pumpkin carving challenge this October 30 to defend his title. The artist's spent every October of the past 15 years in his basement studio—and his sculpting talent is reinventing the art of pumpkin carving. Expert carvers know that the professionals use sculpting tools to carve those gourds—not knives. Villafane can transform a pumpkin, any pumpkin, into a work of art in just hours. Maybe 8 hours to be a bit more exact. A work of art takes time, but the master carver's actually quite fast: Villafane can "block out" the initial design for his pumpkin in literally minutes. Video of Ray Villafane's blocking out process entitled "Pumpkin Carving" and the pumpkin master's newest creations--added almost daily before Halloween--are viewable at "Pumpkin Carving" from Ray

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.905483
Retrieved Text: This ring is curved on the edges for a comfort fit. The lines are hand-carved and blackened. No two rings of this style are alike.
The blackened silver carved ring is popular for both men and women.
One of my classic designs. This bracelet is curved to fit comfortably around the wrist bone. The carvings catch the light so that this piece glitters in an understated way.
I realized on a hike in Sedona last week that the carvings stem from my love of the crevices that form in the valleys of the desert where I grew up.
This bracelet is designed to wrap around the wrist bone for comfort. The polished silver is clean and modern.
This bracelet is hand-carved and one-of-a-kind. Besides polished silver I can make similar pieces in brushed and carved, and for any size wrist.
This piece is a hollow form. Both the front and the back of the pendant have hand-carved “craters” in order to let light pass through. The chain runs through the middle of the pendant, giving it a more “grounded” appearance.
This item was commissioned, similar items may be made to order.
This pendant is a hollow form. It is about three inches long and half an inch thick. Both sides are rounded, one side with carvings, the other side is smooth. May be worn with the carvings in the front, or with the smooth side showing.
I prefer the carved side showing, so it is shown here with the carved side in the front.
While making this shield, I was focusing abundance and empowerment – and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.839437
Retrieved Text: How to Make a Jack-o'-Lantern. The beauty of carving your own jack-o'-lantern is that there are no set rules for the design. From cute to scary and everything in between, any fairly simple idea you can come up with on paper can be transformed into a face for your Halloween pumpkin.... How to Make a Jack-o'-Lantern. The beauty of carving your own jack-o'-lantern is that there are no set rules for the design. From cute to scary and everything in between, any fairly simple idea you can come up with on paper can be transformed into a face for your Halloween pumpkin.
How to Make a Jack-o'-Lantern. The beauty of carving your own jack-o'-lantern is that there are no set rules for the design. From cute to scary and everything in between, any fairly simple idea you can come up with on paper can be transformed into a face for your Halloween pumpkin. lego how to make a custom mg42 Once again, you need to allow him to run his normal course in the garden afterwhich he has to have access to a Jack 'o Lantern to become a resident. To get a Jack 'o Lantern you need to grow a pumpking in your garden and then visit Bart's and have him transform the pumpking into a Jack 'o Lantern.
How to Make a Jack-o'-Lantern. The beauty of carving your own jack-o'-lantern is that there are no set rules for the design. From cute to scary and everything in between, any fairly simple idea you can come up

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.642511
Retrieved Text: Crisp, cool mornings, a hint of red-orange in the trees promising to soon blanket the ground with crunchy leaves. All signs of the season to come to look something like this.
In South Florida, however, if a smiling jack-o-lantern is carved towards the beginning of October, it guarantees to frown by Halloween Day.
In these here parts, signs of fall are a little different. Target is sure to let us know when the seasons are changing.
Not to be out done, Starbucks also has coined the fall season with its famous Pumpkin Spiced Latte (venti, no whip, please).
But Mother Nature also let us know this year that changes are a coming.
… I choose to see this.
My favorite season is at the door.
I do miss the signs of Fall that we had in GA. I hope to get a little bit of it here in N. FL. I'll take anything! Oh, and let us not forget the palmetto bugs crawling out of the jack-o-lantern!
Over here in Sydney, we are just getting a sneak peek of SPRING! yippeee.
Love the Halloween shots, and the autumn leaves just make me wanna run through them!
Oh wow. LOVE your interpretation of signs! I can't believe fall is already here. Or at the very least tiptoeing it's way in : ) Awesome pictures!
Love your signs of fall, i really like that frowning pumpkin.
Ooh, I love your signs of fall! The frowning pumpkin is hilarious. Fall is my favorite season, and your pictures are definitely putting me in the mood for it!
MMMMMMMMMMmmmmm, I SO love fall! And

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.5729
Retrieved Text: Living where I do. No major hurricanes, tornado's or anything like that.
Getting some rain today. We need it.
You're missing out on life's second greatest pleasure!
The many people who have come & gone in my life. I may never see them again but I still think of them often.
Rarely watch TV and the last time I went to the cinema was to see "Mr. Popper's Penguins" and that was a dud.
sherbet Hot tea or iced?
chocolate cake and cream Dill pickles or sweet?
Brie Hot peppers or mild.
I prefer being a participant than a spectator. That applies to everything else too.
It's on my bucket list, along with pumpking chunking.
Been to a bears game.
Flew in a hot air balloon.
Ya gotta get to one, much funner than roller coasters - especially when it's hot outside!
Never been to a Hooters.
I've never eaten caviar and probably never will.
Do it on the beach or poolside?
You ask the tough questions so I say both!
Oral or the other way?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.349003
Retrieved Text: This copy shows the entry on 23-Apr-2019 at 05:24:33.
Chapel of ease. Dated 1895. By J P Pritchett Jun and H D Pritchett for Mrs Maynard Proud. Ashlar sandstone, plain tile roofs. Cruciform plan, of nave with south porch, south and north transepts, chancel, crossing tower; 4:1:3 bays; Perpendicular style. South porch: swept stepped diagonal buttresses; leaved board door in pointed-arched opening of 2 orders, the inner order shafted with undercut foliage on capitals, the outer order continuously moulded, and hoodmould with stops carved in Art Nouveau characters "AD" and "1895"; above door, sundial dated 1893; moulded coping to gable with cross at apex; in each return wall a 2-light window with Perpendicular tracery and hoodmould with carved stops; inner door in continuously-moulded pointed arch. Nave: moulded plinth, swept stepped buttresses dividing bays; 3-light windows with crested transoms and Perpendicular tracery, hoodmoulds with carved stops to north and south windows, 4-light window to west. Transepts: each gable has two 2-light windows with crested transoms, Perpendicular tracery, and hoodmoulds with head stops to south, shield stops to north; staircase turret to south; on west side of north transept a moulded doorway with 4-centred arch. Chancel: to south, 4-centred arched priest's doorway, on the hoodmould stops the word "Evangelum" in Art Nouveau lettering and a chalice; above it a 2-light Perpendicular window with hoodmould with head stops; 4-light Perpendicular window with hoodmould with head stops; to east, 5-light Perpendicular window with 4-centred arched head and transom, the lower panels being blind; to north, 3 Perpendicular windows with hoodmoulds with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.224083
Retrieved Text: Eight (8) Chinese Carved Jade Items, including Animals. 1st item: Carved white jade figure of reclining dog with head resting on front paws, with russet inclusions at base. 3" L. 2nd item: Carved light celadon green jade reclining mother dog with long ears and puppy on her back, 2 3/4" L. 3rd item: Small carved jade or jadeite reclining dog with head turned back, ribs and spine showing, 2" L. 4th item: Carved light celadon green jade figural of two reclining horses at play, 2 1/2" L. All 4 items Chinese, late 19th century. 5th item: Carved light celadon brush washer with two compartments, fruit and floral cluster, small areas of russet inclusions, 3/4" x 3" x 1 7/8". Chinese, late 19th/early 20th century. 6th item: Carved light celadon plaque, one side with cat looking up at butterfly, other side of bird perched in flowering branch. Carved clouds at top with small hole in center, 2 1/4" x 1 1/2" x 5/16" D. Chinese, late 19th/early 20th century. 7th item: Carved light celadon green brush washer, shaped edge of cloud design with carved lotus leaf base, 5/8" H x 2 1/4" W. Chinese, early 20th century. 8th item: Carved light celadon green rectangular seal with foo dog on top and characters on base, 1 5/8" H x 1 3/4" W x 3/4" D. Chinese, mid/late 20th century. CONDITION: 1st-4th items in very good condition with no visible losses. 5th item: 2 to 3 fleabites of wear to rim areas. 6th item: Minor areas of russet inclusions.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.16377
Retrieved Text: Smalltown Dreamz: Amigurumi Testers Needed!!!
Calling Amigurumi Crochet Pattern Testers!!!
Yes with the holiday season coming up I feel more patterns coming. I am in search of some Amigurumi pattern testers. If you are interested please email me at smalltowndreamz@gmail.com. please send me some photos of some of your work also. Here is a sneak peak at my newest pattern that is getting ready for testing.
Beautiful pumpking.....cute :0) .This is a nice blog too.Visiting you via Mrs. Debi from DLY's Hooks and Yarns.....she is wonderful.Nice to be here.have a great weekend.
Thank you Luna!!! Welcome to Smalltown Dreamz. I am a new fan of Mrs Debi. You have a great weekend as well!!
Mini Witches Hat Pattern Released!!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.0948
Retrieved Text: Pampered Chef: Mini Carrot cakes become pumpkin cakes!
I'm going to make these!
I love pumpkin... especially in the fall- kids love them too. I think they were more moist than the carrot ones- those were very dense.
Pumpkin anything is loved at our house! DH and DS would LOVE these, I'm sure!
Sounds delish, we love all things pumpkin as well "Solid pack pumpkin" is that the same thing as a can of pumpkin?
Exactly how much pumpkin did you use, I'm also wondering if you could use pumpkin pie spice in palce of the nutmeg??
I used 3/4 cup of pumpking...yes that's canned pumkin- I clarified because they sell pumpkin pie filling...this was just plain pumpkin. I didn't have allspice, so I subbed cinnamon, nutmeg, and ground ginger... a pinch of each (larger pinch of the cinnamon). So I think pumpkin pie spice would be fine!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.03256
Retrieved Text: LAXFIELD THE STREET TM 27 SE 9/52 Church of All Saints' - 29.7.55 GV I Parish church. Medieval; east bay of nave and whole of chancel rebuilt 1827. Nave, chancel, west tower, south porch. Nave and porch of flint rubble, with stone dressings; the tower is largely faced in dressed stone. 1827 work faced in white brick except to north where there is random rubblework. Slated roofs. Very fine late C15 tower in 4 stages, with polygonal clasping buttresses. Good flushwork panelling to buttresses, the belfry stage and the whole of the west face. Enriched west doorway with carved spandrels; above is a quatrefoil frieze and a 4-light window flanked by canopied niches. 4-light belfry openings. Crenellated parapet with stone panelling and tall pinnacles with crocketted spirelets. Early C14 nave in 5 bays, the windows later replacements in Perpendicular style except for one to north. Easternmost bay has C19 3- light windows with intersecting Y-tracery. C15 porch, repaired in C18 with red brick: knapped flint facade flanked by buttresses each containing a canopied statue niche; entrance arch hung with shields, and with carved shields in the spandrels. Remains of a vaulted roof. The porch was intended to have an upper storey and is said to have been left incomplete. Small chancel with later additions; a 3-light east window. Interior. The scissor- braced trussed rafter nave roof spans 11m; the arched braces spring from posts supported by short hammerbeams, at the end of which are carved heads. Coved cornice. In south west angle of nave is the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.962078
Retrieved Text: A large carved alabaster light fixture with carved roses around the edge.
Circa 1930 Italian Art Deco alabaster light fixture with interior lights, carved edge around border, original alabaster canopy. Measurements Diameter: 21.5"

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.949934
Retrieved Text: Carved Horn Shawl Pin in a zebra pattern. Larger center hole will work well with medium to heavier weight knits. Pin measures 3 1/8" x 3 1/8". Black wood stick measures 5".
Carved heart horn Shawl Pin. Smaller center hole will work well for most weight knits. Pin measures 3" X 3.25". Black finish wood stick measures 5".
Arches rectangular horn Shawl Pin. Larger sized center hole will work well with most weight knits. Pin measures 3." X 2 3/8". Black finish wood stick measures 5".
Spotted horn round Shawl Pin. Larger sized center hole will work well with medium to bulky weight knits. Pin measures 2 5/8". Black wood stick measures 5" long.
Dots & Dashes carved round horn Shawl Pin. Medium sized center hole will work well with all but the bulkiest weight knits. Pin measures 2.5". Black finish wood stick measures 5".
Heart giraffe pattern carved horn Shawl Pin. Medium sized center hole will work well with medium to light weight knits. Pin measures 2.75." X 2.25". Black wood stick measures 5".
Carved red (dyed) horn Shawl Pin. Medium size center hole will work well with most weight knits. Pin measures 2 3/8". Black wood stick measures 4.5".
Pointed Moon shaped Black Horn Shawl Pin. Smaller size center hole will work well with medium to light weight knits. Pin measures 3.25"x 2 1/4". Black wood stick measures 5".
Earthy two-toned grained Horn Shawl Pin. Larger hole will work well with most weight knits. Pin measures 2.75" across. Natural wood stick measures 5.5".
World worn Horn Shawl Pin has the natual texture of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.710386
Retrieved Text: Hand carved fairtrade abstract figure - dark finish. Also available in light finish. A fair trade product made from suar wood in Bali Indonesia each item is hand carved and hence no 2 carvings are the same. Photo shown is a general stock item and due to the individual carved nature, th..
Hand carved fairtrade abstract figure - light finish. Also available in dark finish. A fair trade product made from suar wood in Bali Indonesia each item is hand carved and hence no 2 carvings are the same. Photo shown is a general stock item and due to the individual carved nature, th..

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.62813
Retrieved Text: As has been announced previously, TPF is working on a process to allow for more public participation in adding new board members. I'm happy to present Ricardo Signes as our first new board candidate nominated with the new process. Ricardo (aka RJBS) is well known to the Perl community as a former pumpking and he offers some addition background in his bio below.
Ricardo Signes spent four years studying philosophy and religion before learning that jobs in those fields did not abound. He managed to convert his hobby into his profession, convincing his employer that it was a good idea to pay him to create software in Perl. Since then, he has become a prolific CPAN author, part of the "Toolchain Gang" that maintains the PAUSE and CPAN infrastructure, and spent five years as "Pumpking," the Perl 5 project manager. Ricardo is currently CTO at FastMail, where he manages a team writing and maintaining free and proprietary software, much of it written in Perl 5. In his free time, Rik writes code to help making writing code easier.
I'd like to help TPF accomplish its mission of supporting the Perl programming languages, and especially to help increase understanding of what TPF does. I think I have a good knowledge of the Perl community, and can help provide guidance on the board, but most especially I want to help make it easy to find out what TPF is doing.
The TPF's most visible work is its grants work and conference support, and those are probably the ones I think are

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.598652
Retrieved Text: Large Full Length Floor Mirror Antique Silver Black Ornate Carved Leaning Wall. Beautiful, ornate black and antique silver mirror. Full length can be wall hung vertically or horizontally. Black frame with antique silver carving detail. Use as a floor leaner mirror for the living room, bedroom, hallway, bathroom or dressing room.
Includes anti-tip hardware kit for added safety. D ring hanging brackets attached to the rear of the mirror - no need for a wire.
65" H x 31" W. Stunning full length carved mirror. A beautiful mirror in whichever room you choose to place it... Light enough that it can easily be.
To catch the perfect light. A touch of softness is added from the beveled glass.. Also available in brown and gold.
Large Full Length Floor Mirror Antique Silver Black. Large Full Length Floor Mirror Dressing Wall Standing Beveled Lounge Bedroom New. The item "Large Full Length Floor Mirror Antique Silver Black Ornate Carved Leaning Wall" is in sale since Thursday, August 16, 2018.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.54937
Retrieved Text: Published 04/21/2019 08:07:54 pm at 04/21/2019 08:07:54 pm in French Wood Chandelier.
french wood chandelier laluz 15 light french country chandeliers wood chandelier lighting wood and iron chandeliers french iron and wood chandelier wood and iron chandeliers french iron and wood chandelier.
eumyviv kitchen island orb wood chandelier light with seeded glass eumyviv kitchen island orb wood chandelier light with seeded glass shade vintage french country chandelier, antique french louis xiv carved wood chandelier inessa stewarts antique french louis xiv carved wood chandelier, jane french country rustic light distressed wood chandelier no jane french country rustic light distressed wood chandelier no crystal, amazoncom docheer vintage rustic wooden chandelier light french docheer vintage rustic wooden chandelier light french country wood metal chandelier pendant light fixture, french fourlight vintage painted wood chandelier for sale at stdibs french fourlight vintage painted wood chandelier for sale, small wood chandelier french wood chandelier wooden chandelier fancy small wood chandelier french wood chandelier wooden chandelier fancy wooden chandeliers with additional small home decoration, antique wooden chandelier antique french wood chandelier antique wooden chandelier antique french wood chandelier, french th century sixlight grey painted wooden chandelier with french th century sixlight grey painted wooden chandelier with carved decor, grey wood chandelier grey ackwood collection light grey wood grey wood chandelier grey wood chandelier large french wood light washed grey chandelier ideas for grey wood chandelier , french vintage painted and carved wood chandelier with six lights at french vintage painted and carved wood chandelier with six lights for sale, nice country light fixtures kitchen gallery

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.542303
Retrieved Text: A single circa 1930's Italain carved alabaster table lamp shaped as dolphin. Measurements: Height of body:: 16" Height to shade rest: 26.5"
A Pair of circa 1930's Italian carved alabaster 'fruit bowl' table lamps. *These can also be modified as decorative objects without the lamp stem. Measurements Height of Body: 18" Diameter: 14.5"
A single circa 1930's Italian carved column shaped alabaster table lamp with original patina. Measurements: Height of body: 18" Diameter: 5"
Pair of 1920's French alabaster table lamps with bronze fittings, neoclassic style.
A pair of 1920's Italian carved alabaster table lamps with interior light. Measurements: Height of body: 12" Diameter: 6"
Pair of Italian circa 1930's carved alabaster table lamps in the form of horses. Measurements: Height of body: 16"
A very large, carved alabaster table lamp with brown veining on an ivory background. Gilt base.
Pair of circa 1920's Italian carved gray alabaster lamps with dark veining and foliage motif on body as well as square pedestal bases. Measurements: Height of body: 22"
Pair of circa 1920's carved alabaster table lamps. Measurements: Height of body: 22.5" Height to shade rest: 34"
Pair of Italian 1960's porcelain lamps, light blue with white details.
A circa 1940's pair of French alabaster carved table lamps. Measurements: Height of body: 14"
A pair of circa 1950's Italian white marble with light gray veining and square columnar shape. Measurements: Height of body: 16"
Pair of 1920s French Italian alabaster and bronze table lamps with gilt bronze details. 22" height of body 209 East 59th Street.
Pair of 1940s Italian pink marble table lamps of neoclassic style. Measurements: Height of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.461012
Retrieved Text: Virtual Girls Night Out - Where's My Candy?
This week has been packed. The Halloween parade at school this morning was adorable. And now we have pumpking carving and baking to do. I'm pretty dang tired but this is no time to rest! Let's jump into our Virtual Girls Night Out and get our energy up!
Strain into chilled tall shot glass and serve.
VGNO "Heart Shaped Rock Project"
Did you see Carolee's picture last week?
The rock is traveling to Gena's at "Relax and Enjoy All The Serene Moments" next, then it will make a stop at Stacy's "Random Thoughts". Would you like to participate too? Just e-mail me your mailing address and I'll add you to the list. I'm at annharrisonATcomcastDOTnet.
Are you dressing up for Halloween? Hmmmm??? If so, what are you going to be? I'll be answering the door wearing my best pearl necklance and cashmere sweater while channeling Bree Van de Kamp of Desperate Housewives. To me, that kind of housewife is terrifying. Boo!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.418633
Retrieved Text: Beautiful hand carved turquoise scarabs. Acid washed then wiped with a light matte color so the carved details in the piece would show. Hand carved on both sides.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.255089
Retrieved Text: A unique two-door cabinet with "faux-drawer" front, giving it the appearance of a carved panel three-drawer chest. This small buffet opens to a shelf and storage within, is painted wood, with a carved apron and raised on cabriole legs. Coloring is a grey/green with wood showing through and light blue accent trim.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.161379
Retrieved Text: This image gallery named as Balinese Bed Headboard Teak Carved Wood Wall Art Hanging might be ideal solution for your decoration. As the author has insert this image into Balinese Carved Headboard post section, would ease you to find the perfect match of you decor desire.
But in the event that you believe the preceding dresser could be the sole cheap vest to get a headboard you are able to find for less than 2500 700, subsequently, you are incorrect as there are several other balinese bed headboard teak carved wood wall art hanging you can find. There continue to be others you may get out of the internet, and a few would be the balinese jewelry. The tasteful layout is definitely successful to make prospective customers enticed to buy the drawer to their headboard. Southshore also handles to create a large-sized vest which really will be able to store every piece of one’s valuable garment. To get, you only need to pay for USD 290.
Along with this headboard and the carpeting in the headboard, the following balinese bed headboard teak carved wood wall art hanging you want to pay attention to is the balinese furniture. Believe it or not, the dressing table is quite crucial that you be set up inside your daughter’s headboard. Unlike the boys, the girls need the vanity within their own headboard to save cute things like hairpinaccessories, accessories, notes, and many different cute and delightful things. Additionally, girls love to inspect up on themselves in the mirror of the vanity.
Other recommended

================



======= Instance Index 1039 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The video begins with a title slide. a woman and child... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are in a park with a jump rope.

Ending 2: stretch and prepare for a roof cleaning job.

Ending 3: are shown playing water polo on a lake.

Ending 4: are seen walking onto a skate board.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.697544
Retrieved Text: Business Slide Video Film Promo Template Sample. Customize as You like.
Business Slide Video Film Promo Template Sample. With Silver background and floor With images or video that come in as like the wind drew it in. The inner framed section can be either images or videos that you provide. We can research or use royalty free images or videos on our semi-custom plan. All other plans require the original content and editing from you. The background music is standard on the base plan, but can be adjusted on the other plans.
Business Slide Video Film Promo Template. Framework description.
Business Slide Video Film Promo Framework description. After ordering, copy and paste the following outline, then use in your specifications after ordering.
Scene 1. Use Image or Video in the frame. Please provide Title Text to sum up 4 words.
Scene 2. Use Image/Video in the frame. Provide Title Text up to 4 words.
Scene 3. Use Image or Video in the frame. Please provide Title Text to sum up 4 words.
Scene 4. Use Image/Video in the frame. Provide Title Text up to 4 words.
Scene 5. Use Image or Video in the frame. Please provide Title Text to sum up 4 words.
If you are looking for a customized logo for your Video Film Promo Templates, please look at our graphic packages.
To summarize, examples of effective Social media channels like Youtube, Twitter, Facebook, and Google plus. Therefore, they allow for meta tags and effective keyword marketing to promote your Video Film Promo.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.39798
Retrieved Text: Method 1: Insert a PowerPoint Slide First and foremost, open PowerPoint. Then delete the �Click to add title� and �Click to add subtitle� text boxes on the slide. how to bring up weak aura interface Watch video�� Learn how to add external animations, work with transitions, add emphasis with object and text effects, and more. Enhance your elearning content by adding animations and digital effects with Adobe Captivate 2017.
Method 1: Insert a PowerPoint Slide First and foremost, open PowerPoint. Then delete the �Click to add title� and �Click to add subtitle� text boxes on the slide.
I have insert some motion clips in power point 2010 using Insert, Video, ClipArt Video and have inserted a few butterfly clips into my slide. I run Slide Show View and notice some of these gif clips animate and loops non-stop but some of the clips only play once and does not loop.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.38118
Retrieved Text: Tuesday & Wednesday-Final presentations on your movie of choice and economic connections.
1st-Watch this documentary and answer these IOUSA Solutions – Worksheet-1asucoc. Turn in tomorrow.
Brainstormed for Movie Connections slides.
Personal Finance Video-Due Monday before class.
You may begin inputting your movie project. Just click on your period and add your slides. Each should have a title slide with your name showing where it begins. Do not change anyone else’s slides as I can see edit history. Golden rule. Keep a back up of your own before you cut and paste in case it is lost.
For your Personal Finance video go to this link and input your Youtube link.
Go to link to put in your USATESTPREP EC.
Friday-Watch Freakonomics on Netflix or any other source. Take 30 handwritten notes on plot. Turn in Monday. If you don’t have it watch something else economics related and turn in 30 notes.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.444523
Retrieved Text: There are two ways to launch PowerPoint; click on the PowerPoint icon [ ] from the Programs menu (either listed alone or under Microsoft Office), or selecting New Office Document from the Start menu. If you use the icon, PowerPoint begins with a new blank slide.
If you selected New Office Document you will be given several choices. (Your choices may look a bit different from the ones below.) Select the icon named Blank Presentation.
You have two options to consider. Write your show as a blank presentation and then select a slide design, or select a slide design before starting to write your show. This tutorial will be written as if you wrote your slide show using a blank presentation.
Click in the title area to enter the title of your show. Then click in the subtitle area to enter a subtitle. There are two ways to add a new slide to your show.
Click on the New Slide button [ ] on the formatting toolbar.
Continue writing your slide show until all of the content has been entered.
Now that you have entered the content in your slide show, you may want to apply a slide design. Go to the Format menu and select Slide Design.
You may apply a design to the entire show, or to single slides. After applying a design, go back through each slide. You may need to make adjustments on text size or placement.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.218048
Retrieved Text: Would you like to make a major impact in the life of a child who needs a chance for a safe and permanent home? Join us for an hour-long video/slide presentation about the role and responsibilities of a Court Appointed Special Advocate for abused and neglected children, and how to become one. There will be time for Q&A by a veteran CASA who'll answer your questions about what to expect in this unique rewarding volunteer role. Applications are now being accepted for the Summer 2019 training which begins June 13th. Harry's Bakery will be catering the event with gourmet pastries and coffee! Please arrive 10-15 minutes early as we will begin promptly at noon!
There is free 2 hour parking on the streets, most parking is free on weekends. However, please pay close attention to public parking lots and signs. Please allow yourself time to find a parking spot.
RED Day 2019 - Day of Service to Our Community!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.094131
Retrieved Text: Can Jeremy finally end the nightmare Christmas monster that has terrorized this town for years? A beautiful, pure-hearted young woman, Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom, until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land. Watch Maleficent 2014 online Bmovies Maleficent 2014 Free Movie Streaming Free movie Maleficent 2014 with English Subtitles on bmovies. A beautiful, pure-hearted young woman, Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom, until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land. After a brief meeting with the young Aurora, Maleficent watches over her from afar. Download Maleficent 2014 Full 1080p Movie Free High Speed Download.
Bent on revenge, Maleficent faces a battle with the invading king's successor and, as a result, places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows, Maleficent realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom - and to Maleficent's true happiness as well. Instead he cuts off her wings off with iron — iron burns fairies — and presents them to the king as evidence of her death. His daughter attempts to match her father with the local women without sucess until she meets a beautiful Mermaid with whose help the Professor might finally find true love for himself. Bent on revenge, Maleficent faces an epic battle with the invading King's successor and, as a result, places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. Realizing she has grown fond of the princess, Maleficent attempts

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.909943
Retrieved Text: The Learning Microsoft PowerPoint 2011 tutorials provide prestation lessons to teach or learn Microsoft PowerPoint 2011.
A presentation for the mythical Wattle Valley Animal Park is progressively built throughout the chapters. Students learn to add different content to slide layouts including titles, text, clip art, photos, movie clips, tables, SmartArt diagrams and charts.
The activities also include the use of animation effects, editing and formatting movie clips, transitions, action buttons, text formatting, slide masters, self-running shows, custom shows, slide show delivery techniques, adding sound tracks and exporting the presentation to a video file.
Support files that provide all the images, movie clips, sound files and text required to complete the activities are included with the product.
A presentation for the Wattle Valley Animal Park is progressively developed throughout the chapters.
the components of the PowerPoint screen.
creating a title and content slide.
creating a title and 2 content slide.
shape fills, outlines and effects.
inserting photos into a slide.
applying a transition to one slide.
applying transitions to multiple slides.
entrance, enhance and exit effects.
different types of animation effects.
inserting a movie clip that runs when clicked on.
formatting the movie clip appearance.
adding a message to the movie clip.
entering text into the diagram.
inserting a title only slide.
using the format painter tool to copy formats to other photos.
aligning tops and left edges of objects.
adjusting photos using contrast and brightness, colours and artistic effects.
inserting a table into the slide.
adjusting row heights and column widths.
inserting a chart into the slide.
opening and closing the data pane.
formatting columns, axes and walls.
looking at different types of charts.
inserting shapes and setting them to be buttons.
setting text as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.868067
Retrieved Text: I am an expert at PowerPoint, adept at Prezi, and skilled at writing talks, delivering talks, and coaching and supporting others to deliver talks as well.
A recent webinar conducted for the Nonprofit Leadership Summit with Wild Woman Fundraising covered how to lead in love - without being a pushover, and without conflict avoidance. Attendees learned how to move through the lifecycle of change and into a new and valuable way of leading.
Click on the image to the left (or below, on mobile) to view a silent video of the slide deck, which is built in PowerPoint.
This workshop is my most popular live workshop. To allow more people to access it, I put it online in 2018. This Prezi is the foundation for the workshop videos in the online modules. Click the image on the right (or below on mobile) to access the Prezi online.
This slide deck is created in PowerPoint and used for a webinar I delivered with Wild Woman Fundraising in August 2018. Click the image to see a silent video of the slide deck.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.86533
Retrieved Text: Markers in Storyline offer a quick and easy way to add a hover-and-reveal or click-and-reveal effect to your course. You can place a marker anywhere on a slide, and when learners view your published output, they can hover over it or click on it to experience additional content. That additional content can include a pop-up label, descriptive text, audio, an image or movie, or a combination of all of these. You can have as many markers on a single slide as you like.
In Normal View, click the Insert tab and choose Marker.
From the menu that appears, choose the icon you'd like to use on your marker.
Your cursor changes to a crosshair shape. Click anywhere on your slide to insert the marker.
Once you insert the marker, a label appears, where you can enter a title and descriptive text. By default, the title appears when learners hover over the marker, and the full label appears when they click it (but, if you want, you can customize this behavior, as we'll see in a moment). When you're finished, click anywhere outside the label to collapse it.
Tip: If you prefer to omit the marker label and include audio only, you can just leave the label blank. See "Adding sound to a marker" and "Making an audio-only marker," later in this tutorial.
Now that you've inserted a marker on your slide, there are all sorts of things you can do to customize the way it looks and behaves. Check out the options throughout the rest of this tutorial.
Select the marker on the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.848928
Retrieved Text: Home Jean Thomas, The Traipsin' Woman, Collection "Idiot" man with child and three women by old wooden house and shed.
Title "Idiot" man with child and three women by old wooden house and shed.
Description Described by Jean Thomas as "Idiot Man" the man in this image is wearing overalls and putting his finger to his nose. The child, a boy, crouches on the ground wearing a headband with feathers. A young woman (standing) and old woman (seated next to man on bench) wear a dress and blouse and skirt, respectively. The third woman appears to be dressed as a Native American in a buckskin dress with fringe. Title supplied by cataloger.
Date Original 192-? - 194-?
Source 2 1/2 x 4 1/4 in. b&w nitrate negative. Item no. 1979.33.0339 in the Jean Thomas, The Traipsin' Woman, Collection, University of Louisville Photographic Archives.
Add tags for "Idiot" man with child and three women by old wooden house and shed.
Post a Comment for "Idiot" man with child and three women by old wooden house and shed.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.804352
Retrieved Text: Ariana Grande Debuts Lyric Video for "Everyday"
You're going to be obsessed...again.
Ariana Grande has had a pretty stellar week so far. On Monday (January 30), the latest Beauty and the Beast trailer dropped, featuring her iconic vocals on the classic title song – you know, the one that begins, "tale as old as time..."
Today, life got even more exciting for Ariana fans. The singer dropped her lyric video for her single "Everyday" featuring Future, which is from her Dangerous Woman album — and though it's not the official music video, it's still pretty epic.
In the video, Ariana is seen sporting that adorable mini-bun hairstyle while wearing a puffy navy jacket. She dances in front of a backdrop that's fully dark, save for a row of round lights behind her. As she grooves to the song, the lyrics appear on the bottom in hot pink letters, making it super easy to sing along.
If you need us, we'll be busy re-learning all the words – and copying Ariana's cool dance moves, of course.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.704079
Retrieved Text: VISIT OUR NEW ONLINE ACADEMY!
Similar to the Design Phase in an e-Learning project, many organizations skip the Prototype phase, thinking that their time would be better spent jumping right into development.
As many professionals in the Training and Development industry know, this can be a recipe for disaster.
Dictionary.com defines a prototype as a model on which something is based, or something that serves to illustrate the typical qualities of a class, model or example.
Some Instructional Designers create a sketched template using a tool similar to Balsamiq, to give the client a better visual of the final deliverable. You can create multiple slides within one project using this dynamic tool. This method can also be a time saver, and extremely helpful in gathering input from the client on the placement of various objects on the slide. And, changes can be made rather easily, before any development begins!
At Learn2Engage, we create a maximum of six slides for the prototype, which include the template for the title slide, a basic text and graphic slide, and a knowledge check slide. Next, we use content from the storyboard to populate the slides, selecting at least three different types of basic interactions, such as drag and drop, click/reveal, and a multiple choice or true/false question. These slides should be recorded in the LMS and verified during LMS testing. This phase is not only a great time to test interactions, but also buttons and menus. As a bonus, we provide intro music on the title slide and synchronized audio on a few of the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.700212
Retrieved Text: Think you can’t rack that slide? Try this.
Lots of new shooters, especially women, limit their options for handguns because they think they can’t rack the slide. This essential pistol function is easy and safe with the technique shown here, which simply add the laws of physics to your natural core strength.
Hand and strength is not really necessary when racking this way. I’ve seen people with a variety of hand disabilities, some quite severe, use this technique to master the gun they really wanted, not the one they thought their condition forced them to choose.
An added advantage of this method is that it’s always available when stress or cold has reduced dexterity in the fingers. That’s a real survival skill!
Check out this video and share it with anyone you know who thinks slide-racking is too hard for them.
Do you have any issues racking your semi-automatic slide? Did this method help you at all? Let us know in the comments below. And, if you have any other tips or tricks you'd add, please do in the comments, below.
Propper sponsored the summerweight shirt in this video. Gun belt by Exos Gear.
as an instructor, I like your videos and the simplicity of your teaching methods.
one comment on having students push the gun forward to rack the slide.
as I am sure you are aware, if they have a finger on the trigger they are likely to press the trigger while pushing the gun forward. I would emphasis keeping the finger off the trigger.
PS – I successfully taught a 95 year-old woman

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.570007
Retrieved Text: Fun and frolics with alligators in Los Angeles, USA.
Full title reads: "Animal Corner". American Universal Newsreel item.
Los Angeles, California, United States of America (USA).
Fun at an alligator farm - sailors watch as a baby alligator is sent down a slide into a small pool. The alligator is followed down the slide by a young woman. The sailors try to keep the alligators back as she climbs out.
Two servicemen pretend to ride on the backs of large alligators.
CU of winner presented with a crown of California oranges.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.460104
Retrieved Text: When using the application to design a slideshow, you can utilize a repeat function to duplicate a slide or loop playback of the presentation. In either case, the command is easy to access and apply.... 3. Right-click frame 20 on the timeline and select "Insert Blank Keyframe" from the menu. Note that the text box from frame 1 disappears and the stage is empty.
Click Movie Settings to adjust the output quality and video size settings. You can also choose the slide durations, to create a looping video and slide transitions under this option. You can also choose the slide durations, to create a looping video and slide transitions under this option.... Click Movie Settings to adjust the output quality and video size settings. You can also choose the slide durations, to create a looping video and slide transitions under this option. You can also choose the slide durations, to create a looping video and slide transitions under this option.
26/03/2008�� Best Answer: The only way to do it with Movie Maker is to drag your 26min clip into the storyboard / time line 5 times, however that will make a very large file. Just play your 26min clip in Windows Media Player and select loop (control+t, or from the 'play' menu select repeat).... Creating a movie using your photos, videos, and music is child�s play once you master Windows Movie Maker�s simple editing tools. Video editing seems daunting, but it�s very easy once you get to grips with a few editing basics.
If you are using the Burn

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.352398
Retrieved Text: Compatible with: Any theme & Editor like Gutenberg,Elementor, Visual Composer, Beaver Builder etc.
Image Sliders are bad for conversions and they cause banner blindness. They are boring and do not engage users. Eye tracking studies conducted by Neilson Norman Group found that as soon as visitors perceived something to be an advertisement they turned their focus away from it. Image sliders divide your user’s attention. Images on sliders represent different products or offers in the span of a few seconds. Your website user has hardly read a single thing when whoosh…the image changes and they have to refocus their attention.
Slider Hero is different. This WordPress Slider plugin focuses on your core messages, uses a background animation of your choice or a video background to keep the user interested and focused. The unique Call to Action buttons lead the users where they really need to be.
The other unique feature that Slider Hero provides is the Intro Advert builder. Introduce your products and services with a dramatic flair. Slider Hero typographic intro builder allows you to do something very unique. You can create stunning product introduction sliders like stunning Intros like “Apple – iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in 107 seconds” with chained animation and small snippets of texts combined with background audio of your choice.
Each text snippet can be assigned different text animation effect, animation delay, colors, backgrounds, font etc. Upload a music loop and voila – instant awesomeness. You can use Intro sliders for your splash page, coming soon page, product launch, and landing pages.
What happens

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.217628
Retrieved Text: Click on this title page to flip through an amusing spoof of illustrations from this old volume, courtesy of the "Creamed Peas" web site.
There was a middle-aged couple that had two stunningly beautiful teenage daughters. The couple decided to try one last time for the son they always wanted.
After months of trying, the wife finally got pregnant and sure enough, delivered a healthy baby boy nine months later. The joyful father rushed into the nursery to see his new son. He took one look and was horrified to see the ugliest child he had ever seen. He went to his wife and told her here was no way he could be the father of that child.
This Danier Leather video is older, but very funny.
Man: I’ll be frank with you. You’re not the first girl I’ve ever kissed.
Woman: And I’ll be frank with you. You have a lot to learn.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.153053
Retrieved Text: illustrated visions of aa allen, william branham, dumitru duduman, David E Taylor, Ken Peters , john mcternan, john kilpatrick, Henry Gruver, tom deckard, john paul jackson, about the destruction of america by russia and the timelines leading to the last days tribulation and the return of jesus. i am an artist illustrating visions from the lord given to prophets and ministers. Thank you for your support.
Sign of the Woman Revelation Begins September 2017 Final Warning is here !!!!!
On September 23rd 2017 there will be a sign in heaven that fulfills revelation chapter 12 a great wonder in heaven a woman clothed with the sun and the moon under her feet and a crown of 12 stars giving birth to a man child giving birth to Jupiter. This event unlocks the meaning of revelations and will start a sequences of events that will begin from the year 2017 and lead to the beginning of the tribulation around 2025 or 2030 but within our lifetime.
Revelation chapter 12 begins with the sign of the Woman on September 2017, now we can follow the fulfillment of scripture with events on earth from that time forward.
The woman Brings forth a man child king which is caught up into heaven and begins the first half of the tribulation as she runs into the wilderness for 1260 days. This event is a rapture of select young men and woman born from the church and begins the 7 year tribulation but the church will endure the tribulation.
The sign of 2017 signifies a time of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.09183
Retrieved Text: When you export a scribe directly to PowerPoint, the VideoScribe logo is included as the first "frame" in the slide/video. It effectively is a title image for the/each PowerPoint slide sources from VideoScribe. As a future enhancement, please consider enabling the ability to disable or replace the logo. An ideal solution for VideoScribe is to enable the user to set an image, graphic or text (or combination of text and image) as the "title" frame/slide for each PowerPoint export. The attached screen capture from PowerPoint shows how a presentation looks with two exports from VideoScribe.
In my opinion, this is more a bug than a feature request: Pro users should get random branding added to videos. Has this been changed or does anyone know a way around this? At the moment I'm trimming the first frame of my output in Keynote - it's pretty annoying.
There was a previous post discussing this with the process on how to remove the first frame from a Powerpoint presentation.
An alternative available to Pro users would be to render the video and insert it into a pptx file once it has published.
Of course, an easier solution would be a function in VideoScribe to disable the logo in the first frame.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.076834
Retrieved Text: Fading in and fading out: To make the video fade in or out, visit the (Video Tools) Playback tab and enter a time measurement in the Fade In and Fade Out boxes. For example, entering 5.00 in the Fade In box makes the video fade in during the first 5 seconds.... Finally, let�s make the lines fade out after they come in (this part is optional, if you like the way it looks). So, let�s select them again (by clicking and holding down SHIFT). Then, click on �add animation,� then go to Exit animation and select Fade.
For example, if you add a song to a slide you can trim it to play only a brief section. You can also add a fade in and fade out and can add bookmarks that allow you to jump to specific points in the audio file. how to break into cash register without the key If your video clip begins or ends abruptly, you can soften the intros and outros by applying Fade In and Fade Out effects. The Fade effect creates an animated transition between your first frame and your fade duration, and again your last frame and its ending fade duration.
Follow these steps to add Fade effects to the beginning and end of an audio clip in PowerPoint 2016: Open your presentation, and navigate to the required slide where you have already inserted an audio clip . how to change out the gasket on the espresso machine Follow these steps to add Fade effects to the start and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.074833
Retrieved Text: A garage requirements a sensible way to shop products or it will turn out to be cluttered and unusable. Sometimes a garage will become so cluttered that even beginning to thoroughly clean it up can be intimidating. However, it doesn’t have to be! Right here is a sensible checklist of ways to start arranging your garage storage area today.
Cheap baseball store is especially prevalent online. That’s especially simply because bats, gloves and baseballs are so simple to ship. Throw in the shoes and you are almost ready to go. It also became well-liked simply because many small groups and golf equipment required a way to get their gear without having to pay an arm and a leg to the nearby sporting items store. Numerous digital stores were fast to answer the need and provide great equipment at a cost that just about anyone could pay for.
Of program, if you really want to make sure that everybody is going to place ahead a good game, then you can also inquire for investments into attire that will function very best. For example, sliding shorts are often times utilized in purchase to assist players slide to a foundation with out hurting their thighs from the slide. You can also find footwear that will provide more traction to players during the game. Footwear with spikes in them are a good choice to help these who require great grounding prior to the operate.
Something that you ought to look for is multiple designs and makers of gloves, and how a lot one

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.82599
Retrieved Text: While everyone's been talking about "The Life of Julia," I've been investigating her "missing years."
Julia, you see, is the title character in an online slide show created by the Obama re-election campaign that explains how the president's policies give Julia a better life.
At age 3, Julia is enrolled in Head Start, a pre-kindergarten program for children from low-income families.
At 25, she graduates from college and is better off, the Obama folks say, because he's keeping her college-loan rates low.
By 27, she benefits from ObamaCare and the "free" birth control it forces insurers to provide.
The slide show follows Julia through age 67, with Obama-supported government programs helping her every step of the way.
But one item the slide show doesn't explore is this: At 31, when Julia decides to have a child, Zachary, there's no mention of a father or a husband.
There's no mention of anything that happens between ages 31 and 37 -- Julia's "missing years."
After some investigative research, I was able to determine Zachary's father's name -- and what happens during that time.
The father's name is JimboBob -- and, boy, is he different from Julia.
She's clearly a sophisticated, highly progressive liberal, free from the stodgy traditions of more conservative people.
JimboBob, on the other hand, is a country bumpkin who never attended college. He's a skilled laborer, working hard to make a decent wage.
He and Julia have a chance encounter when her government-subsidized electric car breaks down and JimboBob, having just wrapped up his shift, helps push it to the side of the road.
Julia's 30 and eager

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.822214
Retrieved Text: On the googleslide, that you have previously created, add a new slide and title it "Variables" (see template from TASK 2, Step 4).
a. Independent Variable (something that you will change or manipulate). Each project must have at least 2 independent variables. list the general variables you are changing, not the specific substances/conditions you will test (Ex: "types of liquid", not "sprite, orange juice, and water").
b. Dependent Variable (something(s) that will change in responds to independent variable). Things you are observing or measuring in your experiment in order to collect data and to answer research question.
c. Control Group (something that will not receive any experimental treatments, and will be used as a baseline to compare results).
d. Constants (factors that will stay the same throughout your experiment). Give at least 2 constants; most experiments will have more. DO NOT include methods of measuring/calculating as constants.
On the googleslide, that you have previously created, add a new slide and title it "Material List" (see template from TASK 2, Step 4). Use two column layout for this slide. You can change the layout by selecting "slide" from top menu bar > select "apply layout" > select "title and two column".
You may chose to include picture of materials by adding another slide to your googleslide presentation. On this page, see Step 3 Procedure-Part 2 Tips, for how to insert and label pictures.
On the googleslide, that you have previously created, add a new slide and title it "Procedure" (see template from TASK 2, Step 4).
Be detailed – one of your classmates should be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.676006
Retrieved Text: For the majority of the time you will probably only need to do basic editing, for example, removing sections at the beginning and end of your recording. Sometimes, however, you may wish to do more advanced editing, such as combining two recordings together, adding new slides into a recording or embedding a YouTube video.
Click on the ‘Slides’ option on the left of the screen.
To edit or delete a slide hover next to the slide you wish to change and slide on the three vertical dots.
Click on the dustbin symbol to remove the slide from the presentation. This will only remove the slide, it won’t remove the audio or video.
Editing a slide will allow you to change the title that appears in the Table of Contents, the time the slide appears and keywords for searching.
To add a new slide or slides, click ‘Add a presentation’ at the top of the list of slides.
Browse to find the PowerPoint file to upload. The presentation will take a few seconds to upload and will appear at the bottom of the list of slides. If the 'Processing' message appears for longer than you would expect, try refreshing your browser a few times. Sometimes the process is actually complete but this does not show on the screen.
Click on the timeline where you’d like to add the slide, then move your mouse over the slide you want to bring in and click the plus sign.
To add another recording into your current one click on the point in the timeline where you would like

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.66023
Retrieved Text: How do I add a slide in the second pane of my clip?
How do I add a video in the second pane of my clip?
How to add a Bookmark in a clip?
How to add a Quiz in a clip?
How to Zoom into the kPoint video content?
How to use callouts on a clip?
I use IE 11 and cant view some portions of the kPoint Studio clearly- why?
How to generate a kPoint Video ?
Generation is a process of merging all the Clips created in a kPoint Studio and creating a kPoint Video out of it.
Before generating a kPoint video, make sure the kPoint video has a Title. To give a title to your kPoint video, click on the Title bar on top left, as seen in the figure below. You can see a Success Message after the Title is updated.
You will see a confirmatory message on the screen as shown below. Click OK. A progress message is displayed on the screen, till the kapsule becomes available. You can now see your kapsules on 'My Kapsules' page.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.638716
Retrieved Text: Often when kids think of summer, they don’t think about math. Instead, they are running around outside chasing the ice cream truck or inside spending hours on end playing video games. What’s wrong with this picture? Sadly, when kids aren’t in school they aren’t learning and they can lose some of what they gained during the school year.
Especially when it comes to math, students are losing a lot of valuable knowledge. The “summer slide,” learning loss, or setback is when many students, especially those from historically disadvantaged groups, start the school year with achievement levels lower than where they were at the beginning of summer break. Research shows student achievement scores decline over summer vacation by one month’s worth of school-year learning (Brookings 2017). Therefore it is important that you keep your child practicing math over the long break to stay on track. But how do you keep your child inside doing math, when they want to run around outside? How do you pull your child away from their video games or laptops? Math & Movement has the answer!
Math & Movement materials keep kids active and moving to beat the summer learning slide. The bright, multicolored floor mats engage children and help them to associate learning with fun. It also helps them be healthy because they are exercising and practicing math, instead of being sedentary all day. There are several ways to keep your child learning while actively moving, even outside! If your child is learning to add and subtract, they can practice using the Add/Subtract

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.581873
Retrieved Text: I recently viewed the ScreenPrism video that argues for the strange, but convincing idea that the 1993 film The Nightmare Before Christmas makes for the perfect Thanksgiving movie.
He was a faithful Jewish man from a little town of Nazareth, engaged to a faithful Jewish woman. She was a graceful and humble young woman. She was shocked to hear from an angel that she would bear the child who would be the Messiah. Not only was she a nobody in the world, but she was a virgin, and would not marry for several months. Conception was impossible! What if people thought she had betrayed her fiancé, or slept with him before the wedding? But the Spirit would be upon her, God would protect her, and the Son would be born trough her.
I hate the title of my post. I think we’ve outworn all references to Hamlet’s speech. But I couldn’t come up with any better.
We sometimes run into what seems like a hard decision: I have a gift someone gave me. Should I re-gift it? Or is that tacky? Lazy? Untactful? Unappreciative? Selfish? Stingy? Inconsiderate?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.46444
Retrieved Text: In the fourth quarter of last weekend’s game against the Buccaneers, Browns QB Baker Mayfield ripped off a 35-yard run. As he began to slide to the turf, Bucs safety Jordan Whitehead zipped to the ball and laid him out with a flying helmet-to-helmet hit. Officials threw a flag for unnecessary roughness, but after a short conference, lead referee Shawn Hochuli picked it up because he decided Mayfield was technically an unprotected runner at the time of the hit.
As it turns out, the NFL agrees with Mayfield. NFL head of officiating Al Riveron highlighted the play in his weekly officiating recap video today, and he said the flag was incorrectly picked up. According to Riveron, the play should have drawn a flag because Whitehead lowered his head to make contact and because Mayfield had begun to slide. He begins to discuss the play 51 seconds into the video.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.430882
Retrieved Text: To make PhotoSwipe display HTML content in slides you need to define html property in slide object. It should contain HTML string or DOM element object.
// You don't necessarily need to have "html" property in slide object initially.
To avoid conflicts with third-party modules, slide that has html property, should not have src (image) property.
PhotoSwipe is designed for images, not as a scroller of text content. Use “custom HTML” feature as an addition, for example for slide with related galleries, an introductory slide, or advertisements BETWEEN images.
It’s strongly not recommended to add video or audio elements using this method (including YouTube, Vimeo etc. iframes). As HTML5 video blocks touch events over it in many mobile browsers (user won’t be able to swipe it). If you really need to have video in PhotoSwipe, you may add it as modal that appears when user taps on current slide, you can dynamically create modal in DOM and append it after .pswp__scroll-wrap element.
If you have initial zoom-in/zoom-out transition enabled, PhotoSwipe will automatically disable it if current slide has html, simple fade transition will be used instead.
By default PhotoSwipe will allow click event just on links (<a>) and their child elements. To change this behavior look into isClickableElement option or preventDragEvent event.
Zoom of HTML slides is not supported, yet.
Tip: you may download the example from CodePen to play with it locally (Edit on CodePen -> Share -> Export .zip).
Know how this page can be improved? Suggest an edit!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.349144
Retrieved Text: How to add locally stored video to DJ-MediaTools 2.0 out of 5 based on 1 votes.
It’s easy as pasting an URL of the video in Video Link section in custom item view in DJ-MediaTools.
Choose your Album where you want to publish the slide and in new Item submission view just paste the url to the video in “Video link” (1) section and it’ll automatically load the preview + add the title for the slide/item (2). If you do not want to use a default placeholder for video you can add yours in “Item image” section (3).
To create custom item/slide with locally stored video you have two options of doing so.
1) You can: Upload the video file to your server.
You can use FTP client. To do so, simply login to ftp to your server, navigate to place where you want to upload the video file. In our example I’ll just use the /Videos folder I made in /images folder.
You can use the built-in media manager that comes with Joomla.
Now create new folder (1) and call it “Videos” (2) then click “Create Folder” (3). This will create the “Videos” folder under /images folder in your Joomla installation.
The video is now available under: mywebsiteaddress.com/images/Videos/DJ-MediaTools---Automatic-Thumbnails-from-YouTube-and-Vimeo-movies.mp4.
Notice: Even though the location is same for both uploads (ftp and using the media manager from Joomla) the file’s urls are slightly different as Joomla changes the spaces to “-” character.

================



======= Instance Index 1428 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A boy runs slowly down a path. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: takes a huge leap into the air.

Ending 2: walks through a gate, past equipment and toy cars.

Ending 3: uses his hands as he swings on the swing set.

Ending 4: runs past several other boys and sees a man from the water washing plates in a kayak.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.757858
Retrieved Text: Mandira Bedi: I stay away from potatoes and sugar!
I have plenty arguments with my husband over exercising and he barely does what he has to, maybe two-three days a week. But for my son, I make sure he does what he enjoys doing. He enjoys running so him and I go for runs. Short runs, not very long distance where I run slowly and he keeps the pace with me. He enjoys swimming too. One hour of swimming in the pool gets him super tired and gets him super hungry. He is a very active boy.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.852694
Retrieved Text: Sitting up, she jumped at the sight of Pellar kneeling along the edge of the river. He rubbed a stone over his arms and hands, hoping to scrub away the mess that covered him. His forehead was creased, as he stared out towards the other side of the river.
“What happened in there?” Pellar asked, turning to look at her.
His brown eyes were watching her every movement, making sure she wasn’t going to lie.
“You don’t know or you don’t want to tell? Those are two different things.” Pellar muttered, rubbing the rock harder over his elbows.
“I don’t… I see pictures.” Liora didn’t know what else to call them.
She looked quickly over her shoulder hoping no one else had appeared. It was already strange enough she was telling Pellar about what she was experiencing.
“Everyone does, it’s called vision.” Pellar spat.
“No, I mean…” Liora stopped for a moment, swaying back and forth on her feet trying to find the right words. How was she supposed to explain it if she didn’t know what it was?
“All I know is one minute everyone was panicking and the next everything was calm. Your eyes glassed over, and these three hours of hell ended in twelve minutes of ease. Never in my years have I seen something go so smooth. So you tell me, what happened?” Pellar sat down on the rocks, facing her as he rubbed his thumb against the rock in his hand.
“Shouldn’t you be tending to the new momma and her baby?” Liora asked, looking back at the hut.
Liora bit

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.28468
Retrieved Text: 1. Gesar Khan the Commander: Gesar Khan had an army of angels of light and a fiery sword of spirit. He fought against darkness, ugliness, intolerance, fanaticism, hatred, and ignorance. This is an episode in which he organizes his army in order to start the battle of light against darkness. Slowly, higher and higher warriors come under His command. He gives the command of how to use their weapons of beauty, goodness, righteousness, joy, and freedom, and the army is released to fight… They fight until dawn when the Sun heralds their victory.
2. Lily in Tibet: Seven children are gathered around an unusual lily on a mountain in Tibet. Their admiration for the flower is so deep that they don't even dare to touch it. They kneel around the lily and try to drink its fragrance and colors. As the lily moves by the gentle movements of the breeze, the children hold each other's hands and dance around the lily. Early in the morning one of the children visits the lily and finds dew-tears on it. He runs to his friends to tell them how the lily cried at night missing them.
3. Golden Fish: A little girl lying on a rock in the river watches the dances of small golden fish in the clear river around the rock. Not far from her in the pine forests, a deer, with its ears up, watches her.
4. Quail: A mother quail with her babies is in the garden scratching for food. A black cat is watching them, but their

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.18374
Retrieved Text: Only a few days of summer left, so we head out to the beach for a relaxing afternoon. My daughter brings a friend, and they head down to the other end of the beach to Black Rock. Black Rock is at the north end of KaanapaIi beach, where you can jump off a rock formation into the ocean. My boys prefer the south end at an area called the Point. This is a popular spot for surfing and boogie boarding. The waves are too high for me to float in the water, so I sit in my chair, put on my headphones, and relax to some music as I watch my boys play in the water. My older son, Will, is a little more experienced and paddles out by the surfers to “catch some waves” on his boogie board. My little guy, Colton, decides to stay near and skim in the waves as they come up the beach. I watch a woman walk by, an obvious tourist. She walks down the beach, with her head down. I see pink splotches on her legs and back where she missed putting sunscreen days before. I think to myself, she needs to pull back her shoulders, and walk with confidence!! I glance at the water as a fairly big wave is coming in. An older woman with a strapless top gets hit by the wave, and comes up out of the water, with her top out of place. She quickly pulls the top back up, and looks around embarrassed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.121834
Retrieved Text: This film contains scenes of the Williams family children walking and playing with their parents on the South Downs and at the Salts' play area and beach in Seaford.
The film opens with the film-maker's wife, children and nanny (?), playing at the Salts' playground in Seaford. Their son and daughters play on a slide, a seesaw and swings.
The next section shows a short scene filmed in the backyard of the family's house in Longridge Avenue, Saltdean. Mr Williams 'acts' out various comedy scenes, peering over the gate, climbing into the yard and trying to pick up a ball which bounces out of his reach each time. He also attempts to ride a child's tricycle facing backwards.
The family take an outing to the South Downs, where they play several games including a game of leapfrog. The children run and play, and Mr Williams attempts to fireman's lift a woman (mother in-law?) but she falls to the ground laughing. The boy and his sisters roll down a hill and run around the grass together. Mrs Williams and the children pose in portrait, talk to and pull faces at the camera.
The film cuts to a shot of a field, with Mr Williams (playing a game?) slowly entering through the gate with binoculars, seeing his family in the field and slowly sneaking up on them as they pick flowers and grasses. They try to get away, running for the gate, Mr Williams scoops up three of them and runs around the grass, before they all fall over.
The last shots of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.849825
Retrieved Text: Allyson went to Europe, met a boy, ran away with that boy to Paris for a day, and then ran back when she was abandoned by that boy in an art gallery. Over the course of the next year, Allyson’s first year of college, her search for this boy leads her to find herself. Take a look at what the author has to say about the novel.
I read this for my YA Romance #bookgapchallenge in May of 2013. It started a little slowly for me; I wasn’t sure I was going to be able to get into it, and I wasn’t sure whether or not I’d like it. There was a point where I almost put it down. But because I decided that I was going to read 12 YA romance novels this year, I plugged through.
I was really intrigued by the character of Dee, who Allyson meets in her Shakespeare Out Loud class. He’s a different person with different people, and he has this line about how we are the people we pretend to be, which I think I’m going to need to think about for a bit. But I love how he’s complex, imperfect, and the friend that Allyson needs to help her on her path to move forward.
I was inspired by this book, and by Aristotle & Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe, and I wrote a song called “All the World’s a Stage,” drawing on the references to Shakespeare throughout the story.
I’m as excited to read the companion book, Just One

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.731367
Retrieved Text: The Little Boy and the Rattlesnake - A Cherokee Legend.
The little boy was walking down a path and he came across a rattlesnake. The rattlesnake was getting old. He asked, "Please little boy, can you take me to the top of the mountain? I hope to see the sunset one last time before I die." The little boy answered "No Mr. Rattlesnake. If I pick you up, you'll bite me and I'll die." The rattlesnake said, "No, I promise. I won't bite you. Just please take me up to the mountain." The little boy thought about it and finally picked up that rattlesnake and took it close to his chest and carried it up to the top of the mountain.
Here is the same story. Told slightly differently.
Often times young boys were sent from the village in search of a vision. This was the case of one particular young native boy.
He started to go up to the top of a mountain in search of his vision. And as he climbed up the mountain, the air got cooler and cooler. And he came upon a snake laying in the path. The snake was shivering, and said to the boy. "Please help me. I can't move, I am so cold that I can no longer make it any further down the mountain."
The boy said to the snake "No way! You're a snake, if I pick you up, you'll bite me!" The snake replied. "No, no I won't, I promise I won't bite you if you'll only pick me up

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.630978
Retrieved Text: An adverb is a word that modifies a verb.
An adverb does what its name suggests; it adds to a verb. It modifies and adds clarification and more information to a verb. For example: He runs slowly. In this scenario, run is the verb, and slowly is the adverb because it is adding more information to the verb, i.e. run.
In addition to a verb, an adverb also modifies an adjective, other adverb, clause, or sentence. It changes or simplifies the meaning of these things. It expressed the manner, place, time, or degree of the verb, adjective, adverb, etc.
An easy way of understanding adverbs is to understand that the adverb aims to answer questions such as how, in what way, when, where, and to what extent. For example: He plays the piano beautifully. – How does he play the piano? Beautifully. Hence, in this case, beautifully is the adverb.
Mary finished the test fastest.
He is an extremely nice boy.
Tom is a very graceful athlete.
He finished the task thoroughly.
Harry easily lifted the desk.
She hid the candy nearby.
Afterwards she smoked a cigarette.
Obviously, I don’t know anything.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.57305
Retrieved Text: It is a cold, dripping December morning and we are looking for racket-tailed drongos in the moist deciduous forest around Dhoomanagadde Raaste. As we walk down the trail, we see signs of elephant, gaur, wild pig and civet. A startled sambar stag runs away with thudding hooves. Very few birds are calling, and no drongos are in sight. A couple of hours pass and we slowly thaw in the growing warmth of the sun. And then, a racket-tail flies across the trail with a flock of jungle babblers! For the next ten minutes or so, it stays low in the undergrowth, feeding on insects disturbed by the babblers foraging on the ground. It crosses the trail again, and disappears into the foliage. We wait for a bit – it might come back. But it flies further in, and we follow. After crawling through lantana thickets, we reach a clearing and there it is again, in the shrubs at the edge. Other species have joined the flock – grey-headed and black bulbuls, flameback woodpeckers, hill mynas, a paradise flycatcher, a bar-winged flycatcher shrike, bronzed drongos and brown-cheeked fulvettas. The air is filled with the calls of these birds, but the drongo is silent at present. It flies off again, and after a while, we realise that we can’t go after it – the lantana is too thick here. So we trace our way back towards the trail. It is 0821 am.
As we step onto the path, a chital calls from the gully a few hundred metres to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.549591
Retrieved Text: Explore the city of Oshawa on two wheels slowly while traveling this local on and off-road urban loop.
On Sunday May 6, 2018, join fellow cyclists as we roll down the trails and streets of Oshawa.
Explore the city of Oshawa on two wheels slowly while travelling this local on and off-road urban loop. Start off at City Hall Square then head northwest along the Joseph Kolodzie Oshawa Creek Bike Path, and then some local on road cycling routes to connect us with the Harmony Creek Trail for the southbound portion of your trip, down to scenic Lakeview Park, and then loop back to City Hall. There are lots of cool spots to stop along the way – museums, restaurants, a stop at Second Marsh and more!
This free ride starts at 11am, departing from Oshawa City Hall, Civic Square (Centre Street); it runs rain or shine, and the ride will take approximately 2 hours.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.540539
Retrieved Text: This dramatic slide advertises The Unborn, a controversial 1916 film featuring an abortion doctor as a central character. The director (who obviously felt the need for anonymity) is listed in the credits as "Otis B. Fair," an obvious pseudonym.
"A young man from the city takes advantage of a young woman from the country [...] He abandons her and marries a member of his own group while she, now carrying his child, leaves home to work in a New York Factory. The man, now happily married, does not know he has a son. The girl he wronged dies, leaving their son to fend for himself as a newsboy. The man, yearning for a child, meets the boy and adopts him, not knowing the alleged orphan is his own son. The father accidentally discovers the truth about the boy's identity. "You are my son," he says to the boy. "So you are the man who wrecked my mother's life," the youth replies. He leaves home and returns to selling newspapers. Awkwardly interspersed into the film are scenes of a doctor who performs illegal abortions. When the police finally track him down, [and while attempting escape] the doctor shoots wildly. The boy, noticing that his father happens to be in the path of the bullets, runs forward crying, "Daddy!" The youth, fatally wounded, forgives his father and dies."
Just to be clear: The woman dies, the boy is shot and killed, the doctor (presumably) goes to jail, and the "man" is forgiven and goes on with his life.
According to modern

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.53521
Retrieved Text: Especially older people like to prank the little ones on several occasions. That's exactly how it was in a video clip that landed on the internet these days.
The security camera captured the moment when a man tackled one of the children on the floor on the hallway, but then regretted his move quickly.
In the video, you can see a scene when the kid runs through the corridor, when the man crosses his path. The child then stumbled and fell to the ground and the man, at the time of a slight regret, set him up for the boy to take revenge for his move.
To his misfortune, the little boy took revenge too seriously!
From the back side, the boy kicked the man, and obviously hit his masculinity. In the video we can see the moment when a man gets taken down in the pain after a kick. Lesson learned?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.523424
Retrieved Text: He sees the upside-down mottled reflection of another man on the surface of the water peering over the edge of the pond.
He thinks for sure the man will see his reflection too, but then he realizes that it is so dark in this little mini-cave that the man cannot see him. as long as he stays quiet he should be safe.
The boy is finally satisfied that it is safe to exit the pond, and he is cold and shivering anyway.
He follows this path and comes upon a giant opening.
It is shaped like a colosseum. A giant three-quarters bowl made of yellow stone.
Everywhere are holes and arches in the walls.
The boy realizes that each of these individual openings leads to a sewer drain, a street grate, or some type of drain from the city.
“I wonder what it’s like in here when it’s raining” the boy thinks.
First tens and then hundreds of other children appear from openings all around him.
Tribal in looks and behavior, they start hooting and hollering.
“Other children who were sacrificed, or just runaways?” the boy thinks.
After this the dream did the “dream thing” and went off the rails. All the kids broke out into song and dance like a Disney movie.
Has this single unwavering purpose, not even sure himself, just ‘knows’ he needs to follow this path, to go this direction, to get somewhere.
His sons leave down the same path he entered, everyone knows they will return in 60 or 70 years to start the process again.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.449535
Retrieved Text: 剧情：Mean Dreams is a thriller about a fifteen-year-old boy who steals a bag of drug money and runs away with the girl he loves while her corrupt cop father hunts them down. This coming-of-age fable brings together the desperation of life on the run and the beauty and wonder of first love.Mean Dreams is a thriller about a fifteen-year-old boy who steals a bag of drug money and runs away with the girl he loves while her corrupt cop father hunts them down. This coming-of-age fable brings together the desperation of life on the run and the beauty and wonder of first love.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.175104
Retrieved Text: “Yes,” agrees the owner, her voice annoyingly tranquil and smooth. “But if you can’t just pick it up, you can’t just drop it. Once a bond of love is established, it’s almost impossible to break. That’s part of what makes it so powerful.” Her eyes peep out of the darkness and look simply, openly at the pet. “Look.” She pulls a One Neopoint Coin out of her pocket and holds it over the kitchen sink. “Look at me just throw money away.” She opens her fingers and the little red coin falls, landing with a clatter. “I can’t pick up the love I hold for you and just drop it down the sink.” Her eyes track slowly across the ceiling and land on her pet, daring him to make a comment, do something to prove her wrong. Gladly, he takes the dare.
“Ha!” shouts the pet, leaping up and looking into the sink. “The plug’s in! You weren’t really throwing it away at all! Look, Mum, I’m going to take you to a place that proves the greatness of cash - cold hard cash, over love, and then will you give the lectures a rest?” The pet is a Shadow Shoyru, male, very cynical and sarcastic.
“If it really does show the greatness of ‘cold hard cash’.” The owner is a teenage girl, very peaceful and quiet. Slim and very withdrawn into herself. She’ll argue about anything and will nearly always win.
“Alright. Let’s go.” The pet starts for the door.
They make a strange pair going through the Marketplace

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.162928
Retrieved Text: "I'm a digital alchemist, turning code to gold. A peddler of hope, turning dreams into reality. "
A long time ago, a young boy was pulled from the ether onto the blue planet orbiting the gold star. This boy was not like any other child and followed a path into darkness, magic, and mystery.
Shrouded in this cloud of mystery, magic, and science - the secrets of turning ones and zeros into gold was slowly revealed to him.
What is the price you must pay in exchange for the Alchemy Coder's secrets?
All who desire to follow this path to riches must be willing to do what most are not.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.145832
Retrieved Text: In addition to co-creating the work with Pite, Young also performs the role of the central, traumatized character.
The first 75 minutes comes across as a post-traumatic stress nightmare that also includes some diversions, escapes such as Las Vegas-style performances, tap dance routines and some ballroom-worthy salsa moves.
In this nightmarish world, terror can come in many forms, including the statuesque Cindy Salgado, dressed as a Las Vegas show girl wearing sparkly briefs and bra, and a white skull cap with a small, triangular top that resembles a child’s party hat. She enters pushing a wooden box on wheels then pushes down on a detonator-type device that sets off a loud explosive sound that sends the cast running, jumping and falling in panic.
When the curtain fell on this 75-minute, dark, intense, powerful first half, I felt drained and exhausted. Thankfully, the 45-minute conclusion proves to be a much-needed balm, in large part because it begins and ends with Jermaine Spivey’s beautiful, effortless, fluid dancing. He opens this last section with his own, silken, “no bones” B-boy moves. In his solo that ends this work, he stands on one foot and slowly revolves, then runs in place, his body stretched forward with the finishing line in sight. Then, he jumps and seems suspended in mid-air, free of the gravity of worldly trauma.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.134249
Retrieved Text: The track the boy would ride around was worn down, and rightfully so. The school had closed a year or so ago because of things the boy was either too young or too dumb to understand. All he knew was they had left the playground and race track open to the public, a new public park to replace the loss of the school. No one had really taken care of the track when the school was there, and now no one was left to pretend to take care of the track. The red paint that had been added when the track had been laid was wearing off, slowly bleaching away in the sun. The white lines that designated where to ride had begun to fade long ago, and all the remained were light spots around the edge of the track and the remnants of numbers at one end. The boy had to ride the bus for a long time to get to school now, but he didn’t really mind. Dad always got home from work early in the morning and would make lots of noise, so the boy was up early anyway.
Every day after school the boy would come to the track and ride his bike around the track. Mom wouldn’t get home from work until the sun was starting to go down anyways, and he had nothing to do in the house. So every day he rode his bike around the track until the sun would start to go down, when he would ride slowly

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.127132
Retrieved Text: Winston Rayne wrestled with the wheel of the jeep, squinting forward into the horrendous night. Beside him, a boy. A disgruntled, resentful boy, his arms folded, his mouth pinched in.
“You have wondered, in moments of personal crisis, if the life imposed upon you would have been different if you had refused the burden. Tonight, you and I will discover what your life might have been. I am your companion in the past. Two more will join you for the present and the future."
“And who is behind all this? What face is hidden in the shadows of that hood?” He reached across with one hand and pushed the hood back. Inside .. there was nothing. Only darkness.
“Some gifts are anonymous,” the Phantom remarked, drawing the hood forward again.
The vehicle bounced violently and came to a shuddering halt. Outside, in the middle of the road, a man stood waiting. A couple of seconds later, he would have been mown down, left for dead in the mud.
He left without another word. The boy sat back, his shoulders hunching.
The boy jerked open the door and stepped out into the storm, splashing thru the mud as he half-ran, half-slithered after his father.
Heavily, Derek followed the hooded shape into the storm and then into the mine.
The boy was shivering and not just with the cold. “Father, what are you doing?” he cried.
Winston had the key in the sepulcher. At his son’s plea, he paused. And the Phantom of Past Decisions nudged the timeline, forcing both onto an alternate path.
The boy pocketed the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.98786
Retrieved Text: Think back to the exact moment when you fell in love for the first time.
That split second. That precise moment.
I can remember the day as if it were yesterday: from the light blue dress she wore, to her golden locks curved along her shoulders, down to the shocking tingle when our fingers touched. It was the happiest day of my life, and yet she didn’t even know I existed.
What if you had the chance to relive those moments? Would you take it?
I’ve waited almost ten years for her and my time has finally come.
This split second, this precise moment will change her life forever.
I spin around to face the nurse at the station and yell out, “Turn on the news, quick!” She bolts out of her chair and rushes to turn on the TV. Flipping through channels, she lands on New York News 1 and watches as the news anchor describes the terrifying scene.
I turn around and make my way to the TV to get a closer look. The nurse and I watch as the firefighter drives the ladder higher and higher. He inches closer to the building, stopping right next to a window, and shatters it with a hammer.
A cold chill runs down my spine. Oh god. We watch together as the fireman climbs over the railing of the ladder and peeks inside the window, disappearing into a cloud of smoke. Suddenly the adjoining buildings start to rumble, slowly crumbling into pieces. Pedestrians run as far as they can away from the falling structures, fearing

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.900242
Retrieved Text: Midnight at the Imperial Court of Emperor Frederick III. The court has been emptied for the evening of its usual crowd of sycophants and entertainers, of its alchemists, astrologers, doctors, faith healers, druggists, noblemen, ne’er-do-wells, priests, actors and occultists.
The emperor sits on his throne, apparently alone, brooding. He lifts a pale hand, slowly, lazily.
From the shadows behind the throne a tall, heavy figure emerges, swathed in a dark red robe that trails in the dust on the marble court floor. Maxim, the emperor’s right hand, his confidant and oracle.
“Sire?” Maxim says. He is tired, but careful to show no sign of this to Frederick. He runs a hand across the top of his shaven head.
“Sire,” Maxim says, ready to do the emperor’s bidding.
Maxim hesitates briefly before answering, wondering how many times he has had this conversation with the emperor, and then, depressingly, he wonders how many more times he will have it.
He bows, to try to emphasize the significance of his words, hoping they will be sufficient to keep Frederick happy.
Maxim sighs inwardly. It is not to be short, then.
Frederick is silent for a while. Maxim begins to edge away.
“But what then?” Frederick cries suddenly.
Maxim hurries back to the foot of the throne.
“Sire,” says Maxim, wondering if he dare retire from the emperor’s presence.
Maxim is tired, and would very much like to be upstairs in his chambers, asleep, but he knows there is little chance of that now. Still he is careful to show no sign of his tiredness, his irritation.
That should shut him up, Maxim

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.884182
Retrieved Text: Chihiro and her family are on their way to their new house in the suburbs when her father decides to take a shortcut along a lonely- looking dirt road. After getting out of the car and walking along a path for a while, they discover an open-air restaurant filled with food but with no workers or customers present. Mom and Dad don't hesitate to sit down and dig in, but Chihiro senses danger and refuses. As night falls, she is terrified to see the area fill with faceless spirits, but when she runs to find her parents, she discovers that they have been turned into pigs. She is found by a mysterious boy named Haku, who promises to help her. He gets her a job working in a nearby building, which turns out to be a spa hotel for the thousands of Japan's gods and spirits. Though the work is hard and the people strange, she does as well as she can. Her parents, however, are still waiting in the hotel's stockyard, and Chihiro must find a way to break the spell on them before they end up as the main course of some guest's dinner.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.864496
Retrieved Text: Plot: Chihiro and her family are on their way to their new house in the suburbs when her father decides to take a shortcut along a lonely-looking dirt road. After getting out of the car and walking along a path for a while, they discover an open-air restaurant filled with food but with no workers or customers present. Mom and Dad don't hesitate to sit down and dig in, but Chihiro senses danger and refuses. As night falls, she is terrified to see the area fill with faceless spirits, but when she runs to find her parents, she discovers that they have been turned into pigs. She is found by a mysterious boy named Haku, who promises to help her. He gets her a job working in a nearby building, which turns out to be a bathhouse for the thousands of Japan's gods and spirits. Though the work is hard and the people strange, she does as well as she can. Her parents, however, are still waiting in the hotel's stockyard, and Chihiro must find a way to break the spell on them before they end up as the main course of some guest's dinner.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.842241
Retrieved Text: On the back porch the breeze caught his hair and billowed through his loose pajamas. The night was cool and pleasant. The moon was just bright enough to illuminate a path between the wind-tossed sheets to the cover of the bushes at the edge of the yard. He made his way to these, and then carefully, pulling back branches, found a spot of bare earth where he could sit and observe the pond unseen by anyone.
Rory was naked, seated on his discarded jeans, close enough to the pond to have his feet dangling in the water’s edge. Zac could see his toes wriggling upward, forming luminous ripples. He was leaning back sipping from the bottle. His silhouette was rimmed with pale light making his skin look like deep blue silk occasionally dotted with firefly glitter of perspiration. He was humming a tune that was familiar but unnamable. A hand skimmed down over his chest and abdomen and rested comfortably just below his navel in the nest of hair. Zac studied him like he was the sculpted work of a master on display in a museum. Every contour where light found a hollow was more beautiful than the previous.
He finished his drink, set the bottle down, rose and stretched wide and luxuriously, allowing the breeze to find its way over and around his naked flesh. His long hair whipped like a flag in one direction until he tucked it behind his ears and slowly waded into the pond. Then he dived in deep and the wave plumes

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.840986
Retrieved Text: At seventeen, Anne found the love of her life in an ambitious, yet troubled ex-foster boy, but her wealthy family persuaded her to keep on her path to a prestigious career instead of running away with a boy with no future.
Eight years later, she finds herself with no career, little money, and a heart still pining for that ex-foster boy. When she accidentally runs into him—now handsome, rich, and working for the prestigious Pemberley Estates Corporation—she discovers he still hasn’t forgiven her yet. How in the world is she going to convince him to give her a second chance?
A modern-day retelling of Persuasion by Jane Austen.
Persuading Her is a stand-alone romance, but has a companion novel, Persuading Her, that tells Rick’s side.
Keena Richins spends her time trying to increase her typing speed so she can get the zillion of stories in her head out faster. Persuading Him is the first of many books to come, all clean, sweet, and heartwarming.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.8315
Retrieved Text: In a daring rescue, firefighters descended a narrow, 42-feet-deep well to rescue a 7-year-old boy who had fallen in.
The boy and his friends were playing near a construction site in the Henan Province in central China on Monday evening when he took a tumble and plunged down the hole.
His panicked friends caught the attention of on-site workers, who immediately called the police, according to CCTV.
Firefighters arrived on the scene within minutes and quickly located the boy. They also discovered that the opening of the well was only approximately 16 inches at its widest point.
The boy's distant cries from the bottom of the well can be heard in footage of the rescue.
"Nothing's wrong," a firefighter can be heard yelling to him in reassurance. "Coming down right away."
Firefighters then lowered Chen Yong -- whom CCTV reported to be the more slender of the rescue team -- to save the boy.
Chen Yong, equipped with a safety belt and rescue rope, descended the well as the team above said to each other: "Let him down slowly."
When Chen Yong located the boy, he secured the rope around his arms and the rest of the rescue team lifted them both out.
Approximately 30 minutes after the 7-year-old's fall, he was back on the ground and sent to the hospital.
Doctors said he only suffered minor injuries to his feet.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.75215
Retrieved Text: When a boy goes missing, a mysterious girl appears, This is how the series starts with along with a mysterious creator that's not even from the black lagoon.
In the first episode, the series opens up to U.S Department of Energy laboratory where a scientist was running through the hallways for his life from something. When he gets to the elevators, slowly the doors opens and as he gets in, just as he thinks he's safe, he gets snatched from a creator.
Just next door from the laboratory, is a town Hawkins, Indiana, where we meet four boys, Will, Lucas, Mike and Dustin, who were playing a game that's like Dungeons and Dragons when the game was about to get really good, Mike's mom ends it. Will, Lucas and Dustin head home on their bikes, when as soon as Will leaves Mike's light begin to flash in and out.
Dustin challenges Will that if he beats him to his house that he can pick any of his comic books, which he did and pasted his house as he was heading home. He passes an open gate where says no trespassing, he spots a mysterious creator and steers off the road into the woods and runs for his life. He makes it home with no one but the dog. He searches for his mom or brother but no one. As he sees the creator at the door he runs to the shed and gets the gun out. As he loads the gun and awaits for the creator, the creator makes

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.741062
Retrieved Text: Homework - Mucking about with a sentence.
This homework should help with how you can polish your work. Start with a boring sentence and then do one step at a time to edit and improve it. Show all the steps in your comment.
Change the verb for a more interesting one.
Change the noun for another better noun that is more specific.
Add some adjectives to describe the wall.
Check it makes sense and make any changes.
Choose one or two more things to improve the sentence: add a simile, add a subordinate clause to describe the animal, swap the end of the sentence to the front.
Check it makes sense and your adjectives and adverbs are applicable to the subject.
This is my example showing all the steps.
The cat ran on the wall.
The cat stalked on the wall.
The cat stalked silently on the wall.
The tomcat stalked silently on the wall.
The tabby tomcat stalked silently on the wall.
The tabby tomcat stalked silently on the old red-brick wall.
The tabby tomcat stalked silently on the old red-brick wall while the small red-breasted robin pecked at the seed.
While the small red-breasted robin pecked at the seed, the tabby tomcat, who was feeling hungry, stalked silently on the old red-brick wall.
While the small red-breasted robin pecked at the scattered seed, the tabby tomcat, who was feeling hungry, stalked silently along the old red-brick wall.
Comment your improvements to a boring sentence showing all the steps. (Using copy and paste will speed up the typing.) Choose your own starting sentence or use one of mine below.
The man fell from the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.681263
Retrieved Text: Boy Boy is a puppy actually.. it is just the most one year old plus plus. Dar adopted him during Beginning of March when i was still in Melbourne.. HE is very active and very intelligent. You can know it throughout my dar’s blog.
Boy Boy prefer to stay outside of the house as he got a lot of stray dogs friends. You can see him playing happily every morning and afternoon when dar is at work. And til evening.. he will wave his tail to wait for him to come back. Just before we went to Phuket… We build boy boy a so-called kennel. Just in case if no one can let him go in the house during raining time.. he at least have a shelter..
When we came back from Phuket, dar’s mummy tell us boy boy never want to go in the kennel we built. She say probably is too small.. He really never go in. But we still keep it in case it rains heavily. Last week.. or less than a week.. the council go around the neighbourhood and caught all the stray dogs away…! And coincidencely.. the day b4 the incident.. dar gave boy boy a collar.. Thats the reason he is not taken away..
But things started to change since then.. boy boy slowly bcum inactive… he doesnt run here and there.. he walk slowly.. doesnt wanna play so much.. and eat just a little.. We became very worry.. but.. he is still ok.. just a little bit quiet..
4 days ago.. things started

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.674303
Retrieved Text: It's Saturday Afternoon and I'm building another purposeful path through my garden. Taj-dog is snuffling along with me, poking his dog-nose in here, under there, testing out the curves.
I am a compulsive path edger, and today I need more stones. Taj-dog needs his weekly wash. We both need to visit THE RIVER.
Taj-dog loves the river. It is a dog paradise - spaces to run in, sticks to chase, water to swim in and stinking things to roll in. The river is also a gardener's paradise - river sand for making potting and seed raising mix, and stones for path edges.
So off we go with the trailer. Taj-dog sits expectantly in the back seat of the car, concentrating hard. As we turn into the metal road he starts squeaking. He knows where we're going. We arrive, he leaps out and the fun begins.
The trailer is slowly filled with stones, and of course they have to be chosen well. Some paths require smaller edge stones, others need fat pyramid shaped stones to act as miniature retaining walls. Oddly coloured stones are always welcome, and this river bed has lots of strangely marbled specimens. Geologists would describe the stones here as mostly greywacke.
While gardeners and helpful partners gather, Taj-dog races around following his nose. He sometimes finds ancient bones to crunch, occasionally spies a live rabbit and gives chase hopelessly, and always arrives back at the car a rather smelly dog.
The river is named the Waimakariri, and is a braided river fed from the mountains of the Southern Alps.

================



======= Instance Index 1811 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man touches a knife on a table. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: sets the knife on the edge and moves it back.

Ending 2: shows off the edges of the knife.

Ending 3: takes the knife and harmonica and begins to play.

Ending 4: picks up a sharpener and sharpens the blade of the knife on the sharpener.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.809282
Retrieved Text: The sun was covered, far behind the horizon of a small suburban town.
The calm of a regular evening in town quietly returned to the main street, preparing for a peaceful night.
It had been a busy evening at Mr. Brown’s restaurant and it was time to close for cleaning up. He went to lock up the front door, and hung the “CLOSED” sign on the door. While he was looking at the mess of dishes, cups, and leftovers covering the tabletops, there was a soft knock on the door. Through the glass door, Mr. Brown saw a well-dressed young man. His white shirt and tan slacks told him that he was not one of the low-income working men in this town. With a begging look in his eyes, he gestured, asking to come in.
“Good evening!” Mr. Brown opened the door and gave way to the young man.
“Thanks!” Relieved, the young man stepped in. He looked around for a table, sat down, and pushed the mess on the table aside.
Mr. Brown returned, “Please call me when you are ready to order”. He handed a menu to the customer, and then started cleaning up the table.
When the food was brought to him, the young man couldn’t hide his hunger; he pulled the dish closer, and reached for the fork and knife.
“Sorry, it’s one of my rules; please pay first, and eat second!” said Mr. Brown.
Looking up at the restaurant owner, the young man reluctantly put his fork and knife down, and got out his wallet. His face turned red

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.331648
Retrieved Text: 1) Month, Occupation: January -- January, as two-faced Janus, holding loaf in left hand, and knife in his right hand, sits on bench. He is flanked by man raising bowl in right hand, and by table set with knife, food and vessels; in foreground, flaming cart.
2) Zodiac Sign: Aquarius -- Two men pour water from vessels into cistern.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.290493
Retrieved Text: #20948537 - Poverty and hunger concept with a fork and knife on a broken..
#41980001 - A portrait of a hungry man looking at big hamburger in front..
#53498626 - Displeased young woman eating green leaf lettuce. Shallow depth..
#22091275 - Closeup of black african child holding rotten apple.
#36628360 - An unrecognizable man wearing black shirt sitting at a table..
#50253093 - closeup of a piece of paper with the text I am hungry in the..
#26746497 - Hungry labrador retriever is feeding at home.
#37352220 - An unrecognizable man holding fork & knife, sleeping head on..
#66770007 - Boy having stomach ache, cartoon style vector illustration isolated..
#34204608 - Longhair cat and Australian Shepherd closeups. Image cropped..
#36416818 - Man at dinner table with fork and knife raised. Hunger strike..
#53728632 - Displeased young woman sitting at the empty plate. Shallow depth..
#40890989 - Hungry pretty woman is biting hamburger gradually. Isolated on..

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.215494
Retrieved Text: A series of spoons, knives, forks, and chopsticks have all been designed to rest on your table without getting it dirty.
“Would you like to keep your fork?” It’s the worst question to get from a waiter as he takes my plate. My fork is resting on my dish for a good reason. The prongs are covered in the bright viscousness of my own gluttony, and I don’t want to spread that saucy shame all over the restaurant’s nice table.
But Cantilever flatware, by the two-man design team iLoveHandles, makes this plate-or-table debate a thing of the past. It’s a set of eating utensils, including a knife, fork, spoon, chopsticks, and spatula, that can dig deep and dirty into your food, but then rest on the table with the messy bits hovering above the surface.
Designing the spoon and fork were relatively simple: Since each is already angled, the challenge was just to tweak the angle to make it float. The knife proved tougher. “The puzzle was basically how to make something that is flat float above the surface–without adding a clunky support,” Moore writes. The answer wasn’t immediately obvious, and it wasn’t until taking a trip on a plane or train–Moore can’t remember which, but credits a lot of his ideas to these sorts of commutes–that he realized one half of the knife could taper like a triangle, while the other side would be normal and flat. He drew up some sketches, sent them to his partner Avik, and they began 3-D prototyping.
Luckily, iLoveHandles found the right taker

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.902864
Retrieved Text: Ingenuity incarnate. If there’s one universal truth to the man behind the Radic™, it’s that if he wants something done, he’ll do it himself. That was true when, at age 15, Ken Steigerwalt made his first knife sitting at his kitchen table, and it’s certainly true now as he releases this smarter, simpler, tougher everyday carry knife.
If you’re looking for something muted, covert, and slightly boring, don’t check Ken Steigerwalt’s garage in Orangeville, Pennsylvania. Ken is the type of guy that toes the line between knife designer and artist, and the Radic™ everyday carry folding knife is definitive proof.
The first clue that this is no ordinary everyday carry (it is named after the word “radical”, after all) is the eye-catching modified sheepsfoot blade complete with a satin finish. One push on the blade’s prominent thumb stud, and you’ll be sure it’s a showpiece. Manually open the blade 30 degrees, and the OutBurst® spring assisted mechanism jumps to life, completing the rotation until it’s caught by the locking liner and secured in place. Extended jimping on the backstrap finishes the sleek look.
Tough G10 handles prove that a true artist knows form follows function. They’re at once incredibly durable, easy to keep ahold of no matter the conditions, and shaped perfectly to balance out the burly blade.
Ken’s not one to play by the rules. The artful utility of the Radic™ shows his true colors.
Simply manually open the blade up to 30 degrees and the patented OutBurst® assisted opening mechanism springs the knife fully open so that you’re good

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.469894
Retrieved Text: WINCHESTER, Mass. (AP) — A man attacked a woman from behind at a public library near Boston on Saturday and stabbed her repeatedly with a hunting knife, killing her and injuring an elderly man who came to her aid, authorities said.
Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said the 22-year-old woman was studying or doing work at a table in the Winchester Public Library's reading room when 23-year-old Jeffrey Yao attacked her with a 10-inch knife. The woman suffered numerous slash and stab wounds to her head and upper torso, Ryan said.
The district attorney said authorities are working to determine a possible motive and whether Yao and the woman knew each other. Ryan said Yao was "known to police," but declined to elaborate.
Ryan said the woman's identity is being withheld pending notification of next of kin.
"I thought somebody fell down the stairs," he told the newspaper.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.42406
Retrieved Text: I opened the metal door and stepped into the small room to the whining sound of rusted hinges from years of neglect. Rolling the sleeves of my black shirt one after the other, I scanned the room in one sweep. Ose, my partner, leaned on the wall in a corner of the room, a towering figure partly illuminated by the dim fluorescent bulb that struggled to light up the room. His arms were folded across his chest, muscles bulging underneath the cotton of his shirt, eyes squinting as he was deep in thought, no doubt hatching a plan; he was a dangerous man in every sense of the word.
“Mr Aize, are you ready to talk?” I said walking towards a table in the centre of the room.
The recipient of my question trembled in his seat from across the table, bound by thick leather cords to an uncomfortable metal chair. He let out a muffled response. Ose still had him gagged. As though responding to my question, Ose stalked towards the man in the chair and landed a heavy punch on the man’s temple. I almost winced, knowing just how powerful his punches were. He dragged the man back into seating position by his torn t-shirt and pulled out the rag he had used to gag him. The man vomited as soon as the gag was out, barely missing Ose’s shoes. Ose looked at him with disdain, no doubt considering punching him again, but then walked away.
“Where are they?” I asked, stressing each word for effect.
It was

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.327707
Retrieved Text: Market traders will now be prohibited from selling dangerous knives after concerns were raised about a town centre trader.
Councillors said they were alerted by residents to a trader selling and displaying ‘combat knives’ and ‘fantasy knives’.
Hyndburn Police confirmed that they spoke to the trader about the legislation and asked him to remove three ‘lock knives’ that they ‘weren’t happy with’.
Now council leader Miles Parkinson said a ban has been introduced at Accrington indoor and outdoor market to stop any stallholder from selling or trading in any knives which are ‘not for a purpose of eating at the dinner table’.
Speaking at a council meeting, Oswaldtwistle councillor Marlene Haworth said the council needed to take ‘positive action’ to prevent knife crime becoming a problem in the borough.
She said: “Earlier this week I had three residents ring me regarding a person who has been selling and displaying combat knives.
“He has also been seen by the two residents that spoke to me showing and explaining the use of flick knives which he kept under the [counter].
“I do believe they are now called ‘fantasy knives’ to get round the legalities surrounding flick knives.
The concerns were raised to Hyndburn Police bosses earlier the same day at a council overview and scrutiny committee meeting.
Sgt John Kennedy told the committee: “I went to speak to the man [on March 14].
“It’s not to do with the selling of knives it’s to do with the possession of knives with an intent in public. There were three knives that I had a little bit of an issue

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.32677
Retrieved Text: THE DINER WAS dingy, grimy and dirty. He pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped the chair down before carefully sitting in the booth.
Alessandra had run, but he would have her. Soon.
He shifted in his seat. His feet clung to the sticky floor and he grimaced. Carefully using two fingers, he opened the menu then couldn’t bear to hold the germ-infested plastic in his hands. He rubbed the table with two napkins to protect his skin from touching the filth.
“Are you going to order or keep cleaning?” A young woman with streaked blue hair and a tattoo on her neck stared down at him, chomping her gum.
He focused on the table, gripping his trousers. She was rude, but she was probably rude to everyone. He should ignore the urge. He had more important work to do.
“Freak,” she muttered and snagged the menu from him.
He clenched his fists and watched with an irritated gaze as she grabbed a cup, poured coffee into it and carelessly dumped in nondairy creamer.
As if he couldn’t tell.
The waitress practically dropped the cup on the table. Coffee sloshed over the edge. She didn’t even bother to wipe it down. She sashayed away to another booth where a smiling young man winked at her.
They ignored him. They always ignored him.
She wouldn’t ignore him for long.
Abandoning the coffee, he stood and walked out the door. He took a half dozen steps and waited, an alley situated strategically behind him.
The girl ran out of the coffee shop. “You can’t leave without paying!” she shouted.
He

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.165537
Retrieved Text: The room was dark, because there was only one small window. In the corner I saw a figure. It was not a child, it was not a man. The figure was strange. He looked like a man, but he sat like a child, who was afraid of something.
The man-boy looked at me.
‘Yes, sir! Yes, Sir Lancelot! It’ll be all right. You’ll see your Mum soon’, I said.
Well, now my job was easier. At least, I found the boy. Now I have to find the way out of here.
I stood up and walked around the room. The walls were very strong, and there was nothing on them.
There was a simple chair and a table. The boy was sitting on the chair when I came in. Now the boy was standing next to me. He was very big, and that was strange. A very big little boy.
I pulled the table to the window and stood on it. The window was very small, but I could look out.
I saw nothing special – some chickens, a dog, two or three pigs. And a black sheep. That was strange. That was something to think about. But I’ll think about it later. Now we have to go out.
I looked at Johnny Lancelot.
‘Do you have your sword, sir?’ I asked.
And he gave me his knife. It was about 15 centimetres long and sharp at the end. That will do. I can use this knife to open the window.
Suddenly we heard a noise. Somebody came to the door. It was a big man with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.769053
Retrieved Text: The strength of a man isn`t seen in the width of his shoulders, it`s seen in the width of his arms that encircle and protect.
The strength of a man isn`t in the deep tone of his voice, it`s in the gentle words he whispers.
The strength of a man isn`t in the word he speaks, it`s in how he keeps his word.
The strength of a man isn`t in how respected he is at work, it`s in how he is respected at home.
The strength of a man isn`t how hard he hits, it`s in how tender he touches.
The strength of a man isn`t in the hair on his chest, it`s in his heart...that lies within his chest.
many women he`s loved, it`s in whether he can be true to the ONE LADY he`s trying to love.
The strength of a man isn`t in the weight he can lift,it`s in the burdens he can carry.
The strength of a man isn`t how much food he eats from your table, it`s in the effort he puts forth when you are unable.
The strength of a man isn`t in how he makes love, it`s in the understanding that there is more to making love....than making love.
second and his work third.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.75073
Retrieved Text: J. ran into a bar on Avenida do Pintadoa to escape a man she had been drinking with after he had stabbed her during an argument. She died at the scene.
Another trans woman has been brutally murdered in Mato Grosso. She was stabbed in the neck and elsewhere on her body after arguing with a man during a drinking session in the town of Sapezal.
The incident took place at the Bar Verde, in Jardim Sapezal neighborhood, late on Friday night. According to witnesses the two were sitting at a table drinking and talking, when a loud argument began. The man asked her to stop shouting and warned that he was armed and that he would kill her if she continued to argue.
She did not believe him but the man then pulled out a knife and stabbed her in the neck. She tried to escape by running into the bar, where she died.
The suspect frequented the bar sporadically while the victim was a few days in the city and was not known in the area.
The perpetrator was arrested on Saturday 13th April.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.709831
Retrieved Text: noun, plural knives [nahyvz] /naɪvz/.
a knifelike weapon; dagger or short sword.
verb (used with object), knifed, knif·ing.
to apply a knife to; cut, stab, etc., with a knife.
verb (used without object), knifed, knif·ing.
under the knife, in surgery; undergoing a medical operation: The patient was under the knife for four hours.
I took out my knife, my Ka-Bar, and knocked his teeth out, but they fell into his throat.
But in the next instant, Peters is stepping back to the table and snatching up the knife.
“Stand the f--- away from the knife right now, man,” the cop says.
The cop reholsters his gun, and it seems to have ended with no further bloodshed as he moves to retrieve the knife.
The trunk or branch is cut off; two cions are inserted in a cleft made with a knife.
I drew my knife, and then everything got dark, and the next thing I knew I was in the police-station.
Another form of knife suitable for paring the edges of leather is shown at fig. 60, B.
The knife missed the lung by half a centimeter,—cursed be the devil!
late Old English cnif, probably from Old Norse knifr, from Proto-Germanic *knibaz (cf. Middle Low German knif, Middle Dutch cnijf, German kneif), of uncertain origin. To further confuse the etymology, there also are forms in -p-, e.g. Dutch knijp, German kneip. French canif "penknife" (mid-15c.) is borrowed from Middle English or Norse.
1865, from knife (n.). Related: Knifed; knifing.
see at gunpoint (knifepoint); under the knife; you could cut it with a knife.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.574215
Retrieved Text: A MAN has been charged by police for wielding a knife in public and detaining a man during an incident in Wollongong on Thursday.
Between 2.30pm and 3pm, emergency services received reports that a man was threatening people with a knife while walking along Crown Street.
Wollongong police attended and were told the man had gotten into the back seat of a Holden Commodore. The armed man allegedly threatened the driver with the knife, demanding he drive him to his home in West Wollongong. The driver stopped a short time later and refused to take him any further.
The man then continued to threaten people with the knife while again walking along Crown Street.
Police went to a home on the Princes Highway, West Wollongong, a short time later and spoke to a 26-year-old man, who allegedly fought officers and resisted arrest before being subdued. He was arrested and taken to Wollongong Police Station where he was charged with wielding a knife in public place; detaining a person for advantage; resisting police; and a number of other offences.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.422817
Retrieved Text: Food1 - specialized studio to make advertising photos for food and drinks, menu of restaurants and bars, cookbooks and food packaging.
1,291 stock photos, vectors, and illustrations are available royalty-free.
MILAN, ITALY - SEPTEMBER 22, 2017: Fashionable woman poses after ARMANI fashion show during Milan Women's Fashion Week Day 2, street style on SEPTEMBER 22, 2017 in Milan.
MILAN, ITALY - FEBRUARY 21, 2018: Amiaya is seen outside Gucci during Milan Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2018/19 on February 21, 2018 in Milan, Italy.
MILAN, ITALY - FEBRUARY 21: A fashionable person is seen outside Gucci during Milan Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2018/19 on February 21, 2018 in Milan, Italy.
MILAN, ITALY - FEBRUARY 21: A fashionable couple is seen outside Gucci during Milan Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2018/19 on February 21, 2018 in Milan, Italy.
Fragrant pilaf with meat and vegetables top view on a plate. Isolated on white.
Close up of molten chocolate and pieces of chocolate bar. Isolated on white.
Spaghetti bolognese top view on a plate. Isolated on white.
MILAN, ITALY - SEPTEMBER 23: Fashionable woman poses after ARMANI fashion show during Milan Women's Fashion Week Day 3, street style on SEPTEMBER 23, 2016 in Milan.
Spaghetti bolognese on the wooden table. Top view. Fork, knife and towel.
Spaghetti bolognese on the wooden table. Top view with copy space.
Empty plate, knife, fork and towel over wooden table background. View from top with copy space.
Spicy fried potatoes with herbs and spices served in white plate. Top view on a plate. Isolated on white.
MILAN, ITALY - SEPTEMBER 21: Fashionable woman poses after PRADA fashion show during Milan Women's Fashion

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.246946
Retrieved Text: OSWEGO, IL — A good man with a gun stopped what would have been a deadly knife attack in his apartment building February 26, the Oswego Patch reports.
Not only was he able to save the life of the stabbing victim, but his presentation of an AR-15 scared the criminal so badly that he dropped his knife.
He saved two lives without firing a shot.
Police say it all began when someone with a knife attacked another person during an argument. Neighbor Dave Thomas, who witnessed the attack, went into his home, got his rifle and ordered the suspect to stop.
No shots were fired. The suspect was able to get away briefly, before police captured him. The stabbing victim was taken to a hospital, and is expected to recover. Police say Thomas has a valid firearm owner’s identification card and a concealed carry permit. Thomas says he is also a firearms instructor.
It’s a rare and fantastic blessing when the exact right person is put into the exact right situation and is given to react in the exact right way not only in a legal and ethical sense, but also in a press-friendly sense.
Here, right here, you see a good guy with a gun — an “evil” AR-15 — stop a bad guy with a knife without having to fire a single shot. I mean, it doesn’t really get more press-friendly than that.
Not only does this incident showcase what benefits a good guy with an AR-15 can bring to the table, but it also shows that when a bad guy

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.234846
Retrieved Text: Milwaukee police officers shot and killed the suspect in a fatal stabbing early Saturday after he returned to the scene and charged at them with a knife, the Milwaukee Police Department said.
According to police, officers were called to the 2500 block of N. 5th St. about 12:25 a.m. to investigate the stabbing of a 64-year-old man, who died en route to a hospital.
Police said the 49-year-old suspect fled the scene, but returned around 2:15 a.m. and charged at officers with a knife. Several officers fired at the man, and the knife was recovered on the ground next to him, the department said.
Police declined to identify the suspect but said he is a convicted felon and was on probation for choking someone. Police Sgt. Timothy Gauerke said no additional information would be released before Monday.
It was not clear how many officers were involved. Gauerke said in a statement that they would be placed on administrative leave according to department procedure. And the Wisconsin Department of Justice's Division of Criminal Investigation will investigate the matter.
Alphonzo Johnson, a neighbor who witnessed the shooting, said he believes police acted correctly.
"I think it was justified because he was a threat, and he wasn't following their commands," said Johnson. He said he watched the events unfold from his second-floor bedroom window overlooking the scene. "He got too close to them."
Johnson, a 56-year-old shipping and receiving worker, said he awoke at 1:45 a.m. to move his car so it wouldn't be ticketed. He was unaware of the fatal stabbing, but saw police tape

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.224106
Retrieved Text: I don’t know when the murder happened. I just found them stone dead. Their features were frozen in an expression of pure terror. Hmm . . . terror . . . What terrifies a person? Scary movies? Standing on the edge of a cliff? A serial killer with a bloody knife? Deciding to focus on my last idea, I started to walk toward the City’s most dangerous district, LowTown.
​LowTown was so named because it was filled to the brim with scum and villainy. It was the first place any decent cop should go looking for a murderer, but with the Police so corrupt nowadays, it was all up to me. Anyway, I was walking down the LowTown streets when out of the shadows a gang of thugs showed up. One had a handgun, the other two were unarmed, but they looked like they knew how to punch. “Hey you,” the thug with the gun said. “Give us your cash." From the way the thug held his gun, I knew it wasn’t loaded. I kept walking. Then I heard a thunderclap, something whiz past me, and a bullet casing hit the pavement. Looks like I wasn’t so right about the gun.
“I won’t miss next time,” the thug said, holding a smoking gun. I stopped. One of the unarmed thugs was walking toward me, presumably to take everything of value I had on me. I smiled. This was going to feel good. I swung around and punched the thug right in the face. The thug fell to the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.14151
Retrieved Text: Law enforcement can't get its story straight in the worrisome case of Ibragim Todashev.
What led an FBI agent, or some other law enforcement official, to shoot and kill an unarmed man in Orlando, Florida? The man, Ibragim Todashev, was being questioned about the Boston bombing, as well as an unsolved 2011 triple murder that he may or may not have confessed to committing. Does that sound sketchy? Don't blame me. Once he died, law enforcement started releasing anonymous, conflicting explanations so dubious that they warrant an inquiry all by themselves.
Did the dead man have a knife? A gun? A sword? None of those? Let's run through a timeline of what we've been told, and then assess all the information that the FBI hasn't released about the killing.
Ibragim Todashev is shot in the early morning hours. At least three law enforcement personnel, including at least one FBI agent, were reportedly present. Later that day, The New York Times quotes "officials" from either the Massachusetts State Police or the FBI. They say that after two hours of questioning in his apartment, Todashev "exploded and leapt at" an FBI agent. A second "law enforcement official" told the Times that "the shooting occurred after Mr. Todashev had admitted his role in the killings" -- the 2011 triple murder -- "and had also implicated Mr. Tsarnaev. The official said he had begun writing out a statement when he asked to take a break."
They got him to confess to the homicides, and they say, 'Let's write it down,' and he starts writing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.07997
Retrieved Text: california king bed bug cover king bed bug mattress cover wonderful good quality bed bug protection mattress covers buy pertaining king bed bug mattress cover california king bed bug protector califor.
sapele wood cutting board home ideas magazine home renovation ideas app.
night light emergency flashlight power failure light rechargeable flashlight night light single etekcity 2 pack led night light flashlight rechargeable emergency light 3 in 1 night light emergency fla.
stainless steel man knife holder knife rack stainless steel magnetic knife rack knife rack stabbed man country home ideas magazine home improvement ideas app.
mattress stores in chehalis wa furniture world n market blvd furniture stores mattress stores chehalis wa furniture stores chehalis wa.
table ice chest outdoor rustic wooden cooler bar serving or console table bar cart or mini fridge bar cabinet and patio furniture bar em e gourmet.
purple floor cushion splatter no i purple floor pillow large purple floor cushions.
how to build a wood fire pit build this fire pit as a gas fire pit instead of wood burning using a how can i build a fire pit on a wood deck build outdoor wood burning fire pit.
how to test water hardness at home simple way to check for hard water in your house water hardness test strips home depot test water hardness at home.
dimmable picture light led ceiling lights butterfly chandeliers flush mount ceiling lights 3 6 8 heads light ceiling led kitchen lighting fixture from dimmable antique brass picture light dimmable chr.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.985302
Retrieved Text: A 30-year-old man has been jailed for 12 months for being in possession of a knife.
Aiden Sherwood, of Radford Road, was seen following a man in Radford Road at around 8.50am on 11 January 2019. He then proceeded to remove a large knife from his trousers and thrust it towards the man.
The incident happened outside Radford Road Police Station and officers swiftly rushed to detained Sherwood, pursuing him as he attempted to flee the scene. The knife, which was around 30cm long, was recovered, having been disposed of as he ran.
Sherwood pleaded guilty on 18 March 2019. He was convicted of possessing a bladed article in public and affray and sentenced on 18 March.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.97783
Retrieved Text: Machine translated chapter 815 of Almighty Student light novel.
„That is I opens.” Xia Tian sits there light saying. „Depends on you? Have you entered the restuarant? That restuarant builds according to the British Imperial family scale completely, depends on you also to match to enter that place?” Very the men disdain looked at Xia Tian one, he has sized up on the body of Xia Tian, the clothes that Xia Tian wears were really too casual, radically was the clothes of that not being able to amount to something. Such person unexpectedly also dares saying that dining room is he opens. This is too not concerned about face simply. „Outside Jianghai University 80% constructions now are my.” Xia Tian very optional saying, he does not know where took a kitchen knife, is gesticulating own left hand in that he as if really must cut his left hand to be the same. „You were not the paranoea, was the neurosis.” That man thinks that Xia Tian is a neurosis. „This you looked, you were really too quick-witted.” A Xia Tian face admiration looks that man said: „I also saw two to look like you such quick-witted person before, is in a report looks.” „Said that Jin announced: 10 years, must make the North Korean astronauts land Sun! The reporters in America asked: Is the solar temperature so high comes up? Immediately complete silence. Everybody does not know how to reply. At this moment General [gold/metal] saying slowly: Our darkness goes! Immediately the audience North Koreans break out

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.921034
Retrieved Text: Coconut is a delicious and versatile food but if you’ve ever tried to open one you know they can be a hard nut to crack. Those of us who live in the tropics where they are common might reach for a machete, drill, or saw to open them, which is often a messy and sometimes dangerous ordeal. Realizing that a coconut is just a large nut with a shell like any other, [Paul] of [Jackman Works] decided to build a nutcracker big enough to crack a coconut, which turns out to be almost exactly human-sized.
The nutcracker is built almost entirely out of reclaimed wood. Several rings made of many blocks of wood were constructed on the table saw before being glued and clamped together. Once the rings were stacked and glued to each other, [Paul] put them on a lathe to get a smooth finish. Then the arms, legs, body, and head were all assembled. The actual nutcracking mechanism is one of the few metal parts in this build, a long threaded rod which is needed to handle the large forces required for cracking the coconut.
Once the finishing touches were put on the nutcracker, including boots, a beard, some hair, and of course a pom-pom for his hat, [Paul] successfully tested it by cracking a coconut open. This build is exceptionally high quality and is definitely worth scrolling through. He runs a wood shop in DC where he builds all sorts of interesting things like this, including a giant wooden utility knife.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.897139
Retrieved Text: A Texas police officer has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the fatal shooting of a man who charged at him with a knife. The body cam footage of the incident can be seen above.
According to a Denton Police Department press release, Officer John Landolfo and his trainee, Officer Je’Ni Nelson, were parked in their patrol vehicle on Feb. 19 when a man walked up from the back and started yelling at them. The officers got out of the vehicle and started to approach the man, who pulled out a knife. He then threatened them with the knife and started to walk toward a wooded area.
Both officers followed the suspect, ordering him multiple times to stop and drop the knife. The man ignored their commands. Instead, he disappeared further into the wooded area.
Landolfo’s body cam footage shows him chase after the man. Suddenly the man comes out of the woods and starts wildly swinging the knife. Landolfo fires his Taser X2 to stop the man from advancing. The man falls to the ground, but he quickly gets back up. Landolfo deploys the Taser again, but it has no effect.
The man continues to aggressively approach the officers while swinging the knife. That’s when Landolfo drops his Taser and pulls his duty gun. He fires two rounds, hitting the man in the face and chest.
Paramedics were called immediately after the shooting. In addition, the officers attempted first aid using a medical kit given to them by the first backup officer to arrive. Despite this, the suspect, identified as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.856827
Retrieved Text: Thinking about the rooftop story gives Charlotte the sensation of falling the wrong way down a telescope. As she falls, she becomes smaller and smaller until there she is, a good sixty years younger, in the farm laborer's cottage of her childhood, all of them – Mum, Dad, Jennifer, herself, Paul and little Lizzie – squeezed around the table for their Sunday lunch in the tiny front room with the pale green walls and cracked linoleum floor. Outside the window her mother's geese crane their necks across the path, the lilac tree bursts with purple blossom, and from the other side of the wall come fingernail scratches as Blackie teaches her kittens how to search for mice around the coal pile in the lean-to.
"Now," her father is saying. "Is everyone ready? Then let me tell you about…" He loves to tell stories over Sunday lunch about his youth in a small village on the edge of the Vienna Woods, before Anschluss and his escape to England. He's learned his English from reading The Times so is always very correct in his vocabulary and grammar if not in his pronunciation. He says willage, for example, and melancholy.
Sunday lunch, if it has been a good week, is roast beef, Yorkshire pudding, potatoes and cabbage. If it hasn't been a good week, there might just be potatoes, cabbage, the stories and an apple from Mrs. Dwight's orchard.
Mrs. Dwight said they could help themselves to any fallen apples, a sure sign, according to Charlotte's Mum, of a guilty conscience. She'd

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.822289
Retrieved Text: Student Shadab Gul swung a baseball bat three times at a man who was carrying a knife.
The 20-year-old stopped his car in Tunstall after spotting the man look at him as he held the blade.
Gul then climbed out of the car and wielded the wooden bat at the man who tried to use a bicycle as a shield.
Police intervened but the defendant was abusive and struggled with officers during his arrest.
Now Gul, of Furlong Road, Tunstall, has been handed a suspended jail sentence at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court.
Prosecutor Antony Longworth said plain clothes officers were in Furlong Road, Tunstall, on August 9 when they saw a Volkswagen Golf drive up and down the road.
Mr Longworth said: “It came to an abrupt stop about 100 yards away. The officers saw the defendant jump out the driver’s seat. He took out a wooden baseball bat. They watched as he ran towards the pavement where there was a man on a push bike.
“The defendant approached the man with the bat, swung it over his right shoulder and held it in the direction of the other man.
“The other man stumbled back against the wall. He picked up the bike and held it as a shield. The defendant was seen to swing the bat twice more.
“The police drove to just behind the defendant’s Golf which caused him to stop and walk towards the police.
“The other man made his escape, leaving his bike on the floor.
The defendant told police the man had a knife in his hand so he took out the baseball

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.813871
Retrieved Text: Jesper Jacobsen, a man with a minimalist taste in interior design and an eye for creative art, had just bought a beautiful two room flat in the most upcoming and vibrant part of Stockholm. Finding the right lights for his new home was as important as finding the right furniture.
Signature Chop Light, a carefully balanced designed made out a vintage Danish mincing knife, was a design he instantly fell for. A thoughtful decision indeed, as it stole just the right amount of attention there on the windowsill. In addition, a customized minimalist solution of brass lamp holders and naked bulbs, hanging from white, braided textile cables, where added over the dining room table.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.786596
Retrieved Text: An Arayawa was sitting in the corner of the establishment speaking with a man and a woman on the perfect philosophy of negation.
"I still do not understand," said the man, "what it means to rightfully negate and to wrongfully negate."
"The difference," said the Arayawa, "is whether or not coercion is involved."
"And this is why I have the right to say no for myself," replied the woman, "but I do not have the right to say no for others."
"But I still do not see the coercion," cried the man, "that just seems like a disagreement or a suggestion."
Just then, two men walked up who were sitting at a nearby table.
"Well, I think you are speaking lies," said the first man.
"And, we don't allow lairs in here," said the second man, pulling out a club.
The Arayawa spun into a crouching position and leaped up, working his knife up and under the second man's throat and pushing him into the wall!
The establishment went silent as a drop of blood trickled from the point of the knife the Arayawa was holding to the man's throat.
"The difference, you see," said the Arayawa, "is that any person may disagree with me, but no person may silence me. For in disagreeing with me, a person merely states their own right of negation.
"But in any degree that a person tries to silence me, they attack my right of negation. I may then do what is necessary in order to defend that right. For the right may be defended as though the one doing the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.773846
Retrieved Text: The cover of the July 1958 Sir! magazine depicts Jim Bowie's fabled knife duel with a Mexican in which their left hands were tied together and their pant legs nailed to a log. The blades look disappointingly small, Bowie looks like an actor in a 1950s TV western, and the Mexican has a bandolier of metallic cartridges that would not be invented for another 40 years, but what the painting lacks in accuracy it makes up for in dramatic action.
The interior story is reprinted below, in its entirety. It describes several of the legendary fights of Bowie. The accounts include numerous factual errors and exaggerate the details to a degree unmatched by anything published previously.
They called him The Young Lion. He was tall, with blond hair and broad shoulders that hunched when he walked. The great American Southwest saw many giants, but none to compare with the incredible legend of Jim Bowie.
Slave runner, land baron, soldier, fortune hunter--Jim Bowie was all of these. But the pages of history accord him special recognition for his feats with the terrible weapon that was named after him--the sharp, glinting, murderous Bowie knife.
According to eyewitnesses, Jim became a cold-blooded, cat-like man when the angry blade was in his hand. It was short and broad, with a razor-sharp edge, and weighed over a pound. One quick slice was enough to spill a man's guts out in a gray-green pool on the ground.
It was in 1831 that Jim Bowie first used this weapon. He returned to his boyhood home of Washington, Arkansas,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.769733
Retrieved Text: SAN DIEGO -- San Diego police Sunday released the name of the man who was shot dead when he allegedly turned on police officers with a gun in Hillcrest Friday night.
Joshua Adam Sission, 30, of San Diego, was the man who died in police gunfire after ignoring commands to stop and drop the knife, police said.
Following his death, police also discovered that Sisson was wanted on a warrant for alleged felony parole violations.
Sisson had attacked his boyfriend and attacked police in the the 4200 block of Sixth Avenue at about 10:35 p.m. Friday, said San Diego police Lt. Manny Del Toro.
The officers had been called to a report of domestic violence in progress in the 500 block of Lewis Street, Del Toro said. Sisson had reportedly held a knife to his boyfriend's neck.
The suspect fled the residence and a San Diego police helicopter unit saw the suspect in the 4200 block of Sixth Avenue, he said.
Officers went to that location and found the man, and commanded him to stop, Del Toro said.
"The knife- wielding suspect refused to comply. The suspect aggressively advanced towards the officer with the knife," Del Toro said.
A large kitchen knife was found next to the suspect, he said. The man was taken to a hospital where he died from his wounds.
The officer was not hurt and captured the incident on his body camera, Del Toro said.

================



======= Instance Index 1877 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: An athlete leans forward, and starts running. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: jumps over a high beam onto a mat backwards.

Ending 2: then jumps high over a bar, through a hallway, and down a runway.

Ending 3: runs the open runs of a track.

Ending 4: jumps over weights and raises his arms up in the air.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.819765
Retrieved Text: Jean Echenoz’s Running is a fictional investigation of the life and athletic genius of Emil Zátopek, a Czech long-distance runner who is widely regarded as one of the great runners of the 20th Century.
Against all odds, he soon starts enjoying himself. He doesn’t say anything but seems to be getting into it; after a few weeks he even begins running on his own, just for the pleasure of it, which astonishes him, and he prefers not to mention this to anyone. After nightfall, when no one can see him, he does the round trip between the factory and the forest as fast as he can. Although he doesn’t breathe a word about this, the others catch on in the end, pressure him again, and, too nice a guy to resist for long, he gives in since it means so much to them.
Well, nice as he is, he begins to realize that he likes a good fight: the first few times they let him loose on a track, he goes for all he’s worth and easily wins two races, of 1,500 and 3,000 meters. People congratulate him, encourage him, reward him with an apple and a slice of bread and butter, tell him to come back again and he goes back again and starts training in the stadium, at first for a laugh but not for long.
Emil’s running style and training methods are self-taught and unorthodox—Echenoz makes a few attempts to describe Zátopek’s strained and painful-looking style—but these methods prove effective for Emil. He begins winning races

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.58442
Retrieved Text: Pre-schoolers develop memory and recall skills as they sing and recite songs and poems. They also help children to learn the wonderful sounds of language.
Try these sport and game inspired counting rhymes, finger plays and action songs this summer with your baby or toddler.
Why not attend a rhyme time or baby bounce session at your local public library and share in the fun with others?
The text and prompts associated with these GAME ON themed rhymes, finger plays and action songs are the re-purposed original compositions of the 2017 SRC Team and State Library of Queensland, and licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia. You are free to copy, communicate and adapt these works so long as you attribute State Library of Queensland.
This little athlete starts running straight away.
Off she goes–running, running, running away!
This little athlete likes the long jump.
Off he goes–jumping, jumping, coming up trumps!
This little athlete likes to swim.
Off she dives– swimming, swimming, swimming for the win!
This little athlete likes to shot put.
Off he goes–spinning, spinning, throwing. Don’t drop it on your foot!
This little athlete likes to pole vault.
Off she goes–running, jumping, soaring like a catapault!
It’s time for your applause!
9, 10. There are all of our friends.
We’re just in time for the game to begin!
One became a cricket coach, and then there were four.
Four sporting legends are watched on TV.
One became a commentator, and then there were three.
Three sporting legends are wondering what to do?
One became a referee, and then there were two.
Two sporting legends–see how fast they can run!
One entered a marathon, and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.553644
Retrieved Text: How should a young athlete measure out their long or triple jump run-up? Where should they start on the runway? How long should their run-up be? These are some of the most common questions that I am asked.
Firstly, it is worth knowing that a young athlete can use exactly the same run-up for both the long jump and the triple jump. Therefore, once an athlete has developed a long jump run-up, they also have a triple jump run-up.
Find out which foot the athlete jumps off. Is it their left or right foot that hits the board? This is their “take-off” foot.
Ask the athlete to show you how they like to stand at the start of their run-up. Is their take-off foot forward or back? If it is forward, the athlete will need to take an even number of steps in their run-up to ensure that this foot hits the board. If it is back, they will need to take an odd number of steps in their run-up.
(TIP: Some athletes will tell you that they “don’t know” which foot they like forward at the start of a long jump run-up. If this occurs, ask them to show you a standing “On Your Marks” racing position. The position that they take is generally how they will begin their long jump run-up).
Using the information gained from Steps 1-3 you can now determine the exact number of strides that the athlete will initially use in their run-up.
e.g. A 13 year-old athlete should take about 12-14 strides in their run-up. If

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.551224
Retrieved Text: Revere’s Joe Ciccarello is getting set to turn in his hockey jersey for a ball cap, as he does every year. The Patriots’ softball coach is looking forward to the new season, which starts on April 5 at home against Chelmsford.
Additionally, Victoria Correia is back to play third from last year’s 13-7 team. “We’ve got some experience coming back, but it’s going to be mixed in with some inexperience from the younger kids and new faces,” Ciccarello said.
A Revere High School student-athlete alumnus is looking to her community to support the Martin Richard Foundation. Ariana Coniglio is a former Patriots cross-country and track runner who set school records. She is organizing a walkathon for Saturday, April 7 from 3 to 7 p.m. at Harry Della Russo Stadium. Her goal is to raise $15,000 for Team MR8 via her walkathon.
Coniglio is running the Boston Marathon this year; she was at the finish line during the marathon bombing in 2013.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.45283
Retrieved Text: Prior to starting this workout, each athlete will need to create a long straight line on the floor and place their box on the center of that line. This workout begins with the athlete seated on the rower.
At the call of “3, 2, 1… go!” the athlete will reach for the handle and begin to row. Once the monitor says 13 calories he stands up and moves to the box and performs 8 burpee box jump-overs, then moves on to the pull up bar and performs 5 Toes to Bar. The athlete will continue in the same fashion for 17 minutes.
This workout ends when the 17 minutes elapse. Every repetition counts in this workout. The athlete’s score will be the total amount of repetitions performed.
The monitor on the rower must be set to zero at the beginning of each row. The athlete or the judge may reset the monitor. The athlete must stay seated on the rower until the monitor reads 13 calories.
The burpee box jump-over starts with the athlete facing the box while touching their chestand thighs to the ground, and finishes with the athlete jumping over the box. In the bottom position, to ensure the athlete remains perpendicular to the box on each rep, the center of the athlete’s chest must be on the line, and the feet and hands must be straddling the line.
There is no requirement to stand tall while ontop of the box. A two-foot takeoff is always required, and only the athlete’s feet may touch the box. The athlete may

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.211597
Retrieved Text: ​​Alex has over 17 years of competitive cycling (Road, CX, Track, and MTB) and running experience. He ran track and cross country in high school and college and began cycling in 2007 after graduating from the University of Maryland. He raced as part of a four-man team in Race Across America in 2008 on a fixed-geared bike and began competing in road, mountain, and cyclocross races.
​ In 2010, Alex joined the U.S. Army and commissioned as an Infantry Officer and has continued to excel at bike racing ever since. In 2015 he began working with Otterhaus as a client, and saw a breakout year where he earned several top regional finishes, his Category 1 upgrade, was selected to represent the United States as a member of the US Armed Forces Cycling Team for the World Military Games in South Korea, and was named the US Army Athlete of the Year.
As a successful Army officer and father, he understands how to excel as a time constrained athlete and recognizes that maintaining a good work-life balance with endurance sports is one of the most important parts of individualized athlete plans. He is qualified to coach running and cycling (all disciplines) and looking forward to getting you on the right track with your fitness, racing and coaching needs.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.541073
Retrieved Text: Purpose: This exercise develops the Soldier's ability to carry a conscious or unconscious Soldier of comparable size (Figure 9-48).
Starting Position: Soldier “B” assumes the prone position, arms overhead. Soldier “A” straddles Soldier “B” and squats, reaching under Soldier “B’s” armpits. Soldier “A” stands lifting Soldier “B” to his knees. Soldier “A” continues to lift Soldier “B” to his feet, leaning him back slightly to lock the legs. Soldier “A” raises one of Soldier “B’s” arms overhead and walks under the arm to the front of Soldier “B,” oriented sideways to Soldier “B.” Soldier “A” bends his knees and leans forward, placing one arm through Soldier “B’s” legs. Soldier “A” leans Soldier “B” forward until he lies across Soldier “A’s” shoulders. Soldier “A” stands up, lifting Soldier “B” off the ground. Soldier “A,” using the hand of his arm that is between Soldier “B’s” legs, grasps the wrist of Soldier “B’s” arm that is hanging over Soldier “A’s” shoulder.
Movement: Soldier “A” moves 25-yards at quick time; then Soldier “B” dismounts; the Soldiers then change positions and return to the starting point.
Soldier “A” should squat low and grasp Soldier “B” under the arms to lift him from the prone position. Soldier “A” may clasp his hands in front of Soldier “B’s” chest to help him lift Soldier “B” to his feet.
Position Soldier “B” over the shoulder during the carry. Secure the position with one hand, grasping Soldier “B’s” forward arm.
Precautions: Keep back straight and use legs to lift Soldier to the carry position. All movement in the carry

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.320265
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Usain Bolt says he is not yet ready for a duel with Justin Gatlin but is looking forward to silencing the confident American in a Beijing sprint "explosion" at the world championships in August.
While the Jamaican has eased into the season after an injury-disrupted 2014, Gatlin has set the fastest times of the year in both sprints and declared himself the "man to beat".
"Gatlin has been doing a lot of talking, saying a lot of things," Bolt told Reuters with a chuckle in an interview on Thursday ahead of the adidas Grand Prix at Randall's Island.
"He's proved he's running fast times and he's ready. So it should be exciting going into the world championship.
"I look forward to competing when people talk ... because if you don't back it up you look really stupid."
Gatlin, who has served two doping bans, last month ran the fastest 100 meters of 2015 (9.74 seconds) in Doha and a season-leading 19.68 in the 200 in Eugene 15 days later.
Bolt, who retains the world record in both events (9.58 and 19.19), is running only the 200 on Saturday as he continues to frustrate track fans eager to see how he would measure up on the track against Gatlin.
The Jamaican, looking slender in a black suit and dark blue shirt outside a reception at Nasdaq headquarters, said his race selection was nothing to do with fear of any other athlete.
"Afraid? When people say that, I laugh. I've been in the sport for years and I've never dodged anybody. When

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.036995
Retrieved Text: Search Results for "vinyl album"
Old portable record player playing vinyl album.
Vintage record player spinning and the needle drops slowly onto the spinning vinyl album and the music starts.
Old turntable needle dropping on spinning vinyl record album.
1960s: vinyl album plays on record player turntable. women in dress sits on daybed, leans forward, stands up, talks, listens and gestures with arms in living room with grocery bag on end table.
1950s: UNITED STATES: hand places vinyl album on record player. Hand moves needle arm onto record.
A record player needle lifting slowly off of the vinyl music album CLOSE UP.
Young man gently blows away the dust from vinyl record. He snuggles the vinyl record to him. Music album refreshed affecting memoirs.
Naples, Italy, 10/03/2019. The fabulous Beatles depicted as they cross on the pedestrian crossing, on the cover of their most famous album Abbey Road.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.852678
Retrieved Text: That's how I interpreted it all, anyway, and that's how I'll continue to interpret it, because I'm not going to get upset at some random commentator for a silly, ignorant comment. I'm a rabid Fanyu, but not that rabid. I'll save my anger for the real offenders, the ones with the comments that feel actually malicious (French commentators, grrr!).
It's discussed more in the short program thread, just check the last 10 pages or so.
We watched the entire event and Origin was actually great, better than Helsinki when it comes to small details.
For me too the worst part is seeing Yuzu upset, but I came to a conclusion that he is a top athlete from head to toe, so this attitude can't be changed after so many years, we can only accept it (and cheer for him and sent supportive messages on banners/cards to give him even more power). At least he now tries to give himself some credit when it's due.
I still need to catch up with the FS thread.
But I agree with @Lunna and @MoriaPolonius that Origin seemed really great when it comes to details, I loved the performance in Moscow! The longer and deeper ina bauer was beautiful or I love the part when he leans back (after picking down the stars from the sky- at least that's how I call the little choreographic detail before he leans back:D). Amazing how he was able to fight and skated to the free skate with the injury and because of that, a completely different layout He's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.797852
Retrieved Text: Michigan State lists the Belleville standout as a cornerback, meaning that’s likely where he’ll get his first shot. But the recruiting rankings point out his versatility.
East Lansing — When it comes to a football recruit being listed as an athlete, it often means the player could play any number of positions. It’s just a matter of finding the right spot.
That journey can be a quick one or one that takes a year or two — or longer. Take former Michigan State running back Jeremy Langford, who was listed as an athlete coming out of Westland John Glenn. He went from running back, to defensive back — where he scored his first touchdown — to wide receiver back to running back.
He finished in the top 10 in career rushing yards as a Spartan and second with 40 touchdowns while helping Michigan State win the Big Ten and the Rose Bowl in 2013.
For Julian Barnett, the quest might not be which position he plays, but how many.
“Just all over the place,” Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio said when talking about the 2019 recruiting class that signed last week.
Officially, the Spartans list the Belleville standout as a cornerback, meaning that’s likely where he’ll get his first shot. But the recruiting rankings point out his versatility.
For a player who has seen action at cornerback, wide receiver, running back, safety and linebacker along with returning kicks, ranking him simply as an athlete was the easy choice. He was rated the No. 5 athlete in the nation by ESPN and No. 13

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.793018
Retrieved Text: Last week I was on the anual training camp in Portugal with the national team. This year we went to São Pedro de Moel 1½h north of Lisboa. Since last summer we have decided to focus more specifically on a few distances for each athlete which means that we are running more trainings made for that distance. It also means a more divided national team. Because of my past problems with my feet and my current problem with my leg I'm focussing mostly on sprint this year, but I also hope to run middle distance at both EOC and WOC. So many of my trainings were sprint trainings and we did a lot of cool and difficult ones. I had the feeling that for each sprint we ran my body felt lighter and lighter but I was still far behind Rasmus Thrane. He was just much better at choosing the right routechoices which means that I have a huge job to do before the championships. I'm feeling very motivated to do what's needed because I can easily see how much Thrane has improved.
One of the best sprints of the week was the one in Obidos. It's the place were EYOC was held in 2013. It's a small town, very steep, with small tricky streets. unfortunatly it was raining so it was VERY slippery which gave us a challenge when running down the steep streets trying to make hard turns. But it can be like this on the EOC sprint so it gave us a good idea

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.791393
Retrieved Text: Donna leans forward to kiss the back of Quill's neck and steal the appropriate bottle and glass.
John foregoes a glass. He never drinks from a glass. He is not all high class like these two.
He leans against Donna comfortably.
Well, now what's Quill supposed to do with the extra? He can't very well drink from two glasses at once!
He glances out the corner of his eye at Donna and grins slyly, surreptitiously stashing his bottle out of the way, then grabs her foot, tickling the back of her knee.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.665865
Retrieved Text: Trevor Tam reflects on the culmination of his high school running career after pulling off the triple crown. He will attend the University of California in San Diego, this fall.
A quick rundown of our meet recap of the Saturday's Division 4 State Championship highlight performances at Mesa Community College.
The Knights of Columbus Invitational was held Saturday at Bourgarde Catholic High School. It was one of those, rare, athlete friendly meets that starts at 9 AM. Arizona Milesplit Photo.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.435045
Retrieved Text: Power Walking shall be considered as a fun but competitive event. Since Power Walking does not require the advancing knee to be straight, the judging or monitoring is much easier, with the goal of preventing athletes from running, jogging or moving forward in a creeping mode (creeping, where the advancing leg is stretched forward beyond a normal walk form, and the knee is bent into a running form, is forbidden and should be warned).
Race officials or Judges can be from the Race Walking events, or can be other officials or monitors assigned by the race director.
At least three (and up to six) judges or monitors are recommended, and should be positioned equally along the course.
Each judge or monitor should use the above rules to prevent the athlete from infringing on the rules. Verbal warnings from the judges or monitors are encouraged if an athlete is violating the rules.
Continued violation by an athlete should result in a red card issued by the judge or monitor. All cards are to be turned into the head judge.
If an athlete accumulates three red cards from three different judges or monitors, the athletes is disqualified and should be asked to leave the course by the head judge, monitor or race director. If the event has been completed, but the athlete had accumulated three red cards during the race, the head judge shall notify the athlete and disqualify him or her from the final results. The head judge or race director shall have the final decision on all athlete disqualifications.
Race courses can

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.41637
Retrieved Text: Taking a step backwards to run forward fast?
It is fair to say that the ability to run a short distance fast (sprint) is a desirable quality of many athletes, regardless of their chosen sporting pursuit or age. In fact in many sports the ability to move quickly is an important attribute that can lead to a successful outcome.
The purest form of running speed is typified in a track and field 100 metre sprint race. The rules of such an event require the athlete to start the race using a crouch start from starting blocks. In contrast when considering most field and court based sports, the initiation of sprint running occurs from an upright position. An aspect an athlete needs to consider is what is the best way to initiate the sprint movement when in a partially stationary upright position?
Research has reported that 90 percent of individuals will instinctively take a step backwards to initiate forward movement in the intended direction. This step backwards is referred to as a false step. Over the past decade I have heard many elite and amateur coaches deter their athletes from using the step backwards false step strategy when initiating a sprint, which I feel is somewhat misguided and not necessarily always in the best interest of the athlete.
This conjecture has led to the false step being a movement of interest within the Biomechanics research group at Wintec’s Centre for Sport Science and Human Performance over the last few years.
While the false step may seem counterproductive, there is a variety of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.379074
Retrieved Text: If you’re one of the millions of fans of the shoe, you probably won’t be surprised to hear the Huarache was the 2nd highest selling sneaker in the US last year. It’s been a hugely popular silhouette here in the UK since it’s re-introduction this decade – to the extent that new colourways have debuted in good old Blighty before they land across the pond.
For a design that’s half neoprene sock, half foam block, it’s quite something. It has little of the sleekness of a Roche, and none of the understated cool of a Superstar. How, then, did the Huarache become an icon in its own right, and one of the silhouettes the biggest sportswear company in the world leans on to keep the lights on?
It wasn’t an instant hit (with retailers at least). The initial reaction to the forward-thinking silhouette was uninspired – Nike received a grand total of zero orders for Tinker Hatfield’s 1991 creation.
The sneaker was all about technology and performance, a key feature of the shoe being the omission of Nike’s instantly recognisable swoosh on the sidewall, or anywhere for that matter. The design is instantly recognisable now, 27 years later, but to launch a trainer so forward thinking in design at that time, without the visual crutch of the swoosh was a bridge too far for retailers.
This seemed to spell the end for Hatfield’s Mexican sandal inspired creation – you can’t win them all, Tinker. You had massive successes with the Air Max 1, 90 and Jordan 1 – 5’s, so

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.260357
Retrieved Text: Junior Training, is designed for athletes 12-14 years old. it is the next step in the process of mastering what it takes to become an elite athlete. In the Junior Training program the focus leans towards " Structural Strength". We define Structural Strength as tuning the body to be able to take the next step to effectively train the body to be able to use external and/or free weights. As players prepare for high school and beyond this is a foundation of training they must have.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.240387
Retrieved Text: We caught up to one of the top two sport athletes in the country this past weekend in Brett Bafaro (6-2 1/2 235 Sr.), and the Oregon bound linebacker didn’t disappoint. Bafaro is considered the top backer in the northwest for the 2012 class and one of the top baseball players on the west coast.
He is currently hitting .565 for his Liberty Falcons, recently stealing 5 bases in one game against a very talented Sherwood team and league rival Travis Dyer. His speed for a big man is extremely impressive, and he just continues to get stronger. He recently squatted 480 and is running legit 4.5 40’s. Its something you rarely see on a kid his size.
Oregon is looking forward to getting this “freaky athlete” to camp as he plans on leaving in late June. Before all that happens the MLB Draft will take place. Bafaro is a kid that has been rumored to potentially get significant signing bonus money, which could bring a decision to the forefront. There are multiple teams, including the Oakland Athletics who are high on Brett and really like his overall athleticism.
If you put Bafaro in a baseball environment and have him playing year round, you have a bigger version of a Jacoby Ellsbury type athlete. Still Bafaro says, “Im excited to go be a Duck and I am looking forward to getting down there and getting to work”.
Bafaro continued, ” I would be lying if I said I wasn’t going to look at all my options after the draft has

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.239405
Retrieved Text: What do you do when someone leans forward to push? Especially if he adopts a long and low stance, like in this video below?
If my opponent adopts a long and low stance when leaning forward to push, it means that it is difficult for him to fall forward. If he is going to fall forward, all he needs is to use his front leg to push himself back up and he will regain his balance.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.142574
Retrieved Text: Helge Molt: "I look forward to the time when meet my friends and fight with them"
The representative of the German national team Helge Molt arrived for the 2016 European Championship in Kazan, which will start on May 13, with the aim to repeat his medal success in the planet championship last year. In addition, one of the friendliest sambo wrestlers in the world told FIAS’s website that he’s waiting for a meeting with his many sambo friends and continues to learn the Russian language.
"I am delighted by the fact that I came to the European Championship. Immediately on arrival I felt an indescribable atmosphere that the Universiade Village in Kazan possesses. This will be the first time for me to live in these conditions and I expect everything to turn out well. - Helge Molt said in an interview to the FIAS’s site. - I look forward to the competitions in which I plan to do well. And, of course, I’m really looking forward to the time when I meet my friends and fight with them."
The athlete said that he has a lot of friends in the world of sambo but there are some meetings which he particularly expects.
"Most of all I want to see my friends from Russia Alsim Chernoskulov and Dmitry Eliseev, and my friends from Belarus, Stepan Popov and Andrei Kazusenok. We get along well, and with these guys I manage to learn the Russian language, which is very important for success in sambo. But this is not a complete list of my

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.114975
Retrieved Text: STILL NEEDS TO WORK ON THE CROTCH GRABBING: nice loogy from Kristen Cloke! just like a real pro athlete.
SHE HAS THE LITTLE KNOWN ABILITY OF EYELID-READING: good thing Mulder covers his eyes and not his mouth when he leans over to tell Scully something during their interview with Melissa.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST ADMIT YOU'RE LOST AND ASK FOR DIRECTIONS?: Mulder and Scully really arguing while driving brings back so many memories.
I'M SURE HE WOULD WIN BEST OF BREED: DD isn't trying to cry, he's doing his impression of a Chinese Shar-Pei (the wrinkly dog).
HENRY MOORE, JR.: when does Dr. Ilaqua find the time to drill a hole THROUGH the patient's head considering the laser has a tough time with the skin.
NEXT ROLE -- JIMMY DURANTE: what a schnoz on David Duchovny! And with it sticking out of the chicken wire, it looks like a Play Doh Fun Factory.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.036024
Retrieved Text: Nathan is employed by Methodist Sports Medicine in Indianapolis, Indiana. He serves as the Director of Athletic Training and Sports Performance for the Indiana Fire Juniors Soccer Club, an affiliate of the Chicago Fire MLS Club. There are approximately 2500 athletes from ages U8-U23 playing either recreational or travel soccer in Indiana Fire Juniors. Skill levels vary from beginner to elite. The club has accomplished multiple national and regional championships, 150 state championships, as well as the development of hundreds of state, regional, national ODP and ID2 players.
Nathan’s responsibilities include all aspects of care for athletes in the club. He uses the Move2Perform software to detect and categorize athletes who are at risk for injuries. Additionally, the software provides key information for him to design pre-game and pre-practice warm-ups. Nathan also leans on Move2Perform to help him gauge athlete readiness for return to play decisions.
Nathan has a BS in Athletic Training from Manchester College as well as a MA in Physical Education from Ball State University. He is a certified/licensed Athletic Trainer (ATC/L) as well as a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS). Nathan is also a certified FMS and SFMA practitioner.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.920872
Retrieved Text: Exciting news -- I have clearance from my doctor for swimming, cycling and walking! I've had the chance to get back on the trainer the past two mornings (thanks to Little A Bomb's improved sleeping)...and I'm starting three weeks of physical therapy to get me back to running - yahoo! My wonderful orthopedic surgeon said there was nothing I could not do - running, hiking, skiing - only thing he wouldn't recommend is for me to join a bball team (never have, why start now?). He did say, however, in order to help prevent more damage, cross training and building strong core and leg muscles would help stabilize my knees. Prior to my (second) torn meniscus, I really did not do enough cross training, so that will be a focus going forward.
So glad you're back on the exercise wagon! Looking forward to getting out together soon.
That is good news, for sure! Happy for you.
My only basement equipment is dusty fitness videos and a (currently) dusty recumbent exercise bike. Bleh. Thankfully, we don't have QUITE the wind down here that you guys do.
That's great news! I know how much of a mental lift that can give an injured/recovering athlete.
I did ALL of my kids' shopping yesterday online. Feels good to be done!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.913517
Retrieved Text: Actually, Zhao is feeling a rather unique sensation.
He really drank too much, and can&apos;t really walk straight. But he already threw up and took a nap, so he isn&apos;t as drunken by now.
It&apos;s just that Chu exaggerated on how drunk he is, and so he just decides to play along. Pretending that he is utterly disoriented, he lays in the seat next to the driver like a dead corpse, feigning unconsciousness.
Shen went upstairs to pick him up, but left the car engine on to keep the air con running. Zhao feels it as soon as he gets inside.
Shen sits down and pushes him lightly, "Wake up, you can sleep when you&apos;re back at home, it&apos;s easy to catch a cold outside."
He hears the man beside him sighing. Shen sees that he can&apos;t wake him up, so he leans forward to pull his seat belt for him. The two men are so incredibly close that Zhao can smell Shen&apos;s scent, it&apos;s different from when he&apos;s the Ghost Slayer. He has the scent of soap from the clothes that probably just came out of the laundry... when the Ghost Slayer sheds his feared black cloak, what&apos;s underneath is actually such a clean and soft man.
Then, Shen takes out a bottle of mineral water, and pours some into a little cup. He shakes the cup a bit, and the cold water warms up with white mist. He holds the cup beside Zhao&apos;s mouth, "Drink some."
Zhao opens his eyes slightly, and inside of the car is pitch black, with only

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.899628
Retrieved Text: Great flexibility is an important tool in a fathlete’s repertoire. The key to improving it is a more dynamic approach to stretching.
By Allen HedrickAllen Hedrick, MA, CSCS*D, is the Head Strength and Conditioning Coach at Colorado State University-Pueblo. He formerly held the same position at the NSCA’s national headquarters and the U.S. Air Force Academy. He can be reached at: allen.hedrick@yahoo.com.
Flexibility plays a larger role in achieving optimum performance than a lot of football players realize. After all, a slightly longer reach could help a receiver snag a high pass. More flexible hips and hamstrings could mean evading an opponent’s tackle.
There is also another important reason flexibility deserves a lot of attention in football strength and conditioning programs: decreased injury risk. The same flexibility that provides a performance edge over a not-so-flexible opponent also allows a player to walk away uninjured from a play that would result in a strain or pull for a less-flexible player.
Here at Colorado State University-Pueblo, flexibility is a vital part of our football team’s strength and conditioning program. In this article, I will explain how we train flexibility, modify our program based on individual players’ needs, and keep our athletes motivated while taking part in flexibility training.
Ballistic stretching involves rapid movements that use momentum to carry the targeted body part(s) through their range of motion until the muscles are stretched to their limits. Because ballistic stretching is performed at high speeds, the rate and degree of stretch, as well as the force applied to induce the stretch, are difficult to control.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.885036
Retrieved Text: Would David Montgomery Fit In the Bears Offense?
Iowa State running back David Montgomery has been widely regarded as one of the best running backs in the 2019 class. And I would agree with that assessment. However, we all know that fit is everything in the NFL.
Iowa State running back David Montgomery has been widely regarded as one of the best running backs in the 2019 class. And I would agree with that assessment. However, we all know that fit is everything in the NFL. So, does Montgomery fit what Matt Nagy wants in his offense? I did a deep dive into his tape to find that out.
Contact balance is elite. Utilizes his exceptional low center of gravity to stay balanced through contact. Initial tacklers almost always fail to get him down if he gets to the second level. Also knows how to use his body as a battering ram. Delivers some devastating blows to his opponents. Should thrive in short yardage situations if his vision improves as well. Forward lean is evident when fighting for extra yards.
Is extremely hard to get down in the open field. Jump cuts and jukes are potent. Has a natural feel for where defenders are around him and how to make them miss. Combination of wiggle and power is rare.
Change of direction ability is solid. Has light feet for his size that allows him to cut upfield while moving laterally. Also possesses optimal stop and start quickness that he deploys when cutting. Can redirect his path at full speed with ease.
Skillset

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.716482
Retrieved Text: You don’ t have to be an elite athlete to understand the Olympic spirit.
Have I ever mentioned that I have the greatest job in the world? It’s true. I get to participate in the best races around the globe and meet running royalty from the past and present. There are times I look around and have to pinch myself and think: Yes, I am part of a seminar panel that includes the likes of Bill Rodgers, Steve Scott, Deena Kastor, and Khalid Khannouchi. I can hardly believe a back-of-the-packer like me could share a stage with such talent.
Of all the great runners I have been privileged to meet, one truly stands out: Frank Shorter. The two-time Olympic Marathon medalist and iconic figure of the 1970s running boom remains one of our most distinguished figures. If we weren’t practically the same age, I would call him a senior statesman of the sport.
I’ve heard Shorter describe his gold-medal performance in the 1972 Olympic Marathon many times. But no matter how often I’ve heard it, I’m always impressed by the passion, dedication, and commitment it took to earn a place on that starting line in Munich.
At a recent seminar, a runner in the audience asked Shorter about Olympic performances. He wanted to know what it takes to get there and what it takes to fully seize the opportunity. Rather than describe the racing perspective of an elite, Shorter explained matter-of-factly that there are gold-medal performances happening at every level of running, at every pace, and at every event, every

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.67394
Retrieved Text: Meet Justin “Magic” Gallegos, a young athlete who has not let his battle with cerebral palsy deter him from pursuing his dream of long-distance running. Born in 1998 in Santa Clarita, California, the future runner was diagnosed with CP at the tender age of 3.
Justin spent most of his childhood in an equestrian therapy program designed for children with special needs. He lovingly states, however, that his childhood overall was “pretty normal” — his parents never treated him as a victim nor “acted like those parents [who] tragically got stuck with a child with a disability.” He speaks of the “special bond” that he and his father held and the loving support of his mother in the face of his unique challenges — two factors that have molded him into the role model that he is today.
Justin’s original plan for sport included playing high school football; his health condition, however, dictated otherwise. While not initially “eager” to begin cross country running, Justin initially struggled with his body’s reluctance to learn the biomechanics needed to perfect his own unique stride. He speaks of falling “two to three times a week,” his “bloody knees,” and of how his body simply needed “repetition” in order to grow stronger. Never a quitter, Justin made it his goal to become more active and get used to the “movements of running by doing it day in and day out.” Little did he know that his desire for a stronger body would turn into a passion that would change his life forever.
“The University

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.621264
Retrieved Text: Here is a case study of a wrestler who wanted to improve power out of the bottom position and to improve quickness off the whistle and the opponent's movements.
This program is designed to work on your reaction time and defensive power. These exercises can be done throughout your workouts and some may require a partner. Some of the exercises will have you working on your bottom position and getting to your feet. They will be specific to what you do in a match because some of the best ways to train are to complete the moves you may have weaknesses in. That way you will specifically strengthen those moves.
The power exercises should be done about every 2-3 days. Just take at least a day off in between workouts or put them with your strength training or power day. The power development exercises should be done with explosiveness and speed. The reaction drills can be done every other day. Some of these drills you react from the partner's first movement. This will help you react to the whistle, but more importantly help you defend any movement initiated by the challenger. Rest about 1-2 minutes between sets with all power exercises.
Click Here For A Printable Log Of The Routine!
Assume a standing defensive position with your hands it front of you.
Have partner or trainer stand 5 feet away with a tennis ball. Toss ball at the athlete's legs or waist. React to the ball and at least block it with a hand or catch it before it hits you.

================



======= Instance Index 2350 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: People are sitting on tubes in the snow. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: stand in a line and start going down a snowy hill.

Ending 2: are going over a large hill.

Ending 3: begin sledding down the hill on the tubes.

Ending 4: stand on the top of the tubes.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.860138
Retrieved Text: This is some of the feedback we have received from satisfied customers. Send us a note to have it included here!
I just wanted to write to say that I just received the 3 snow tubes that I ordered and although I haven't inflated them yet, they look amazing. I hate that I have to wait till Christmas to give them to the kids but I can tell you right now that they will be over the moon when they see them. The quality of the material is outstanding and the colors are nice and bright. I am extremely happy with this purchase and want to thank you for putting together such a high quality product. I have seen and used other snow tubes as well as researched quite a bit on-line before making this purchase. Your snow-tubes are by far, the best deal, and the best quality to be found.
"Your Snow Tube is a great Christmas gift in more than one way. It drove Noah, my 9 year old son, crazy every day while it was wrapped under the tree. First off he had no idea he was getting one and the box was big and heavy. Every day he would have a new idea what was in the box and made it known he was opening it first Christmas morning.The thing I liked about it as a gift is it isn't a toy one week later gets put up and never played with again. He will be able to use his Snow Tube for as

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.44468
Retrieved Text: sledding tubes 3 giggles as she slides down parks hill on heavy duty snow.
sledding tubes child inflatable snow tube winter sports games heavy duty.
sledding tubes check out some of hills best inner.
sledding tubes two children downhill best inner.
sledding tubes 2 new rave steerable snow sled tubing tube best inner.
sledding tubes bytes heavy duty snow.
sledding tubes trails resort snow tubing on our 2 hills day visitors trail pass best inner.
sledding tubes bigmouth inc arctic blast snow cone tube heavy duty.
sledding tubes 2 5 hill ll bean.
sledding tubes two person snow inflatable tube heavy duty.
sledding tubes young woman and child sliding down an inflatable snow tube ll bean.
sledding tubes buy winter snow tube sled heavy duty huge inflatable ski new kids at online store best inner.
sledding tubes girl down hill heavy duty snow.
sledding tubes snow tube sleds best.
sledding tubes heavy duty colossal snow sled tube huge rubber inner colored cover.
sledding tubes a young boy about to jump on snow tube his stomach walmart.
sledding tubes stock photo image of best.
sledding tubes snow wedge inner tube best.
sledding tubes inflatable winter snow with nylon cover walmart.
sledding tubes i highly recommend this snow tube and is my favorite sled of choice see me the webmaster in mid air with one these awesome best inner.
sledding tubes kid down the snow summit tube park in a heavy duty.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.171436
Retrieved Text: Hello there, Thanks for ones time period intended for examining my own Outdoor Lights,LED Meteor Shower Rain Lights , Waterproof Garden Lights 30cm 8 Tubes 144leds Snow Falling Raindrop Icicle Cascading light for Holiday Wedding Xmas Tree Decor，White Color article. Currently you might be in suitable blog, when are seeking String Lights item. Today I have to revealing with you regarding Outdoor Lights,LED Meteor Shower Rain Lights , Waterproof Garden Lights 30cm 8 Tubes 144leds Snow Falling Raindrop Icicle Cascading light for Holiday Wedding Xmas Tree Decor，White Color. Then i trust that post Outdoor Lights,LED Meteor Shower Rain Lights , Waterproof Garden Lights 30cm 8 Tubes 144leds Snow Falling Raindrop Icicle Cascading light for Holiday Wedding Xmas Tree Decor，White Color will be beneficial facts to suit your needs prior to deciding to buy String Lights product. This kind of Outdoor Lights,LED Meteor Shower Rain Lights , Waterproof Garden Lights 30cm 8 Tubes 144leds Snow Falling Raindrop Icicle Cascading light for Holiday Wedding Xmas Tree Decor，White Color merchandise is certainly one of coming from LDUSA HOME company.
This Falling Lights could be used outdoor & indoor.decoration for trees along streets,and for Xmas Tree at home,Flexible yet durable, the string lights are perfect for positioning lights to any decorative project.White LEDs are individually mounted along the tubes and provide an elegant sparkling glow that can be seen from any angle. Also can be used on Christmas, Halloween Day, New Year, Wedding,Parties,Valentine’s Day, building decor, decoration for trees along streets, business celebration and any celebrating time, market engineering lighting, ,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.697527
Retrieved Text: Maple Ridge Snow Park has more than 8 lanes that are over 1200 feet long and with over 100' vertical drop. Enjoy spectacular views of the Black River Valley and Adirondacks as the tube tow pulls you back up the hill.
The Warming Barn is complete with a concession stand, seating and game tables... perfect for birthday parties and family events. Purchase your tickets here before moving your car to the bigger parking lot and enjoying your day at the largest snow tubing hill in northern New York!
One person per tube. Due to the nature of the ride, each person must be in their own tube. Please take this into consideration when bringing young children to the Snow Park.
We have a limited number of double tubes that are shared. Single tubes can be connected to create a train going down the hill, but your child will have to ride alone up the hill.
Children and youth under 12 years of age must be accompanied by an adult.
Only Maple Ridge Center tubes (provided with your lift ticket) may be used.
Wait to tube down the hill until staff give the command to GO!
No skis, snowboards or sled allowed.
Visit the Warming Barn (the middle barn when driving down the driveway at Maple Ridge) to purchase your tickets before going to the Tubing Hill.
We only use real snow! We cannot control the weather. Please check this website to see the current operating status of the Maple Ridge Snow Park.
Snow Park Gift Certificates make great gifts! You can call the office or click

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.57368
Retrieved Text: Sportsstuff has snow tubes for everyone! Browse our variety of snow tubes and inflatable sleds that will bring your winter to the next level. Our snow tubes accommodate everyone from infants to adults and some models are perfect for tubing with a friend. You’ll be the star of the slopes with our eye-catching colors, graphics and fun shapes.
Winter can be a cold time of year—that is one reason why it is important to get out and enjoy the benefits of the cold. Snow is a great place to experience speed in relative safety. By using our 2-person snow tube, you even get to enjoy the exhilaration with someone else. Then you can go inside and have some hot cocoa with that person.
Of course, our inflatable snow sleds will also help you enjoy the snow without having to be a skier or snowboarder. Our blow-up snow sleds provide all of the fun of a regular sled and the convenience of being able to pack it down so that it doesn’t take up too much space in the summer.
All of Sportsstuff’s inflatable sleds are created with heavy gauge PVC material with special crack resistant additives that protect your snow tube and ensures it lasts for seasons to come. Find all of your inflatable tubes for tubing and sledding below.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.433222
Retrieved Text: "MOONSHINE MOUNTAIN SNOW TUBING PARK"
SORRY! No snow boarding or skiing permitted. Snow Tubes are provided by Moonshine Mountain! Sledding and other forms of sliding are not permitted.
We are the only snow tubing park in the southeast that allows trains. Trains are allowed! Trains must be supervised and no one under 48" allowed in trains, also trains are limited to 6 people.
Everyone must sign a release of liability form which can be downloaded by clicking on the link at the bottom of this page. If you are under the age of (18) you must have the release of liability form signed by by your parents or guardian. If you are under the age of (8) you must be accompanied by your parents or guardian. Everyone must ride in their own tube, which are provided for you. Proper etiquette and conduct is required and you will be asked to leave if rules are not abided. Tube down Moonshine Mountain as many times as you want and we have a LIFT to take you right back up. The tuber's lift has been modified for additional safety. Snow Tubes are provided by Moonshine Mountain! Sledding and other forms of sliding are not permitted. We do rent helmets for small children, but you are welcome to bring your own. Tube at your own Risk!
This our eighth season of tubing and we are proud of our safety record. We are working hard to insure your experience at Moonshine Mountain will be injury free. We are located just 5 miles S.W. of Hendersonville,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.24529
Retrieved Text: Winter weather is back and with the snow and ice comes a lot of preparation. Drivers all over mid-Missouri are gearing up for the next couple of months by getting all the necessities for a safer trip in case of a snow storm.
"It's been very hectic. A lot of people are buying ice melt, tube sand and shovels," said Jeff Kendall of ACE Hardware. "Everybody's kind of waiting until the last minute to buy what they need to get through the night."
Along with the tubes of sand and ice melt, Kendall suggests keeping an ice scraper, a hat, gloves, blankets, and a pair of boots in your car in case of emergencies. Mid-Missouri drivers might only be preparing for winter weather now, but MoDOT says its snow crews have been preparing for this day since June.
"We're pretty much ready to go with our equipment and our people," explained MoDOT's Eric Schroeter. "Our crews are already out tonight, we'll be out all night long and the crews will be at it again in the morning."
Schroeter says drivers can help his crews by staying a safe distance from machines while they clear roads. He also says drivers need to slow down in winter conditions.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.910091
Retrieved Text: Like many in Northern Virginia, I was caught in the traffic snarl during yesterday's "Thunder Snow Storm." I have never experienced anything quite like it before and don't want to again -- and I was more fortunate than some. For those not in the area, the precipitation started just as some people were being released early from work (around 3pm). It changed quickly from rain to sleet to wet heavy snow with snowfall rates of 2-3 inches per hour. The combination of the sudden flux of traffic and the snow brought traffic to a dead stop. The snowplows were useless because the roads were clogged with immobile cars. Basically, I left work at 4:30pm and was in standstill traffic for the next five and half hours. Finally at 10pm I was able to turn onto a side street back towards my office. I was only about a mile away, but it took me another 30 minutes. I spent the night in my office and went home in the morning around 6am. I passed over a dozen cars that had been abandoned, either because they were hopelessly stuck or had run out of gas. I heard on the news that it took some people 10-12 hours to make it home. Completely unreal.
While the snow on the trees was pretty, I just couldn't bring myself to take any pictures of it after that experience. So, after I got home, I revolted against the colorless snow, went to the grocery store and bought a bouquet of flowers. I spent

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.758566
Retrieved Text: Holidays are the best time to go far off the daily hectic schedule and live life to its fullest. For spending vacations Manali is highly recommendable hilly and adventurous spot. To reduce the stress of accommodation there are many Hotels in Manali providing comfort to the tourists. Manali is a touristic spot eagerly loved by people. Hence it becomes very tedious to book accommodation at the same time so it is beneficial to Get Manali Hotels Booking in advance.
•	Fun Skiing – Enjoy fun skiing games available for beginners and learners. Solang Valley resorts provide trainers and guides to quickly learn the fun skiing games and activities securely.
•	Snowboarding – Snowboarding is an awesome source of recreation. Riding in the surface covered with snow using snowboard is very delighting.
•	Snow Tubing – Snow Tubing is an activity that can be enjoyed by anyone from childhood to old age. No perfection skills are required. Just have the fun ride using the tubes with lots of cheers, smiles, joy and fun.
•	Ice Skating – Sliding in the ice with skates, racing with each other, throwing ice balls on your family members, making snowman and igloo's what a joyful thought feeling as if one is in the mid of snowy land. Ice skating can be done with and without using the support sticks as per your perfection and needs.
•	Horse-Drawn Sleigh Rides – Take the pleasure of sitting down on the sleigh ride drawn by horses and shouting in joy seeing picturesque of scenic beauty. Have the dinner delight at the resort restaurants and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.450333
Retrieved Text: Snow tubing is an easy activity that does not require special equipment: it takes place on specially designed courses, much like bobsleds, which allow you to approach bends, multi-directional spins, and modest descents at average and safe speeds thanks to banked compacted snow walls making it fun for the whole family.
Most tracks are serviced by small ski lifts that pull the snow tube and its occupants to the starting point at the top of the hill. These are also lit at night in some instances allowing for a special evening.
Usually children as young as 6 years old can snow tube as long as they wear helmets and are accompanied by adults.
In Val di Fassa, you can snow tube at the Alba di Canazei Slide Park. This park is considered the first of its kind in Europe and offers ample parking by the ice rink, but is also accessible by foot through a beautiful winter land forest trail.
The Alba di Canazei snow tubing track consists of a 450 meters set course lined with exciting parabolic bends which you’ll undertake on curious rafts and tubes in complete safety.
This new type of entertainment is suited for all adults and audacious kids, who are required to wear helmets if aged between 6 and 14. The park is serviced by a lift and night lighting which makes it ideal for some good old fun with friends.
The Viote center, at the foot of Tre Cime del Bodone in Viote, not only offers cross-country trails, but also activities for big and small, including

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.448494
Retrieved Text: CASE OF 12 TUBES: SB-190 Surebond Everseal High Strength Construction Adhesive Caulk is a versatile, hard setting, one part adhesive designed for a wide variety of industrial uses. This is the case price (12 tubes, 10.3 ounces each).
The unique formula possesses up to 2,000 lbs. of tensile strength. The SB-190 is a field proven sealant adhesive. It requires 28 consecutive days (672 consecutive hours) with temperatures of 50 degrees Fahrenheit or greater to cure properly. Please follow directions for best results.
Under certain conditions, temporary measures may need to be employed to hold the snow guard in place until the initial set of the adhesive has taken place. It is available in 10.3 ounces tubes or by the case of 12 tubes. One tube will adhere 8-10 CL Snow Guards and 14-16 RTMINI Guards. Berger does not warrant adhesive failure. The adhesives are offered for the convenience of the user who assumes full responsibility for its use.
These adhesives are used throughout the industry for adhering snow guards with successful results utilizing the directions of the adhesive manufacturer. It is recommended for use only when weather conditions permit proper curing per manufacturer's instructions. Adhesive failure does not constitute Berger product defect and is not the responsibility of Berger.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.366577
Retrieved Text: Tube Pro is the industry leader in snow tube manufacturing. We have produced our famous hard bottom snow tubes for almost 20 years, revolutionizing the industry and setting the standard in quality and product longevity. Our focus on safety has led to the development of countless safety initiatives. Call us today to experience our wealth of knowledge and design in the tubing & padding Industry!
Offering an extensive line of heavy-duty PVC and rubber river tubes, covers and custom features such as logos, seats, pockets and links, Tube Pro certainly has a tube product for you! We offer tubes designed for all river conditions and we design our products with tube/trailer transportation efficiency in mind.
We manufacture our superior quality waterpark tubes using advanced 30-40 gauge K80 PVC. Tube Pro tubes are very abrasive resistant for the perfect ride down your slide, lazy river or wave pool. In addition, our heavy-duty tarpaulin PVC rafts and North American made slide mats will also live up to your expectations at a very economical price point.
Tube Pro Safety Padding is made to last and withstand the harshest of outdoor environments. Keeping with our tradition of using the best materials available, all stock models are made using our custom blend of closed-cell waterproof foam and durable pad covers come in a multitude of colors. Our Safety Padding experience goes beyond ski resorts, zip line and rope course operations, and extends to a variety of automotive and industrial industries.
Tube Pro PoloSport is specifically designed for varsity inner tube water polo applications. The smaller

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.03821
Retrieved Text: In its Web series "Every Third Thursday," California-based snowboard company Signal Snowboards gets loose and creative in the shop and designs experimental one-offs that push the boundaries of what a snowboard is all about. Last month, the team made a surfboard-snowboard hybrid, and in the most recent installment, they created a snowboard that operates like a bike tire called "Air if you Dare."
When we first heard "inflatable snowboard," we assumed that we'd be looking at some type of hollow PVC backcountry board designed to roll up into backpack size and inflate at the top of the mountain (another Third Thursday, maybe?). We were thinking inflatable paddleboard for snow. Instead, what they did was build an actual snowboard with inflatable inner tubes integrated into the core.
Why the hell would they do that? Well, we weren't entirely sure, so we asked Signal founder Dave Lee.
"I was changing the tire on my wife's road bike and I was like 'Oh man, I could put these inner tubes in a snowboard core and change the flex or change the base structure pretty easily,' " Lee explained. "I wanted to see if we could actually add air to change the form of the board. What if air could be used to take your board from a light rocker nose and tail to a heavier rocker setting for different snow days."
Upon building the board, Signal found that the tubes changed both the flex and the base shape. Deflated tubes made for a flexible board ready to trick and turn through the park.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.950058
Retrieved Text: Tube recommendations for Demeter VTBP201?
Discussion in 'Amps and Cabs [BG]' started by paulraphael, Apr 13, 2006.
If you heard me play, you'd stop reading what I write.
Between tunes I'm hearing cryptic messages emanating from my amp ... it seems to be the voices of truckers zooming by on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway. Time for some new tubes.
So far I've used the original chinese tubes that came with the preamp (crappy), some Sovtek WA tubes (a bit better), and then the current Sovtek LPS tubes (quite nice).
In the last couple of years I've discovered how great some of the older NOS tubes sound in my stereo. But Jim Demeter warned me that microphonics can be a big issue in any preamp that has horizontal tubes ... a lot of tubes that are fine upright ring like crazy when they're on their sides. He was the one who recommended the LPS tubes to me a while ago (he hasn't answered my more recent email).
Any thoughts? I'd like something warm and sweet, but not mushy. I also don't want anything too exotic. Not interested in paying a ton, or in falling in love with something I'll never be able to find again. What tubes have other Demeter users had success with?
1. JAN GE 7025 tubes - Really nice, round tone - can be found often enough on eBay or online tube vendors. Very solid tubes that seem to do well horizontally.
2. JJ/Tesla ECC83 tubes - Great bass response and super gain. Don't confuse this with the new ECC 803 long plate

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.928587
Retrieved Text: THE effects of the heavy snow in Hillingdon are continuing with many roads turning to ice, and schools continuing to close.
Flights at Heathrow have been grounded, because of the icy conditions, with passengers being urged to be patient.
Uxbridge High, Vyners, Warrender, West Drayton Primary, Whiteheath Juniors & Infants, William Byrd, Wood End Community School, and Yeading Infants.
Students have also had a reprieve, with Bucks New University closing its campus in Oxford Road, Uxbridge again today, after closing early yesterday (Wednesday).
Buses are running as scheduled, while tubes have escaped serious problems, with the Metropolitan Line into Uxbridge running with minor delays due to a problem at Kings Cross.
The Met Office is advising people to &apos;be prepared&apos; for more bad weather, with light snow expected around midday, but the sun will be out this afternoon, which could create problems with the snow turning to ice.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.886534
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wished it would snow all year round? Our Snowfall light collection lets you have the illusion of falling snow without any messy melting or shoveling. This Snowfall add-on light set features five 14-inch tubes. This light set is for both indoor and outdoor use. This is the add-on set for UL2516N. You can not have more than 20 tubes per adapter.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.8335
Retrieved Text: On Sunday, February 10th, church was canceled because of the snow. We invited the Dial family to come over for some more fun. We were planning on tubing again and we were hoping the course might have gotten icy making it faster. Unfortunately the guy that lives at the end of the street had parked his trailer on the hill and we didn't want to risk the kids running into it and hurting themselves. It was a total bummer!
So we all came back to our house for some fun!
We started to build another snow wall with the toys bins we have.
Michael started a fire in our fire pit and Lance ran home and got supplies to make smores.
Since the kids didn't have the tubing hill they used the small hill in our backyard and slid down on their bums or legs.
When we were done outside we came in to hang out. I wanted to play Five Crowns, but I think it's in the trailer or we left it at Thanksgiving so we played the Mexican Train instead. Rachael also made us each some Hot Butter Rum drinks and they were yummy!
Enjoying this break from the norm with my man!!
Owen played a couple rounds of the game and then he was done!
We had loads of popcorn and played many rounds of Dominos, but it was ultimately a dirty diaper than ended our fun. Cute Jayme Boy!!!
It was such a great couple of days enjoying the snow with friends!!!
When the news was correct about the snow earlier in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.803614
Retrieved Text: Living on the moon may be a far reach — chances are any lunar colony would be located inside the moon.
You may not know it, but the moon wouldn't be the most hospitable place to settle down. Temperatures can reach as high as 250 degrees, not to mention there's a constant threat of space debris crashing into the satellite sphere, oh, and there's also the cosmic rays to worry about — you know, radiation and all that. However, a team at Purdue University thinks there's still hope for a colony on the moon in its underground tunnels.
It's just a theory, but the team has some evidence that there could be underground lava tubes snaking beneath the moon's dusty exterior. Big enough to hold entire cities. These tubes would be similar to those on Earth; they are thought to form as a result of lava pushing to the surface, which leaves behind an empty cavern where the molten lava used to be. However, it's not certain these lunar tubes exist. But images of the satellite appear to show openings to these tunnels, according to Jay Melosh, a professor assisting in the research.
"There has been some discussion of whether lava tubes might exist on the moon. Some evidence, like the sinuous rilles observed on the surface, suggest that if lunar lava tubes exist they might be really big."
The caverns would be a more manageable temperature — the tubes sitting at a brisk -4 to -22 degrees Fahrenheit — and the lava walls would help to protect moon citizens

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.634043
Retrieved Text: Buying the large economy toothpaste is a mistake for travelers and tourist, a small one is less likely to break in your bag and last a long time.
Photo of the best size, please do not buy ones that open easily, they will open easily inside your bag.
Small tubes are also easy to refill. Once empty, roll the tube up, apply the mouth of it to the mouth of a larger tube. Gently squeeze the larger tube and watch the smaller tube fill.
I do not like Hostels, and sharing showers, but when I have been in them, many people leave their shampoo, creme rinse, toothpaste sitting around. I can see people refilling their small ones, and for sure people are using the other peoples shampoo. I have a special shower bag, that hangs up.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.454443
Retrieved Text: Our prices include lift ticket and tube rental.
For groups of 20+ or private parties please read our discounts information or contact us using the online form.
Holidays and weekends are busy, call ahead.
Online booking available. Tubes on site will be sold on a first come first served basis.
Our school, American One English Schools, with many of our students and their families went snow tubing at Wasatch Parc. All the employees were so accommodating, and they went out of their way to help us! The management is superb and patient. We had a fantastic time!
Fun 2 hours with my kiddos. Staff are friendly and helpful. And great value compared to some other tube hills we’ve visited. Was able to make 20+ runs is just under two hours.
Wasatch Parc is sooo fun! There weren’t very big lines and the lanes go pretty fast, with a couple little jumps along the way! The owners are from France and are very kind and fun to talk to.
The crew ran the operation pretty smoothly considering how many people were there and having to maintain the tubing lanes. Lanes were fast and fun. I’m 45 and my boys are 9 and 12, we all had a great time. Third year in a row we have gone to this location!
What a great time snow tubing. Great setup, super friendly staff!!! Had a blast will be returning!!!!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.322048
Retrieved Text: The solutions created by BENTELER are often invisible but always essential. Whether they are in solar farms in Africa, in a water fun park in Switzerland or in countless makes of car worldwide: BENTELER makes it happen.
By rain, sun, wind or snow: The regional train to the island of Sylt departs in any weather. The engine that pulls this train was among the first 200 diesel locomotives in Germany to be fitted with corrosion-resistant Zistaplex® tubes from BENTELER.
Heat for houses, electricity for industry: Without energy there would be no life. In the US supplies are secured, from North Dakota to South Texas – with the aid of oil and gas tubes manufactured by BENTELER in the US.
In 2017 a new glass extension was opened at the House of European History in Brussels. Our Business Unit Glass Processing Equipment played its part in making this kind of breathtaking design possible. The 14-meter high panes of glass were processed by glass manufacturer sedak using machines from BENTELER.
Driving should be fun. But it also has to be safe. That's why leading vehicle manufacturers use products from BENTELER. Chery is just one example – the rapidly rising star in the Chinese export market. Key areas on the body of the Tiggo 7 contain high-strength hot-formed steel from BENTELER.
Before wind turbines can do their job of generating energy on the open sea, they first have to be put into place. The heavy-lift offshore cranes that carry out this work are subject to extreme conditions on the sea. BENTELER delivered 250 tons

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.243563
Retrieved Text: What To Do With the Kids in Niseko!
Hooray it’s the Holidays! Now Here Are Some Tips on What To Do With the Kids in Niseko!
Not only are ski and snowboard instructors highly skilled when it comes to getting little ones sliding on the snow, they will also make it non-stop fun. Check out GoSnow in Niseko for more information. Another tip for keeping your kids happy on the slopes is to rent them the best possible skis or snowboards, just like you would for yourself. Nowadays ski and snowboard companies are developing their children’s ranges with many of the same technical specifications as their adult ranges. For example, a toddler ski like the Armada Bantam (available for rent from Rhythm Japan in Niseko and Hakuba) is lightweight and forgiving, but still responsive enough to assist with turning. Helmets are also compulsory so have a look at the range at Rhythm Snowsports!
Niseko Kids Club is a great example of the kind of in-resort care that’s available for children. It’s an international childcare centre in Niseko that provides adventure and education to children from 12 months to six years. This means mum and dad can head out and enjoy the powder snow and feel confident their little ones are being looked after and entertained.
New for this season, the Kids Park is located at the base of the King Pair Lift #1. There’s space for the kids to make snowmen, have a snowball fight, ride strider bikes, sleds and tubes. It’s perfect for kids aged 3 – 9 who

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.173248
Retrieved Text: A home recording was done in the house of each participant.
An underground music club that exists in the imagination of the participants .
Every month I invited an artist to design a poster to announce that month’s musician. Among the artists I invited were Bert Scholten, Waynehorse and Bart Nijstad.
Stickers of the club were spread around the city and can be found in many toilets of bars and clubs in Groningen.
During the period of eight months the club started to be known in the neighborhood and people started to advise Jouwersma where more home-musicians could be found or they would inquire about the last musician they heard "playing" in the club. In the night teenagers hung around the sounds coming from the tiles under their feet and when snow covered the streets a muffled trumpet or elderly choir could be heard somewhere under the snow.
The club gave rise to some form of perplexity among it's spectators, but worked socially binding among it's participants. All the physical parts were finally presented in a gallery together with a newspaper that reported about the events that happend during the eight months of existence.
Context: A Trainstation with a pub on the corner in a quiet neighborhood.
Materials: sewer tubes, speakers, sinks, street tiles. Posters, Flyers, stickers.
Thanks to: All Musicians, Designers and Klaas Koetje.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.158697
Retrieved Text: Big Bear Snow Play & Alpine Slides Are Open!!!
Make it a full winter day of snow play when you choose your inner tubes and ride the magic carpet to the top of the hill. Try racing down the slope with your friends. Snack shop and restrooms on site. Wowrentals would like to invite you to check out these activities in Big Bear this winter. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.110405
Retrieved Text: Families and children enter the Snow Globe and play in the snow with our Elves.
Feeding the snow hopper will cause snow to rain down on participants.
Photos can be taken, both inside and from outside the globe.
Our Snow Globes are also internally lit allowing them to be used as display features.
They allow snow to continually fall down upon a display item sitting in the centre of the globe.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.110218
Retrieved Text: Now Christmas and the New Year festivities are over and done with, Winter can seem rather dull and depressing.
It’s often a challenging time for parents as it can be tricky to find things for the kids to do, particularly if the weather’s snowy or rainy. Nobody likes being cooped up inside, after all! We’ve come up with some simple and cost effective activities that you can enjoy with your children such as having a duvet day, puddle-jumping (if you don’t mind cold and muddy children) and winter treasure hunts! Some of these are indoor activities, while others will need you to don your wellies and warm clothes and head outside, but we guarantee the kids will love them all!
What Can You Do with Kids at Home in Winter?
If you’re looking for fun indoor activities for the kids during winter, why not try some of these winter craft ideas? They’re fun, creative and just a little bit messy!
If you have young children who need a hand with their alphabet or spelling skills then Alphabet Bingo is sure to go down a treat. By writing letters on a few pieces of paper (make these look exciting with multi-coloured pens and glitter-glue!), handing them out to your children, and giving them some sort of marker, you can easily create a brilliant learning game.
Winter doesn’t necessarily mean snow, so what can you do on a winter day when there isn’t any snow to play in? Make your own snow! It’s a safe and fun way to encourage sensory play with

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.0978
Retrieved Text: raindrop lights led outdoor 8 tube meteor shower rain solar powered icicle snow falling cascading lighting for garden patio string.
raindrop lights outdoor string solar powered led meteor shower rain falling light 8 tubes cascading fairy for.
raindrop lights lighting 3 light rain drop large pendant falling icicle.
raindrop lights crystal water drop solar powered garden string fairy.
raindrop lights bath town solar powered string.
raindrop lights double spiral chandelier ceiling india.
raindrop lights china outdoor string solar powered led meteor shower rain falling light for garden wedding party decor fairy.
raindrop lights led meteor shower 8 tube snow falling cascading lighting for string fairy.
raindrop lights chandelier lighting best quality led clear cast glass pendant meteor shower uk.
raindrop lights meteor shower rain led icicle falling cascading light for wedding party festival tree decoration garden outdoor india.
raindrop lights led meteor shower rain tube light decoration lamp w plug set solar powered string review.
raindrop lights solar led light for plaza outdoor decoration meteor shower rain decorative lighting powered string.
raindrop lights solar string powered.
raindrop lights lamp amazing chandelier lighting led meteor shower rain light tube decoration globrite solar.
raindrop lights solar powered string fairy.
raindrop lights various sizes fit modern spiral sphere crystal chandelier staircase lighting led round pendant xmas uk.
raindrop lights 8 tubes led meteor shower rain snow falling cascading outdoor ac solar string.
raindrop lights outdoor waterproof led with solar panel for or party decoration string fairy.
raindrop lights meteor shower rain led icicle falling cascading light for wedding party festival tree decoration garden outdoor solar powered string review.
raindrop lights led meteor shower rain icicle snow falling tubes

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.063992
Retrieved Text: So for those of you who didn't know. Seattle had more snow than it's had since 1990 the last few weeks. Church was cancelled 2 weeks in a row, businesses were closed, etc. People were all frustrated by the lack of plows, the fact that our eco-friendly solutiuon to the snow was sanding roads instead of salting, (that and some soy-based product) and that Western Washington was ill-prepared for snow. Well - to all that I say you can always move. This is the coast not some flat prarie, plowing tall hills is a lot more difficult (in some cases impossible) and having a ton of plows sitting around rusting in our frequent rain, waiting for the rare occasions (every few years) they are needed is wasteful. Besides, if you're well prepared at home, what's wrong with a snow day or two? Get out and play in it!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.967329
Retrieved Text: A reader notes that a man has been living in a snow pile next to the Starbucks on Second Avenue at Ninth Street the last few days... Apparently the employees of Starbucks and the pet store next door are used to him by now... He also refuses any kind of assistance from police or Social Services... Per the reader: "He's right in front of a bus stop too. All bundled up and packed in w/ the snow, garbage and pigeons."
I saw him on Christmas Eve. A sad sight. You'd think Social Services could do something because he must be mentally ill.
I saw him but felt funny taking a photo, so I didn't do it. Really sad sitting in a snow pile under a piece of plastic.
So then let's all get off our duffs and leave him containerized food... or is that not recommended???
Good idea... He may be refusing any assistance, though.
We were just in Union Square, and we saw two cops stop and ask a homeless guy if he was okay and if he needed anything. He said he was fine and thanked them. It was nice to see.
It is sad, but even if he is mentally ill, and he might not be, it is hard for social services to bring him in against his will these days.
I'm pretty certain he is refusing assistance. I live a block away and walk past this man every morning on my way to work. This past Monday (the morning after the blizzard), I saw him sitting in a snow

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.875704
Retrieved Text: Scouts were excited when they grabbed their gear for a four-day winter adventure. Ice fishing, cross-country skiing, ice skating, snow tubing and snowmobiling were things worth getting excited about.
Boy Scout Troop 33, chartered by First Lutheran Church in DeKalb, challenged Scouts each day with adventures that only winter could offer. Each experience offered something new to be involved in.
The first day was mostly travel. Along the Wisconsin-Michigan border, nonstop activity kept Scouts busy with incredible experiences they’ll never forget.
The second day involved venturing onto the frozen surface of Lac Vieux Desert where they enjoyed a day of ice fishing. Tip-up fishing devices were used. Tip-ups suspend bait through a hole drilled into the ice with an auger. A flag triggered up to signal whenever a fish took bait.
Scouts gathered at a central point on the lake, with tips-ups surrounding them in all directions. Boys rushed out whenever a flag signaled fish. At times, multiple sites reacted simultaneously with boys moving in different directions. They took turns pulling up fish.
Forty fish were caught, mostly northern pike plus two walleye and two muskie. They released the fish back into the lake except for eight large northern pike which they kept for dinner later that night. Their biggest catch was a 26-inch northern pike.
Outside a cabin, fish were deep fried along with some french fries. Cheesy potatoes and sloppy joe sandwiches were added.
On the third day, Scouts divided into two program groups.
The first group enjoyed a variety of activities. After their cross-country ski lesson, groomed trails offered them routes

================



======= Instance Index 114 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Two men are on a platform, fencing. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: jab at each other with their swords.

Ending 2: are slipping and sliding between two beams.

Ending 3: pick up sticks and start the match, alternating back and forth.

Ending 4: are in a par four olympics match.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.870975
Retrieved Text: Learn one of the fastest growing sports in the United States. Platform tennis is played outside year round and is a great way to exercise in the winter!
Platform Tennis The court is one-third the size of a traditional tennis court and is surrounded by a wire fence. The taut fencing allows balls to be played off the wall and remain in play. The sport is played with a spongy, rubber platform tennis ball and paddle which are available in the Ground Round. Platform tennis/pickleball courts are located behind the hotel near the Ground Round outdoor patio.
Learning to play platform tennis is relatively easy. It can be played by both men and women and by all ages. It is a doubles sport meaning that four players, two per side of the court, are needed to play the game.
Give pickleball a try! This sport combines elements of tennis, badminton and ping-pong. It can be played as doubles or singles.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.481981
Retrieved Text: The Nostrand Avenue (or Nostrand Av, Ave, or Avenu depending upon the platform sign) Station feels like a conventional subway elevated station with its own unique twist and is located in the middle of Atlantic Avenue on a very low structure, just west of the stop the tracks dip underground for the rest of their run to Flatbush Avenue, now renamed Atlantic Terminal. The elevated line is so narrow that it has no fencing (the two side platforms of this station do), and the standard wooden boards that allow weather such as snow to fall beneath the tracks. The stop is two blocks south of the Nostrand Avenue-Fulton Street Subway station and signs on the platforms tell riders of the transfer. The two side platforms for the two track line are extremely simple and narrow but are made out of concrete. For access: each platform at their western end each platform has a staircase up to a bridge across a portion of Atlantic Avenue to reach the train tracks that are in its median. These staircases are a short ways beyond the intersection of Nostrand Avenue. At this end of the platform is the stations only form of shelter, a canopied area that covers maybe two cars with a green translucent windscreen and roof. Alongside the entrance to the Eastbound platform is a small white brick shed that was a ticket office and still staffed until it was closed with budget cuts on August 19, 2009. The simple window looks outside to the platform. There are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.31204
Retrieved Text: On 17th March two US Vets for Peace went into Shannon Airport to attempt to inspect US military planes suspected of carrying troops and arms. They were arrested and held, with bail being refused. The charges were trespass and damage to fencing. Their legal team initiated a High Court Action to achieve bail. A High Court hearing was heard in Cloverhill, Clondalkin, Dublin on 28th March . PANA (to which the Irish Branch of the Celtic League is affiliated) asked for supporters to attend the hearing. The Convenor and International Secretary of the CL attended. About 15 supporters came along in all.
The two men, Ken Mayers (82) and Tarak Kauff (77) offered sureties of €5000 euros each and asked they be allowed to return to the US. They guaranteed they would return to Ireland for the trial. Their barrister read extracts from the US Vets Manifesto which emphasised the peaceful nature of their organisation and protests. The persecution reiterated the charges and said that the damage cause to the fencing was €2,500. Passports had been taken and they objected to bail on grounds of a flight risk ( despite the assurances given to return) . The High Court Judge after some discussion said he would not grant bail unless there was an address in Ireland for the two men. He rejected the guarantees of the two men to return if allowed home. Ex-Commandant Edward Horgan of Shannonwatch supplied an address in Limerick. The Judge granted bail for sureties of €2,500 each. The bail was paid by

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.133913
Retrieved Text: Saturday following soccer in the morning and after dropping over to Shelton’s just after lunch time for a quick 2 and a half hours to make a delivery and have a natter, I went down to the shed. I added the rest of the restraining posts for my stockyard platform. I then added the platform capping from 0.040” x 0.080” styrene. Following that I mixed up two loads of plaster and completed the earthen loading back behind the platform. I then painted the ground a base cover. No grass or actual dirt has been added as yet.
I also painted the pseudo rail cattle fencing a nice brown colour. Now people can see it against the white backdrop. I just need the photo backdrops that I will pickup at the Brisbane May Exhibition.
A view of the cattle unloading platform.
A view from a slightly different angle.
While on my fence addiction, I walked past the local cemetery near Fairy Hill and decided that I needed to make up the missing pieces of fencing around this sacred site. I had a few offcuts of fencing that I brought up into the house and worked out that 0.060” x 0.060” was a post, 0.040” x 0.040” was a rail and close to 0.030” x 0.040” were the palings. So I then built the missing pieces of fencing and fitted them on Sunday morning.
The Cemetery before the fencing was completed.
The fencing over the uneven ground was the issue but relatively easy to complete.
It looks just like commercial fencing all the way around

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.816286
Retrieved Text: A complex and personalized online store with thousands of products, and a 360 degree single view of the customer across all channels.
Jacksons Fencing was established in 1947, and is now a leading UK manufacturer of metal and wooden garden fencing, gates and accessories. Jacksons Fencing offers roughly 1,300 products online with an online shop which allows customers to calculate the amount of fencing, decking, gates and accessories needed. It is also possible to order products by both trade and direct customers.
Digital agency Sagittarius have re-built Jacksons’ residential site on Sitecore 8.2 with Ucommerce integration, implementing Sitecore tools including Experience Database, Analytics, WFFM and personalisation.
Jacksons Fencing has a number of challenges that they are looking to solve with their digital proposition. The website needs to communicate with a number of audiences ranging from residential consumers, trade and installers, and offer them a commercial proposition. The migration from an existing successful bespoke built .NET platform to Sitecore 8.2 with no drop in traffic or ecommerce sales and conversions was deemed as the largest challenge.
It was also imperative to utilise the capabilities of Sitecore and allow the brand to use personalisation to talk to multiple audiences and achieve a 360 single customer view across all channels, both offline and online. This integrated approach also included using the email marketing and the development platform with an ambition to drive sales and conversion.
Having worked with Jacksons Fencing for over 14 years, Sagittarius are proud to have been part of their digital growth and migration onto the Sitecore platform. With this opportunity

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.685356
Retrieved Text: Fencing Lessons is a powerful new bible curriculum for young teens! Fencing Lessons student workbook is a bible curriculum for students in grades 5-10. It is designed to teach the student to love the Bible and to use it effectively in his or her own life.
Fencing Lessons (9780983465737) student workbook is an exciting new bible curriculum designed to help your student grow to love and depend on his/her Bible for all life's answers and dilemmas, big and small. We are so excited to bring this new bible curriculum to you!
1. Sword Drill is a simple exercise to help your student not only memorize the books of the bible (for quick and easy access), but also to help him/her learn a little about each book.
2. Sword Play exercises are puzzles, riddles, word searches, and quizzes that use God’s Word. As your students play the games and solves the puzzles, they are becoming more familiar with God’s Word, helping them to hide His Word in their hearts.
3. Fencing Practice is a short Bible study based on a particular passage (the same passage used in the Sword Play exercise).
4. Thrust and Parry is the most important part of the lesson. It teaches the student to apply God’s Word to his/her own life, so he’s not like the man in James 1:23 who looks in the mirror, then forgets what he’s seen.
I’ve attempted to phrase all the questions throughout Fencing Lessons in such a way that your students will be able to answer them regardless of the version of the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.559128
Retrieved Text: Label: french secretary desk with hutch. antique secretary desk with hutch parts. secretary desk with hutch white. secretary desk with hutch plans. secretary desk with hutch ethan allen.
Label: top grain leather couches little rock. 100% top grain leather couch for sale. top grain leather couch. are top grain leather couches good quality. pigmented flexsteel top grain leather couch.
Label: glass top vanity australia. black glass top vanity. glass top vanity diy. glass top vanity sink. glass top vanity unit.
Label: modern platform beds with drawers. modern platform beds calgary. modern platform beds made in usa. modern platform beds with storage. modern platform bed set.
Label: ideas for sliding closet doors. ideas for removing closet doors. alternative ideas for closet doors. ideas for closet doors pinterest. curtain ideas for closet doors.
Label: hancock and moore sofas for sale. hancock and moore sofa leather. hancock and moore fabric sofas. hancock and moore reclining sofas. hancock and moore sofa frame.
Label: black vinyl coated wire fencing. black vinyl rail fencing. black vinyl wire fencing. black vinyl fencing images. vinyl fencing black friday.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.44353
Retrieved Text: Yes sensei, those were fencing terms.
In debana waza for example (if I understand the actions correctly) a fencer seeing the action of moving the sword from the right side of the opponents blade to the left by going over the top of the opponents blade would recognize the action as a "coupe" in fencing.
Or the action of moving your target area by, say, side stepping your opponents attack and at the same time launching your own attack is a "counter attack" in fencing.
The similarities are interesting but the differences are important.
Thank You for the story of Mori Sensei. It highlights the similarities that allowed him to learn quickly but he did have to learn due to the differences.
Thank you again sensei for all the direction you give those of us trying to do kendo correctly.
Kendo-Guide.Com: It is my great pleasure. I am learning a lot too. :) And thank you for your explanation. What interests me is that I can have a clear image of what you described.
Can one use fencing moves in kendo? I think that this question has many roots.
I have done kendo and fencing for close to 20 years and have competed a lot in fencing. So far I have found that many of the individual actions that a sword can do are the same in kendo and fencing.
Using the bokuto waza for example: single cuts (simple attacks), continuous cuts (attack, compound attacks and remise), harai waza (beat attacks), hiki waza (body contact: a penalty in fencing), nuki waza (counter attacks), suriage waza

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.436428
Retrieved Text: A combination of flu and Harvard plagued the Dartmouth fencing teams Saturday morning at the IAB and sent their men and women back to Hanover with 18-9 and 10-6 defeats, respectively, at the hands of the Crimson.
Sabreman Robert Homer, foilsman Eric Mandelbaum and epeeman Bob Tillman led the Harvard men as they each won three bouts while losing name.
Tillman adapted well to the styles of his opponents, beating his first two foes who preferred fencing at arms distance by making quick running lungers at the torso and out-dueling his final, more versatile enemy, with cautions attacks.
Cathy Lowry spearheaded the Crimson women leading them back from a 1-3 opening round by capturing all four of her bouts, and allowing only eight touches against herself in the process. Lowry seemed to have regained her confidence after a tentative midweek performance against MIT, and fenced aggressively using a combination of her strength and agility to ease past her opponents.
Lowry's teammates, captain Nancy Cooper and Debbie Sze, helped secure the victory over Dartmouth as they each took three of their four bouts.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.420681
Retrieved Text: 31 Rohingya Muslims are stuck in no-man's land, holed-up behind the barbed wire fencing along the Bangladesh border in Tripura since Friday, while a-blame-game is on between border guards of two-countries over their refuge. The BSF officials said six-men, nine women and 16 children were detained by BGB and are behind the fencing at Rayermura in West Tripura district, about 15 km from Agartala.
The Supreme Court has refused to interfere in the Centre's decision to deport seven Rohingya refugees to Myanmar. A plea was filed seeking restraint on Centre's order for deporting the refugees from Assam's Silchar detention centre, over their illegal stay. Over 14,000 Rohingyas are registered with the UN refugee agency while 40,000 are estimated to be living in India.
The Centre has directed all states to collect biometric details of Rohingyas and other illegal immigrants living in their jurisdiction, a Home Ministry official said. The move is part of a nation-wide security exercise to identify the illegal immigrants as they move to different parts of the country. Around 40,000 Rohingyas are said to be living in India illegally.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.275635
Retrieved Text: Lamoille Fencing is a small business located at the base of the Ruby Mountains in Lamoille, NV. We provide services locally to the Elko, NV area, all of Elko county, neighboring counties which include Eureka, Lander, and Humboldt. We have traveled to western Nevada to build fence and we are always happy to look at a job that is within our scope of work.
We currently have 3 crews building fence, 2 part time office assistants and Dean and Cindy. We are extremely proud of our staff as they are the backbone of our company. Many of the men on our fence crews have been with Lamoille Fencing for many years. We have very little turnover so there is not a lot of time spent training new men. This allows us to mobilize to a job and to quickly and efficiently get it done.
We have been in the fencing business since the year 2000. Dean was able to work for a few years in the Sacramento area sub- contracting for Blue Lake Housing Authority. This provided an excellent opportunity to expand our experience to construct many various types of fence.
We build residential and commercial fences. We have built chain link, vinyl, pole/rail fencing with wire, and ornamental fence. We have also built wildlife fence and range fence for the various gold mines in our area and also for some of the local ranchers located in our area. We have built fence according to Nevada Department of Transportation specs and the Bureau of Land Management.
We have grown considerably

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.265732
Retrieved Text: Qatar’s first wheelchair fencing classes launched today at the French-Qatari School Lycee Voltaire under the sponsorship of Definitely Able, a Sasol initiative, and local telecommunications provider Ooredoo. Organized by the Clement Fencing Academy, the classes will demonstrate the important role of sports in improving fitness and enhancing self-confidence for people with disabilities.
Sasol, the international integrated chemicals company, has made inclusion, accessibility and support of the disabled a key pillar of its corporate social responsibility programme, sponsoring many sporting and lifestyle opportunities that can help the disabled reach their full potential under Sasol’s Definitely Able umbrella. Through their Accessible Qatar initiative, Sasol is also working to make Qatar more accessible to people of all abilities.
Wheelchair fencing was developed by Sir Ludwig Guttmann at the Stoke Mandeville Hospital in England and was introduced to the world at the Rome 1960 Paralympic Games. Disabled men and women who usually use a wheelchair in their daily lives are eligible to compete in foil epee (men and women) and saber (men) events. Their wheelchairs are fastened to the floor during competition.
At the event, lead sponsor Sasol unveiled a set of advanced wheelchairs specially designed for wheelchair fencing. The new wheelchairs provide users with smooth and functional control, allowing them to safely master the sport of fencing.
Clement Fencing Academy embraces the value of “fencing for all” through the practice of fencing and self-development. The goal of the CFA is to combine fun with education. Clement Fencing Academy is offering wheelchair fencing classes at a 90% discount at Lycee Voltaire schools in West

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.150484
Retrieved Text: The sport called fencing has been popular across the world since the Middle Ages in Europe. It’s remained popular on the east coast of america, probably because that’s where it originated in America. The University of Connecticut fence team is recognized throughout the nation among the best at the game. The CT fence team is pleased to continue the tradition that has lived through so many centuries. Since it’s existed for so long, there have been a number of types to form from many different areas of the planet.
Fencing was constantly around since metal and stone existed since people used these substances to fight each other. Fencing schools are documented in Europe from the 1100s. All these countries appear to have affected each other in regards to creating the art of fencing. Also, in this time it was just the wealthy who could take part in the sport since it was viewed as something only the wealthy could or had the ability to do. Fencing was practiced through a duel in which two guys would fight one another, usually to the death over a debt, nobility/honor, or a girl.
Schools began teaching students as a game, rather than training in the event the need to fight in a duel actually arose. After the fencing schools opened was when people who weren’t considered wealthy started to take part in the sport. This was the time when different kinds of fencing started to come about as different teachers and schools taught fencing distinct ways.
Today, fencing continues to be done

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.939037
Retrieved Text: The rapier is a classic standard; it was once regarded as the sword of choice not only among gentlemen and nobility, but also became one of the most common swords of the era, achieving nothing short of wide-spread use, both in matters of personal honor and in actual conflicts between enemies. And now, we are happy to offer you a number of decorative fencing rapiers. Each and every one of our decorative fencing rapiers are modeled after the appearance or style of a rapier that was, at one point, accepted and common; some are actually even replicas designed after historical swords. Each of these swords is beautifully crafted; many feature swept guards or cupped guards, which are two of the most common guard styles associated with the rapier. And while many of our decorative fencing rapiers appear to look functional, none of them truly are; these decorative and beautiful rapiers are replications that are designed to convey a sense of prestige and power. They are display items that are not meant to withstand the rigors and stresses of actual combat for any period of time. If you are looking for a rapier that you intend on using in combat or sparring, check our other fencing sections. But if you are looking for a beautiful, period-accurate rapier that will proudly occupy a place on your wall or mantle, then look no further than our decorative fencing rapiers.
Precision, agility, and technique are all three things that the rapier emphasizes, thanks to its narrow blade. This Black Wire Hilt

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.86727
Retrieved Text: Image of a uniformed person obscured by dense grasses.
Image of a man in uniform standing in a field in grasses almost up to his waist. There is a group of people, including another uniformed man, watching him from the side of the field. In the distance are several low buildings among dense greenery.
Image of of a girl standing in the road carrying a large bundle on her head. There is a large group of people walking past her on the road. There is a small guard tower visible in the field adjacent to the road.
Image of a group of people walking down a road. They are mostly young men and boys. One of them is riding on a bicycle. There is a woman with an umbrella. Behind them are several large vehicles and a man in uniform.
Image of a large group of people and uniformed men walking down a road. One of the uniformed men is on a motorbike. There are several large vehicles on the road.
Image of two uniformed men on a bicycle riding down a road. One of them is steering while the other sits on the back wheel holding onto a long-barrelled gun. Past them is a low wall with a small guard tower at one end. Behind the wall are several low buildings. Several other people are walking on the road further down, and in the distance can be seen large vehicles.
Image of several uniformed men standing by a military vehicle parked on a road. There is a truck past them on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.630594
Retrieved Text: Are there any age restrictions for fencing?
There are members of our club that range in age from about 10 to several of us who are old enough to enjoy fencing with our kids. Members of all ages engage in bouts with each other, and typically find that skill and experience are the deciding factors, rather than age. For that reason, fencing is an excellent family sport.
Is fencing hard to learn?
The basics are fairly easy. Each fencer has their own style, and every individual brings something to the sport that everyone can learn from. The best aspect of the sport is that you never stop learning.
The Club offers a sixteen-session course leading to the ability to engage safely and competently in open fencing with other members.
After completing this lesson series, every club meeting includes the opportunity for further instruction in footwork and bladework.
Fencing is a very safe and lifelong sport. It is an extraordinarily safe sport considering its heritage and nature. If you are new to fencing, the first question you'll likely ask is, "Are the weapons real? Are they sharp?" Yes, they are "real". No, they are not sharp. The ends are blunted and covered by either a rubber tip or flat metal "button". The risk of being injured by broken weapons is rare. Proper protective gear significantly reduces any potential risk. Centuries of fencing practice have led us to state of the art protection. Today, the best fencing jackets, pants and masks are often made with puncture-resistant fabrics such as "bullet-proof" Kevlar.
Both men and women

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.532772
Retrieved Text: We are very happy indeed with our new gates and fencing. As requested, security is much improved, the suggested design is lovely and it looks as though it will last forever. Andrew obviously invests in high quality materials and workmanship. Highly recommended.
Andrew Brown demonstrated how to run a business; quick to respond, great communication, reliable and then providing us with a beautiful garden fence(and I never thought a garden fence could be so nice!). The guys that installed the fence did a great job too. I would definitely recommend using Quality Fencing Deal, Kent.
Just had a large job carried out and couldn’t have been happier with the service.
The two young men were polite and friendly. Would use again in the future.
We are delighted with our new fences and gate. The quality is second to nothing. Andrew was a pleasure to do business with, cannot recommended highly enough.
Very pleased with the quality and workmanship of fence and gates installed, Chris and Ben obviously take pride in their work. I will have no hesitation in recommending Quality Fencing. Many thanks to Andrew for the prompt and efficient service provided.
Andrew and his team were efficient, polite, friendly and totally professional. We love our new fence. They also dealt well with my last minute (on the day) change of fence height! We would absolutely highly recommend Quality Fencing without hesitation. Their precision of the concrete posts has to be seen to be believed.
Andrew and his team did an outstanding job. Every aspect of their work was professional from responding quickly

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.487309
Retrieved Text: After two spot strokes, the red would be replaced on the centre spot, to limit the repetition of "all-in" play. The list of qualifiers from the regional groups are: Archery Aquatic sports Athletics outdoor race walking Badminton men women mixed individual Biathlon Bobsleigh and skeleton Boxing amateur Canoeing slalom sprint Cycling BMX mountain biking road track urban Equestrianism dressage eventing show jumping Fencing Golf men women Gymnastics artistic rhythmic trampoline Ice skating figure short track speed Judo Karate Luge artificial track natural track Modern pentathlon Rowing Sailing Shooting Skateboarding Skiing alpine nordic freestyle snowboarding Sport climbing Surfing Table tennis Taekwondo Tennis Men Women Triathlon mixed relay Weightlifting Wrestling. This normally means around 20 per cent of fees on the day remain which go the EABA. They sanctioned two championships, a spot-barred and an all-in. Dave White followed an excellent semi final win over Rob Hall with victory in the final to add the Whitworth Masters trophy to the Grand Masters trophy won earlier in the year. These tours continued for several years and even when the Loose Cannons were no longer, Peter enjoyed his annual pilgrimage to NZ and on retirement used to split his time between the UK and New Zealand.
Gemma. Age: 25. When Was the Last Time Something or Someone Exceeded Your Expectations?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.483288
Retrieved Text: CF360 is the official home for the national college fencing poll. The official name of the rankings is the CollegeFencing360.com Fencing Coaches Poll. The first poll of 2012 was released on Jan. 19, with the second 2012 poll released in mid-February while the final poll will appear in early March (after the 2102 NCAA regionals). An assortment of archived polls from previous years and historical notes on the USFCA poll are included below (to be expanded in the future) ... scroll down for polls in reverse chronological order (polls later will be re-formatted via list of links).
Analysis and historical perspective to be added later.
The third and final poll of the 2010-11 season will be added here.
Notes – There was no change in the top-five spots of the men's poll, while current #6 Penn and #7 Princeton swapped spots ... Duke moved up from #9 to #8, Stanford stayed at #10 and current #9 Yale (which nearly won the Ivy League title) is the newcomer to the top-10, replacing former #8 Columbia ... the ND women stayed #1 but the new #2 on the women's side is Ohio State, after the former #10 Buckeyes rattled off numerous upsets over the past month ... current #3 Princeton and #4 St. John's both have moved up a spot, with Penn State slipping from #2 to #5 and Harvard dropping from #3 all the way to #8 ... current #6 Northwestern has moved up a spot, while Temple improved from #9 to #7, Columbia dropped from #6 to #10, and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.327692
Retrieved Text: Don’t judge a book by its cover. While Dealer Inspire’s platform may look sleek, its data driven approach to design and functionality is second to none. Using Google’s Material Design elements, Inspire operates by constantly innovating and implementing change based on behind the scenes ROI and event testing. DI breaks the mold by using platform originating digital retailing tools such as geo-fencing, personalization, advanced payment calculator, Conversations (live chat), YouTube video plugins, and more. Adding the backend components of the True ROI dashboard, inventory analytics and customer intelligence module, dealers will have everything they need to handle leads better and measure results in a way they never could have before.
Dealer Inspire is built on top of Wordpress, a powerful, agile, and easy-to-use Content Management System on the web. 22% of all new websites are using Wordpress for a reason — this open-source system is constantly evolving with new functionality, search engines favor its easily indexable pages, and your team can jump in and start using your new site right away without learning any complicated tools.
The geo-fencing module, which also comes standard with every Dealer Inspire website, allows you to target customers in specific areas — including your competitor's showroom floor — with customized messaging, offers, and conquest campaigns. Appeal to new customers with pin-point, personalized accuracy and gain market share.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.295603
Retrieved Text: DURHAM, N.C. – Following an undefeated weekend at the Philadelphia Invitational and a week off from competition, the Duke fencing team will be back in action at the Northwestern Duals for a two-day meet in Evanston, Ill.
This will be the toughest weekend so far for the eighth-ranked Blue Devil women and 10th-ranked men as they will face eight teams tabbed in the top 10 of the CollegeFencing360 Coaches Poll. The women are slated to take on No. 1 Notre Dame, No. 2 Northwestern, No. 5 Ohio State, No. 6 Princeton and No. 10 Temple while the men will also battle the top-ranked Irish, No. 5 Princeton and No. 7 Ohio State.
Duke has been led by an array of freshmen in epeeist Ava Navarro (19-3), foilist Zoe Superville (19-6), epeeist Huda Aldadah (18-6), saberist Alex Gorman (18-6) and saberist Terence Lee (17-4).
A complete schedule of this weekend’s events and the competing Blue Devils can be found below. Live stats throughout the event can be found here.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.265017
Retrieved Text: Lisa is the New York Times and USA Today Bestselling Author of the Raine Benares novels, a comedic fantasy adventure series, as well as the SPI Files, which is best described as Men in Black meets the X Files.
Lisa is a voracious collector of fountain pens, teapots, and teacups, both vintage and modern. She lives on a farm in North Carolina with her husband, four spoiled-rotten retired racing greyhounds, and enough deer and woodland creatures to fill a Disney movie.
Me after a rapier duel during our fencing club’s appearance at a local Renaissance faire.
I’m taking a breather during a fencing demo at a local Renaissance faire. And yes, the costumes (and all the protective gear underneath) are as hot as they look.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.22041
Retrieved Text: We've added an amazing new outing to our programing, fencing, thanks to Denver Fencing Center, the premier fencing school in Colorado. Soldiers, Vets, Craig Hospital participants, men, women and children are all excited to be here. Nathan, Maggie, and Chris will be our instructors.
We start with the basics as we are all beginners, so there is a lot of learn. It's not like the old pirate movies. We are ready to suit up, grab a weapon and become a human pin cushion...just kidding you don't feel a thing. We paired up and the Fencing begins.
Everyone is having a great time. Whether casual or competitive, the staff will accommodate. A big thanks to the Denver Fencing Center, the participants, and all the volunteers.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.181973
Retrieved Text: Our story may not be an incredible one, but it works.
All-Out Fencing is a fencing company established in 2006, based out of Nanaimo, British Columbia (in Central Vancouver Island).
We’re a professional, dedicated company, built by family-men trying to make an honest, fulfilling living.
All-Out Fencing is not a huge company. When you’re talking about “All-Out Fencing”, you’re really talking about Paul and his crew. And that’s what makes it so great – when you hire All-Out Fencing, you hire the owner of the company. And he’s a pretty nice guy.
Paul began his life-long love of working outside in the West Coast elements when he joined a small, locally-owned landscaping company – “back in the day”.
After spending his time in the work force, gaining experience landscaping, Paul recognized that Nanaimo could provide an opportunity for a fresh, dedicated fencing company. The first business decision for Paul was an easy one: he would approach his old high-school friend Steve about building the company together.
Steve and Paul joined forces in 2006 to form All-Out Fencing, and built high-end fences on Vancouver Island together for over 7 years. Paul is proud to be building fences in a city he loves while supporting his young family, and even though Steve is no longer with the company, they remain good friends.
Now that you’ve learned a little about what makes All-Out Fencing unique, you’re probably dying to talk to Paul, right?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.940308
Retrieved Text: To be considered for inclusion in the Summer Olympics, a sport must be widely played in at least 75 countries on at least four continents. The list of featured sports often changes, with IOC members regularly voting on whether to include or exclude particular sports. The only sports to have been included in every Summer Olympics are athletics, cycling, fencing, gymnastics and swimming. Some sports, like lacrosse and polo, were included just a few times early last century, and others like croquet and cricket were included just once. Baseball and softball were included fairly recently but then excluded again, while golf and rugby are being included again in 2016 for the first time in many years. Several other sports, like karate and squash, have never been included despite strong lobbying over many years.
Most Olympic sports are well-known and well-understood, but some of the less well-known are the "combined events" that include several activities in one sport, such as the men's decathlon and the women's heptathlon. In the decathlon, men compete in ten different track and field events, while in the heptathlon women compete in seven events. Both sports include running, throwing and jumping events, and both are held over two days. Competitors earn points in each event, and medals are won by those earning the highest total number of points. Another "combined event" is the modern pentathlon which originated as a test of skills needed by 19th-century European soldiers, and includes fencing, shooting, swimming, running, and show jumping. Another is the triathlon, which combines a 1.5km

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.923655
Retrieved Text: The University of the Philippines Fencing Team, is one of the eighteen varsity teams thatrepresent UP in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) will be hosting a special screening of the movie, X-Men: Apocalypse. Every ticket entitles you a chance to win: UP Fencing Varsity Jacket, UP Maroon Caps and more. All proceeds will be used for the benefit of the UP Fencing Team, to shoulder the expenses on our much needed piste and fencing equipment.
OMG! This Girl Looks Like Kathryn Bernardo!!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.905403
Retrieved Text: Sword fighting has been the stuff of childhood games and swashbuckling movies.
But fencing is so much more and you will be able to see some of the best duel at the Arnold Sports Festival Australia.
Fencing, born from a form of military training in the 14th Century, was included in the first modern Olympics in 1896 and has remained on the program ever since. It is a sport of tactics, lightning reflexes and stamina.
The three weapons used in this Olympic sport are epee, foil, and sabre, with different target areas and rules for each weapon. Fencers compete on 14-metre long pistes in bouts lasting up to 3 minutes – but spectators may find the bouts are over much quicker than that.
Fencing is widespread across Australia among men, women, young and old. Australia has sent fencers to most Olympics and Victorian fencers are ranked internationally.
The first Arnold Sports Festival Australia Open Fencing Championships was fast, fun and highly competitive with fencers from all over the country duelling for a medal. Divisions included Open (all age groups), team events in all three weapons and the Victorian Schools League in epee only.
We would love to talk to you about fencing rules, choosing your weapon, and how to get into fencing. For more information on a club or school near you, see the Fencing Victoria website.
Fencing is one of only four sports to be included in every modern Olympic Games since 1896.
Fencing is the only combat sport with no weight classes.
The tip of the fencing weapon is the second fastest moving

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.898106
Retrieved Text: If you are a beginner, membership might NOT be the right option for you! Click here to view our beginner packages.
Not a beginner? Come here often? If so, membership might be the best option for you!
Floor fee option is available for non members at $40.00 per day. This gives you the opportunity to participate in classes and take private lessons at member price for this day in addition to open fence.
Please call us if you have any questions on the above information.
USFA Membership: Membership to the United States Fencing Association is required to participate in Manhattan Fencing Center activities. This allows you to enter any official tournaments and it provides you with insurance in the unlikely event of an injury while participating in any fencing activity.
Liability Waiver: A signed waiver is required to participate in Manhattan Fencing Center activities. No exceptions.
Equipment: Equipment can be rented or purchased on site. Provided for beginner classes free of charge.
Please note: Full fencing uniform is required to participate in electric and dry fencing in addition to any drill activity. This includes knickers, underarm protector, chest protector for women and protective cups for men.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.846252
Retrieved Text: what is labor cost to install 8 ft. wood composite fence.Wood composite fence post routed for Woodshades panels, .. ? white composite cladding planks .. ? plastic swimming pools deck fence ? water platform outdoor deck ..
Composite Decking Supplier | White PVC Fence | Composite fence.practical Composite Decking Supplier,wall panel,composite fence,white pvc fence,park bench,wpc flower box,composite .. dock, seaside, wetlands, water platform, ..
how to make a fence from plastic water bottles.Images forhow to make a fence from plastic water bottles .. including building materials such as fencing and composite .. lumber plastic floor platform; composite ..
water platform composite decking vietnam.water platform composite .. Outdoor Deck Floor Covering non toxic deck wood outdoor platform wood composite decking white ,. water proof .. composite wood fence ..
Composite Picket Fence White - Composite decking products.Composite Picket Fence White. Composite Fence .. Wood Plastic Composite Decking can be cleaned using soap and water, .. Composite Decking Platform; Swimming Pool ..
outdoor composite wpc platform.Platform Decking Floor Outdoor Boards Composite Decking Floor WPC Floor Water .. Platform / Seaside Wood Plastic Composite .. fencing; price on black composite ..

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.844315
Retrieved Text: Just got the flier from Ed Sweeney…he does “not share my values”…I value a school member candidate that is open minded and concerned with safety over aesthetics!! As a teacher and as a resident, I DO support the fences…all community members should as well since post Sandy Hook there is a new reality regarding the safety of our students and the school grounds.
I have been a resident in T/E for 23 years and a parent in the school district for 14 of those years. I’m still active in the school district and will be for years to come.
I have polled many teachers about the fencing initiative. I haven’t spoken to one teacher, or one resident for that matter, who say they support it.
I’m curious, why come out now?
To be honest, I was fairly ignorant to the issue until recent…I attended the voter forum and I saw how the issue of the fencing had become sensationalized and politicized…also, I had the opportunity to talk to one of the candidates with the platform of no fencing and it was my take that they opposed the fences primarily because of aesthetics and the fact that the proposed fencing would be so intrusive for the abutters…this candidate really gave no good answers to my questions…so, that is my long answer why I am coming out now.
My take on the issue is we need to have the experts weigh in and if they say the fencing plan that is now being discussed (my understanding is the current plan is a compromise

================



======= Instance Index 2361 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Two men are standing in a forest. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are holding up axes.

Ending 2: take off running and swing axes.

Ending 3: hold rafts in inflatable tubes.

Ending 4: are engaged in a game of cricket.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.906025
Retrieved Text: WOODLAND TOWNSHIP — State Police want to talk to two men about the recent forest fire in the Pinelands that charred over 11,000 acres.
The men may have information about the fire that started on March 30 in the Penn State Forest in Woodland Township off Spring Hill Road. The state Forest Fire Service said the fire was started by human activity in an area known for illegal bonfires.
The two men are pictured standing with two Jeeps as a plume of gray smoke billows up from the woods in images released Thursday night. State Police did not disclose the exact location of the photo.
No homes or businesses were damaged by the blaze, and no injuries or mandatory evacuations were reported. Route 72 was closed through the area on the Burlington/Ocean County border and smoke could be smelled throughout much of the state.
Another fire on a training range on the Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in the Browns Mills section of Pemberton Township developed less than a week later, burning 660 acres.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.197798
Retrieved Text: Forest, OH, is well known for its abundant environment friendly landscape. With it being such a great place to live and work, we also understand that the weather can take its toll on the roof and repairs are often required. So if you love your city and you rely on your roof to shelter you from all that the weather may through at your home, and then consider that you will love our service, 888-532-6667.
So, how do you go about choosing a good Forest, OH repair specialist for your home? Choosing a Roofing Specialist in Forest, OH -- Hire a Qualified Professional with Expertise, hire Roof Repair Men.
Whether you're looking for regular maintenance, repairs to a damaged or leaky roof or in need of a complete replacement, make sure to hire a Roof Repair Men professional Roof Repair company. As qualified roofing specialists we understand these distinct weather patterns and which materials protect against a variety of Forest, OH climate conditions including sun, rain, drizzle, heat, algae, moss and at times, even snow or ice.
Learn about the expertise level of our potential roofer before hiring anyone to do a Roof Repair in Forest, OH. You want our professionals with several years of experience in Forest, OH. Roof Repair Men specialist you hire will be able to demonstrate industry knowledge specific to Forest, OH, such as why highly pitched steep roofs are often the best choice and how to ensure for proper ventilation in the moist climate.
One sure-fire way to hire a first rate Forest, OH Roof

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.409006
Retrieved Text: Are you interested in doing a job where you have to lie on your back for two months? Also, you will get your salary of €16,000 (a little over $17,000). No, this is not a joke.
Scientists at the Institute for Space Medicine and Physiology near Toulouse, France are looking for 24 fit and healthy men to spend 60 days on their back in bed and they will also pay for that. The scientists are hoping to study microgravity. They want to see what will happen to the body when it’s completely listless. It is a simulation to study the effects of microgravity, a state of virtual weightlessness.
The researchers will choose 24 candidates who do not smoke, have a body mass index between 22 and 27 and they have to be willing to undergo rigorous training prior to starting the extreme experiment.
Beck also stated like the astronauts who have spent a long time in space, the volunteers will experience muscle loss in the lower body, a decline in bone mass and trouble with standing after that experiment.
After the two months period, the 24 volunteers will spend two weeks undergoing further tests and recovering from the experiment.
Female Mogli Was Rescued From The Forest!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.40839
Retrieved Text: Two giant ape-like creatures or hominids were sighted on the morning of November 18, 2007, in central China's Hubei Province. They were seen in the Shennongjia Nature Reserve, which is famous for sightings of bigfoot-type hominids. Four tourists reported being face to face with two wild men while exploring an area close to the Licha River, at the foot of Laojun Mountain. Known as the Yeren in China, these hominids are said to resemble the North American bigfoot or sasquatch.
A Changjiang Times report dated November 20, relates how scientist Zhang Jinxing had been carrying out field work in the region, when he met the four tourists. They claimed they had seen two wild men around the Licha River on the morning of November 18, standing behind some shrubbery, around 50 meters from their car. The beings fled into woodland as soon as they noticed the car. The tourists reported their sightings to some forest rangers, with whom they returned to the area. They group discovered footprints, broken branches, and wild fruits scattered on the ground. Local authorities have sent an investigation team to the area, and promise to reveal the results of their investigation at the earliest possible date.
I believe that bigfoot-type beings are real. There have been too any convincing sightings and a lot of evidence such as huge footprints in remote areas, etc. I don't think they're apes, I think they're people of some kind. I'm intrigued by the fact that many people believe these beings to be paranormal in origin. I think I'd

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.375004
Retrieved Text: Studies show that positive immune benefits can last up to a month after a visit to the woods.
New research shows that besides lowering blood pressure and pulse rate, and reducing levels of the stress hormone cortisol, spending time in nature boosts your immune system, too.
In a study in Japan, 12 healthy men between the ages of 37 and 55 took a three-day, two-night trip to the forest. On the first day, the men spent two hours in the afternoon walking in the forest. On the second day, they walked in the forest for two hours in the morning and two hours in the afternoon. Blood samples tested on days two and three showed that in 11 of the 12 men there was a 50 percent increase in natural killer cells. These cells are one of the main components of the immune system, and they play a central role in fighting tumors and viruses. Further studies show that these positive immune benefits can last up to a month after a visit to the woods.
Researchers believe that the increase in natural killer cells is in part a response to phytoncides, the essential oils in wood that help protect it from insects and rotting. In Japan, where the studies were first conducted, the practice, dubbed “forest bathing,” has become so popular that the government there is creating official “forest therapy” sites, and companies are adding “forest therapy” to their health plans.
What kind of a world are we living in that people need to officially have “forest therapy”? Come on!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.446278
Retrieved Text: 397 records – page 1 of 8.
Item is the unbound master copy of the "Burnaby Centennial Anthology / Stories of Early Burnaby" produced for the Burnaby Heritage Advisory Committee by: Harry Pride, Annie Boulanger, Marjorie Colclough, Barbara Froese and Les Lee Lowe (members of the History and Heritage Committee of Burnaby's 1992 Centennial Committee).
Photograph of Bob and Mary Anne O'Brien, parents of Harry O'Brien.
Photograph of Esther Giffen Wood, mother of Robert "Bob" Wood standing in a forested area.
Photograph of a yard and trees covered with snow. Houses are visible in the background.
Photograph of a woman and two children standing outside. They are members of the Jackson family.
Photograph of husband and wife, Harold and Florence Jackson.
Photograph of baby Vera Jackson, taken outdoors.
Photograph of the Phillips family, parents and two children, in a horse and buggy.
Photograph of an unidentified man and woman standing outside.
Photograph of Ethen Cornforth at eighty-six years old.
Photograph of Annie Clark and possibly one of her daughters, Mary or Bessie.
Photograph of a group of house builders outside a partially constructed home.
Photograph of two women in a garden with houses in the background.
Photograph of cousins John Wosnuk and Ernest Stephen standing in front of a pile of wood.
Photograph of Reliable House Movers jacking up a house.
Photograph of a group of nineteen young people sitting and standing together outside.
Photograph of a group of twenty-three young people sitting and standing together outside.
Photograph of wisteria growing over a garden gate.
Photograph of a 1935 Ford beside a snow bank.
Photograph of a water tower with graffiti on it.
Photograph of a sailing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.313934
Retrieved Text: Image depicts a horse on Cottonwood Island.
Item is a photograph of Prince George taken from the air on August 2, 1965.
Photograph depicts a view of the river shore, a few scattered buildings and tents are near the shore. A footpath leads from the water's edge between the dwellings and through the newly cleared land.
Photograph depicts twenty-eight or more people standing on the river's edge, a stack of wood is ready for loading on the steamer that is anchored near the shore.
Photograph depicts four men paddling a long canoe. The canoe is loaded with supplies and a dog, river and forest in the background.
Image depicts a small slope on Carney Hill in Prince George, B.C.
Image depicts miocene gravels on Carney Hill in Prince George, B.C.
Photograph depicts six men standing outside a small log building. A sawhorse in the foreground, a tall pole "cache" and forest in the background.
Image depicts a highway, and a section of mountain in the background which is bare due to clear-cut logging. It is possibly somewhere near Prince George, B.C.
Image depicts a clearing at Island Cache.
File contains slides depicting Cottonwood Island in Prince George, B.C.
Image depicts Elmer Mercier, a former mayor of Prince George, B.C., cutting the ribbon to open Cottonwood Park's Heritage Trail.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.244608
Retrieved Text: How is wildlife protected in a working forest?
Openings have always occurred in the forest. Historically, they were created by wind or fire, and many animal species have adapted to use these spaces, feeding on the abundant and nutritious vegetation that flourishes in young, open forests.
Natural openings contain standing dead trees called snags, patches of live trees and down logs – all of which are important habitat. Timber harvest also creates openings that are used by many species, though a tradeoff of timber production is that fewer down logs and standing trees are left behind.
Leaving wildlife habitat during harvest.
So when a harvest is larger than 25 acres, Oregon’s forest practice laws require leaving “structure” in the clearing to somewhat mimic a natural opening.
Standing trees. Loggers and landowners must leave standing live trees or snags – at least two per acre of harvest, each at least 30 feet tall and 11 inches in diameter. Snags provide homes for owls, woodpeckers, bats, squirrels, wood ducks, raccoons and many other animals. More than 50 species of birds and mammals use snags for nesting, feeding and shelter.
Down logs. Crews must leave at least two logs, each measuring at least 10 cubic feet, per acre on the ground. Rotting logs are home to hundreds of species, including amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals, not to mention insects that are, in turn, food for other animals.
Location, location, location. Trees and down logs don’t have to be left in each acre. They may be combined into small groves and are often left near streams, lakes

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.194778
Retrieved Text: Central European mountains are covered predominantly by forests. Norway spruce is the most frequently-occurring species and the most affected one. Windstorms and subsequent insect outbreaks are two main disturbances which influence the structure, composition, species richness, and land cover changes in general.
The Šumava National Park (NP) is the biggest one in Czechia. It is situated in the southwestern part of Czechia. The landscape of the central part of Šumava consists of a mosaic of flat forested ridges and a mountain plateau with peat bogs and meadows. Together with Bavarian Forest NP in Germany, they form one of the largest protected forested areas in Central Europe. During the communism (1948 – 1989) Czech part was protected by a military regime and area was protected from human intervention. After the collapse of communism, the NP was founded in 1991 on 680 km2.
Windstorm Kyrill affected the area in January 2007. The event started dynamic land cover changes between the years of 2006 and 2012. Scientists used detailed airborne data to analyze and quantify the land cover changes.
In the beginning, the Kyrill windstorm had a relatively small impact — windfalls increased by 4.73 km2 (0.69% of the Šumava NP) in 2007. But during the whole period, the coniferous forest decreased its proportion from 56.55% to 48.27% (between 2006 and 2012). This is a dominant process throughout the period. What happened? A new dead-standing forest originated from 2008 in the neighborhood of windfalls from the Kyrill windstorm. Between 2008 and 2009, coniferous forest lost 12.43 km2, and 10.03 km2 of the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.132635
Retrieved Text: Siem Reap authorities and migrants are negotiating for the release of two villagers who were arrested on Monday, after nearly 300 people yesterday protested the recent demolition of their shelters, which were illegally built at the foot of the province’s Phnom Kulen National Park.
The villagers, some of them wielding knives and bottles, blocked the entrance of the road leading to the protected area at Banteay Srey district’s Tbeng commune and demanded the release of the two detained men, named Tang La and Chhun Nath, according to Siem Reap’s Forest Administration Department chief Tea Kim Soth.
From Sunday to Monday, police and forestry officials razed 200 huts illegally built by the villagers at the mountain, saying they are prohibited to take shelter in the conservation area.
The villagers, Kim Soth added, have also been logging the protected forest.
The Siem Reap Provincial Court has issued a warrant for the arrest of four “ringleaders” who allegedly persuaded the migrants to leave their respective provinces and log at Phnom Kulen. Police continue to search for the men.
Siem Reap officials have promised to set the two detained men free pending some agreed-upon conditions.
“The residents must stop grabbing the state’s forest and land along the foot of Kulen mountain and after this, the villagers will be free,” Banteay Srey District Governor So Sok said.
By yesterday night, however, Tbeng commune chief Doung Derm said that the men have yet to be released.
“The authorities told us that they will release them . . . but they are not yet free,” Derm said.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.123722
Retrieved Text: Deep within the forest there lives the tallest of all trees. They stretch their thick branches full of leaves up into the blue skies and give us oxygen to breathe. Their trunks are very wide and many of these beautiful giants have been in the fore st for hundreds of years.
These mighty trees are known as Mafomeira (known as Lapuna in Spanish) and there are many stories that claim the Mafomeira possess a spirit that protects the forest. One such story was told by an old man whose name was Adao.
Adao and his friends were happy in the forest. They loved their simple cabin and they enjoyed their labours. They only ever cut down one Mafomeira tree each month and they always made sure to plant the baby samplings in order to show respect for the forest. But then, almost without Adao noticing, things started to change.
‘We could earn ourselves a great deal of money if we cut down more trees,’ said the other.
Adao was very distressed to hear his friends talking in such a way because he respected the forest and did not want to cut down more trees than were needed. But his friends were not to be dissuaded and so they collected their savings and bought a big tractor and more cutting equipment.
They set out into the forest with their new equipment and began cutting down tree after tree. The mighty trunks fell to the ground one after another and as the forest filled with the crashing and tearing sound of the Lupuna

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.990904
Retrieved Text: In pre-settlement times, native peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast harvested trees to build canoes, to make planks for plankhouses, or to create works of art for ceremonies. They harvested planks from live standing trees, mainly straight grain trees, such as western red cedar and redwood. The bark of cascara sagrada and many other species of trees was harvested for medicine and food or to create baskets for berry picking. To harvest the bark and plants, Indians used tools made from stone, wood, antlers, and shells.
Between 1855 and 1875, Oregon Indians were removed to reservations, and the Indian agents and reservation schools began training them in Western-style agriculture. Life on the reservations was harsh, with few jobs available, and native laborers were paid half the wage that whites received for the same jobs. To make money throughout the year, natives from the reservations at Grand Ronde, Siletz, Warm Springs, and Klamath traveled to the Willamette Valley and other Oregon agricultural districts to work the harvests. Many families worked as groups to harvest hops, berries, and beans through the summer months while living at tribal encampments.
By the late nineteenth century, native men had become principal workers in the logging industry. Many men left their reservations for months or years at a time to work in the woods. They traveled to wherever logging was paying well, from Alaska to California, and many became the lead loggers in their outfits. While their families remained on the reservation, these workers lived in logging camps and sent money home to help

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.557545
Retrieved Text: Camp F-12 (Custer), sometimes called Vestal Springs, was located a bout 8 miles northwest of Custer--north on U.S. 385 to 284, west to 292, north to the middle fork of French Creek.
The camp was opened June 13, 1933, dedicated June 25, 1933 (1934); closed sometime in 1941. At this writing the two log cabins used for officers' and rangers' quarters are still standing on private land.
The work consisted mainly of thinning tree stands, fence building, repairing roads, work at the ranger station, and rebuilding telephone lines. There were several small forest fires to add a little variety to the work (1934).
Two side or "fly" camps were maintained away from the main camp throughout the summer and fall of 1933. One was located in the Cyclone district about 11 miles southwest of Camp Custer. The work consisted largely of clearing downed timber to make room for a road and a telephone line. Men at this camp were part of a detail from camps Custer, Mayo, and Haselrodt that operated a sawmill cutting lumber for the construction of those three camps. This camp returned to the main camp on December 21 (1934).
The other side camp was located in the Medicine Mountain district. The summer was spent rebuilding old roads, making new ones, and rebuilding telephone lines. Much of the new road building was done to make that area more accessible in case of fire (1934).
A side camp, named Camp Baxter in honor of Supt. Baxter, was established some distance from the main camp 1934, enabling the work to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.491325
Retrieved Text: Is Part Of is exactly "Hemsworth, Ron collection. Subsection B"
Eleven men in three rows, kneeling, sitting and standing in front of a goal. Behind are their huts.
A wreath from the Luftwaffe on the grave of Sergeant J C Shaw. It contains the words 'Die Deutsche Luftwaffe'.
A group of airmen at the internment of Sergeant J C Shaw. Two, on the left are saluting. Other airmen are holding wreaths for the grave. Light snow on the ground and trees bare of leaves in the background.
Four airmen stand at the grave of Sergeant J C Shaw. On the right German soldiers fire their rifles in salute.
A German officer and two airmen in greatcoats saluting at the internment of Sergeant J C Shaw. Other airmen are holding wreaths to be laid on the grave. In the background the graveyard is lightly covered in snow, with the trees bare of leaves.
The grave of Sergeant J C Shaw covered in wreaths. In the background are more graves and bare trees.
The coffin of Sergeant J C Shaw is laid to rest by his fellow airmen. A group of German soldiers with rifles stands guard. The trees are bare of leaves.
A German officer leads the hearse containing the body of Sergeant J C Shaw. Behind the hearse are rows of British airmen wearing greatcoats. In the background is the graveyard and trees.
Group of airmen in greatcoats standing to attention at the funeral of Sergeant J C Shaw. They are arranged in three rows. Behind are woods and the graveyard.
Horse drawn hearse with the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.41573
Retrieved Text: This week, a small party of sightseers in the Tay Tra district of Quang Ngai province in central Vietnam, were travelling through a remote forest when they unexpectedly discovered 42-year-old Ho Van Lang and his 82-year-old father, Ho Van Thanh, wearing loincloths made of bark with homemade wooden axes in hand, trekking through the woods searching for firewood. Looking like real-life versions of Tarzan, the group were concerned for the two men’s’ safety. Authorities were contacted and a team put together to track and find the wild men. After the two men were found and brought back to a nearby village, authorities were stunned to find that the pair had been living in the wild, with no contact with the outside world, for over 40 years. The father and son had fled their village in 1973 – during the Vietnam War.
The two men had been living in a treehouse suspended 50 feet in the air. They had built their own wooden tools and weapons, including knives and a stash of arrows for hunting, and had been surviving on corn that they had grown, supplemented with wild fruits and roots foraged from jungle plants. Inside the treehouse they found the father’s soldier’s trousers neatly folded in a corner. Beside them was a little red coat that the son had been wearing when they fled Vietnam when he was just 2 years old.
The last time anybody saw Ho Van Thanh, he was running into the forest with his then-infant son Ho Van Lang in 1973, after a bomb

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.329542
Retrieved Text: Image of a group of men watching a police man looking inside the trunk of a car.
Image of man and woman standing at entrance of the St. Clair branch of the Royal Bank of Canada; police man standing inside with hands on his hips.
Image of woman standing behind bank teller table with objects in her hands and two other women standing besides her.
Image of man wearing glasses writing. Sign beside him says' Money Orders.' One woman sitting on his right and others behind him.
Image of smiling woman wearing dress and holding purse; man wearing glasses and woman facing away from camera behind her in background.
Image of police man standing beside metron Toronto police car. Suitcase in middle of road in front of streetcar is seen in background.
Image of woman with arms crossed looking away from camera; another woman standing in background.
Image of two men and woman covering her face with Reader's Digest book exiting the Berkeley House.
Image of police man speaking to woman wearing white dress; another woman is beside her; man sitting at desk can be seen in background.
Image of man wearing hat with newspaper tucked under his arm and two persons in front of him writing on notepads; two men in the background are seen behind him.
Image of metro police car closeup parked outside of Federal Savings building beside Coiffure Walter beauty salon.
Image of two men crouching down and two men standing in middle of road while police man and other men look on. Crowds of people on sidewalk can be seen in background.
Image

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.297852
Retrieved Text: When is the Next Gathering?
Mainely Men 75 will be May 3-5, 2019.
You are welcome to arrive on Friday any time after 3pm. Departure is around 1pm after closing circle and lunch on the last day of the conference.
Musical Instruments if you’d like to do some jamming.
Who Attends Mainely Men Gatherings and Where Do They Come From?
Starting in 1982 with 30 men, the average number of attendees is about 50 men. Ages have ranged from 18 to the mid-80’s.
We are sons, fathers, single, married, divorced, straight, bisexual, gay, and men of different racial, ethnic and religious backgrounds.
Men come not only from New England but also throughout the United States, some as far away as California. As one of the oldest, long-standing men’s retreats, we have men join us from New York, Canada, the southeast and southwest.
We range from accountants to carpenters, from florists to administrators, from professionals to students.
There are 13 cabins to the north side along Lake Cobbosseecontee attached by a boardwalk. There are four more cabins on the south side. Each cabin is equipped with a wood stove and an average of eight bunks.
Cabins have toilets, sinks, and showers with hot water.
Yes, smoking is in the designated smoking area close to the main lodge. No smoking is permitted on the boardwalk or cabins.
Are There Provisions for the Handicapped?
Cabins all have ramps for easy access. However, please contact the Registrar when making your reservation and let him know of your needs. As a rule, we prefer you use one of the cabins that has been especially

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.245924
Retrieved Text: Jiménez, E.M., Moreno, F.H., Peñuel, M.C., Patiño, S., and Lloyd, J. (2009) Fine root dynamics for forests on contrasting soils in the Colombian Amazon. Biogeosciences, 6 (12). pp. 2809-2827.
It has been hypothesized that as soil fertility increases, the amount of carbon allocated to below-ground production (fine roots) should decrease. To evaluate this hypothesis, we measured the standing crop fine root mass and the production of fine roots (<2 mm) by two methods: (1) ingrowth cores and, (2) sequential soil coring, during 2.2 years in two lowland forests growing on different soils types in the Colombian Amazon. Differences of soil resources were defined by the type and physical and chemical properties of soil: a forest on clay loam soil (Endostagnic Plinthosol) at the Amacayacu National Natural Park and, the other on white sand (Ortseinc Podzol) at the Zafire Biological Station, located in the Forest Reservation of the Calderón River. We found that the standing crop fine root mass and the production was significantly different between soil depths (0–10 and 10–20 cm) and also between forests. The loamy sand forest allocated more carbon to fine roots than the clay loam forest with the production in loamy sand forest twice (mean±standard error=2.98±0.36 and 3.33±0.69 Mg C ha−1 yr−1, method 1 and 2, respectively) as much as for the more fertile loamy soil forest (1.51±0.14, method 1, and from 1.03±0.31 to 1.36±0.23 Mg C ha−1 yr−1, method 2). Similarly, the average of standing crop fine root mass was higher in the white-sands forest (10.94±0.33 Mg C ha−1) as compared to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.201136
Retrieved Text: More than 40 hectares of protected forest in Rattanakiri’s O’Yadav district was razed by a Vietnamese company over the course of six days before they were stopped yesterday by villagers and investigators from rights group Adhoc, a local official said.
Sav Hlin, a village chief in the district, said he had received news from villagers that the company – known to them as Company 72 – had been working in the area.
“After I found out they were clearing the forest, we went straight there to stop the vehicles immediately,” said Hlin, who added that more than 40 hectares of the forest land had been cleared by the time he got there with a group of villagers and two Adhoc investigators.
The forest lies adjacent to a 6,000 hectare economic land concession awarded to Men Sarun Company for a rubber plantation, said Adhoc senior investigator Pen Bonnar.
Company 72 had been sub-contracted by Men Sarun Company to clear the land and prepare it for planting.
Phan Phoeun, deputy chief of the provincial Forestry Administration, confirmed that the forest had been cut out from the ELC and set aside for the community.
This is not the first time Company 72 has been in the news for clearing protected forest. The company was summonsed by the Ratanakkiri Provincial Court to face accusations of illegal logging in February.
But their latest actions have led to additional destruction of the forest by villagers, who are also taking their axes to the trees in the belief that if they did not cut them down for their own use,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.169691
Retrieved Text: Image of a uniformed person obscured by dense grasses.
Image of a man in uniform standing in a field in grasses almost up to his waist. There is a group of people, including another uniformed man, watching him from the side of the field. In the distance are several low buildings among dense greenery.
Image of of a girl standing in the road carrying a large bundle on her head. There is a large group of people walking past her on the road. There is a small guard tower visible in the field adjacent to the road.
Image of a group of people walking down a road. They are mostly young men and boys. One of them is riding on a bicycle. There is a woman with an umbrella. Behind them are several large vehicles and a man in uniform.
Image of a large group of people and uniformed men walking down a road. One of the uniformed men is on a motorbike. There are several large vehicles on the road.
Image of two uniformed men on a bicycle riding down a road. One of them is steering while the other sits on the back wheel holding onto a long-barrelled gun. Past them is a low wall with a small guard tower at one end. Behind the wall are several low buildings. Several other people are walking on the road further down, and in the distance can be seen large vehicles.
Image of several uniformed men standing by a military vehicle parked on a road. There is a truck past them on

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.1236
Retrieved Text: RAW Forest Foods is home to the highest quality, highest integrity Pine Pollen. It’s what we do—and what we’ve always done. Discover our Mountain Harvest Pine Pollen, where we leverage our long-standing expertise and relationships with our harvesters to bring you this complete line of Pine Pollen—Mountain Harvest Pine Pollen.
This is NOT a Band-aid solution. For those customers seeking endocrine balance and detoxification, Peak Performance Estrogen Detox is formulated to offer safe, effective, and comprehensive detoxification for men and for women.
We create clinical, masterful grade tinctures that reflect our customers—pure, potent, and of the highest integrity. From the selection of ingredients, to advanced methods of extractions, to professionally developed formulas, there’s a good reason why we’re routinely told that our tinctures are the best. Because they are.
What started as offering customers a potent, single Nettle Root Extract has given birth to our full collection of Våren Forest Nettle Root. See our original Nettle Root Powdered Extract, isolated ß-Sitosterol and Swedish Flower Pollen Capsules, and Pine Pollen and Nettle Root powdered extract and tinctures.
There’s a lot of information packed into our site. We’re aware. Our Product Collections seek to refine all that information and unite you with just those products you’re interested in. These are hand-selected, curated collections of products picked specifically to answer some of our most often asked questions.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.104572
Retrieved Text: Read the full feature in The Atlantic here.
We’re not used to seeing the well-to-do as victims of natural catastrophes, as if they and their neighborhoods should be exempt by virtue of their economic power—as if life inside a well-constructed, gated compound guarantees security. But in this era of manmade climate change—as California’s rapid development collides with drought, fires, torrential rains—that illusion no longer holds. These disasters affect everyone eventually. Yet it’s when we try to recover from them that our class differences become starkest.
The second multimedia slideshow from our Guna (or Kuna) Yala files: We follow Andrés de León and the Yarsuisuit collective, a group of men who grow and harvest food sustainably in the Guna mainland forest. Thanks in part to their exceptional sovereignty and land tenure, the Guna have preserved their primary forests for hundreds of years through their cooperative use of the land and their cultural and spiritual traditions rooted in conservation. This series was made possible by a grant from Mongabay.com.
One more from our Guna (or Kuna) Yala files: This is the first of our three-part multimedia series about an indigenous community in Panama, its forest, and the impacts of climate change. This series was made possible by a grant from Mongabay.com.
Over 12 million hectares of forests are lost every year worldwide due to deforestation releasing carbon into the atmosphere. Paying forest-dwellers to keep trees standing is REDD+’s important mandate, but one that doesn't sit well with many indigenous peoples, including the Kuna.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.053457
Retrieved Text: in subjects: "Sports and Recreation - Games"
Description: Photograph of unidentified men playing card games and talking to one another. They sit around a table.
Description: Photograph of two men playing checkers. There are file cabinets in the background. The photographer noted the name Dan Moody on the sleeve of the negative.
Description: Information sheet on what are signs of a gambling problem and resources to help.
Description: Photograph of a group of children playing a game. They are in a large circle, holding hands, with two adult instructors.
Description: Photograph of three older couples playing dominoes. Caption on the back reads: "Adult Friendship Club the Hancock Recreation Center each Tuesday night."
Description: Photograph of three men playing pool. Caption on back reads: "Old Fiddlers, Adult Friendship Club, Hancock."
Description: Copy negative of a group of five men wearing hats, sitting on the grass outside playing cards with trees in the background.
Description: Photograph of six children playing "pop-the-whip", outdoors. The children are moving while holding hands. Front of photograph: "#12 Children playing pop-the-whip approximately 1915, Orange, Texas."
Description: Color postcard depicting two boys sitting on the ground playing marbles. They both wear caps on their heads. Correspondence on the back reads, "With love and best wishes Ada B. Reed" It is addressed to Miss Rosa Dill, Oklahoma, 206 E. 5th St.
Description: Photograph of a young couple kissing in center of a circle of people as part of a game at a sorghum molasses stir-off. Two young boys seated on the ground near the couple watch in awe. The envelope containing the negative is annotated

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.034128
Retrieved Text: NORTH MASSAPEQUA, Long Island -- Police said they arrested two Long Island men after they were found in a car preparing to inject heroin, as the young sons of one of the men stood nearby.
Officers responded to a report of kids throwing rocks at cars in a parking lot on North Broadway in North Massapequa. At the location, they found two boys, 6 and 8, standing near a parked van.
According to the Nassau County Police Department, the children's father, Daniel Bosco, 40, of North Massapequa, was sitting in the front passenger seat of a parked van with the door open and Daniel Barberis, 40, also of North Massapequa, was standing in front of him. Police said Barberis was preparing to inject Bosco with heroin.
The officers arrested both men and the children were taken to a family member. No injuries were reported.
Bosco faces several charges, including criminal possession of a controlled substance and endangering the welfare of a child. Barberis is charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance.
They are expected to be arraigned Sept. 29.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.991426
Retrieved Text: Survey group checking location and calibrating instruments at the start of a transect survey.
The results of our initial survey, last November, of DELWP’s Tames Rd planned-burn were alarming! So much so that we decided to survey a different part of the planned-burn in order to increase the area surveyed, the number of trees measured and improve the robustness of the survey overall. Two additional 50 m-wide transects (total 1000 m long) were surveyed on Dec. 6th last year, bearing west off Dry Creek Rd; Transects 3 and 4 on the map below.
Annotated map of DELWP’s assessment of the impact of the planned-burn on the forest. Click to enlarge.
Burnt, or not burnt by the planned-burn. This category included all trees that showed signs of being burnt by the planned-burn. If any part of a tree was at all visibly burnt by the burn is was categorized as ‘burnt’.
Living, or dead at time of burn. It was important to determine the impact of the planned-burn on forest stags (dead, standing trees), so all dead trees (standing and fallen) were inspected to determine whether they were dead or alive before the burn and whether the burn felled them, or whether they had fallen before the burn. Where doubt arose, burnt, fallen trees were excluded from the survey.
Killed, or not killed by burn. If a tree showed signs of life (green leaves) it was regarded as ‘living’, even if it’s health appeared compromised by being fire affected.
These categories allowed us to assess the impact of the planned-burn on both living

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.991295
Retrieved Text: This story was first published on Oct. 21, 2007. It was updated on Sept. 3, 2009.
The wild fire that threatened Los Angeles this past week is not a typical fire: it's what is being called a "megafire," and scientists now say we should brace ourselves for more and more of these fires in the coming years.
In truth, we have never seen anything like them before - forest infernos ten times bigger than the fires we're used to seeing. Two years ago, during one of the worst fire seasons in recorded history, Scott Pelley went out on the fire line to see why so much of the American West is burning.
The men and women facing the flames are elite federal firefighters called "Hotshots."
Nationwide there are 92 hotshot crews of 20 members each. 60 Minutes found a group of New Mexico hotshots in the Salmon River Mountains of Idaho. They had set up camp in a burned-out patch of forest with fire raging all around. They were hitting the day, exhausted, halfway through a 14-day shift.
Leaving camp to scout out the situation, the firefighters anticipated a mess and they found it: the valley was engulfed in smoke. The flames blew through the firebreak lines they dug the day before.
"We were trying to turn the corner yesterday, and that's when it kind of blew out. I think we got more ground over here that's been taken. Any questions?" a firefighter said.
No question, this day the fire won. It surged across the mountain, forcing the hotshots to evacuate. All across

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.972853
Retrieved Text: Without biodiversity, there’s no future for humanity.
Sit in a shady spot in the Asháninka partnership, and it’s not as peaceful as you’d imagine.
The canopy brims with a cacophony of whistles, clicks and songs.
This orchestra is thanks to thousands of birds, bugs and frogs and the incredible abundance of rainforest life.
It’s difficult to imagine Earth without the millions of species that make up our ecosystems, but mass extinction of wildlife is a very real threat.
The rate at which the climate is changing is outpacing the speed at which species are able to adapt and evolve1. We are at risk of losing species before they have even been discovered. We are, it’s believed, losing around 135 plant, animal and insect species every day, that’s 50,000 species a year, due to deforestation7.
That’s not just bad news for biodiversity. It’s terrible news for us. The world’s agricultural systems are maintained by a web of wild pollinators and are at risk of collapse if the balance is tipped any further2.
Moreover, having a diverse range of large mammals in rainforest has been proven to increase the amount of carbon stored in the trees and canopy. Over half of the world’s mammals have been lost in the past 50 years4. The time to act is now. If the bears are doing their bit to battle climate change, we should be playing our part too.
To maintain tropical forest biodiversity, keeping natural rainforest standing strong within landscapes should be the first priority5. It’s not just mass deforestation having an impact. Freshwater fish diversity is being

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.88644
Retrieved Text: Designed as a forest retreat, the paramount concern was to retain the sites’ cherry and pine trees and to minimise the impact on the environment. The result is a home of many pavilions weaving its way among the forest.
Timber is used extensively in floors, ceilings, casements and furnishings so as to bring the feel of the forest in to the rooms.
The house site is situated in the midst of abundant cherry and pine trees, standing at natural well-balanced intervals with trunks reaching towards the sky with bountiful leaves. The figures of the trees are beautiful. They are the legitimate habitants of the forest.
Sensitive dialogue with the site is requisite to building a house that lies in coexistence with nature. Our building plan was drafted according to this idea.
The area gets up to two metres of snow every winter which results in high summer humidity. Living areas are on the second level to maximise ventilation while also reducing the effect of moisture and heat rising from the ground.
What do you think? Has the design fulfilled the requirement?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.87876
Retrieved Text: The Black Swallow Army was an elite and formidable army, secretly trained by Fan Yuqi. In terms of the resources given to them and the quality of the soldiers, they were just slightly weaker than the Blood Swallow Army, which was an army under the direct command of Yan Dan. On an average, the soldiers in Black Swallow Army had the cultivation base of fifty years in Houtian realm. For each team of five soldiers, their leader would be a peak-stage Houtian warrior, while the team of ten and one hundred soldiers would be led by Daoists of Xiantian realm.
They were very strong soldiers, yet many of them were wounded or killed in the forest by the small troop of scouts from Qin army.
The soldiers from Qin army were all clad in lightweight armor, allowing them to dash and race through the forest like monkeys, poking their heads here and there like ghosts. Nimbly, they drifted here and there in the forest, and would shoot out deadly arrows every now and then. On the other side, the Black Swallow Army, who was clad in heavy armor, was more suitable to fight a head-to-head battle. They could not catch up with the speed of those Qin scouts, and were taking a serious beating from their enemies. Whenever the twanging of bowstring rang out, there would always be one to two Black Swallow soldiers falling dead.
Nevertheless, there would be some Qin scouts that occasionally got trapped by Black Swallow soldiers. When that happened, the Black Swallow soldiers would

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.791119
Retrieved Text: Who Is God of Furniture?
Do an image-search for Green Man Chair. Go ahead. You'll be amazed at what you find.
There must be hundreds of thousands—if not millions—of Green Man chairs out there. I've got a couple down in the dining-room myself.
And that's just the chairs.
We tend to think of the Green Man as a being carved in stone, but that's mere coincidence of survival. Stone outlasts wood.
Artists have been carving (and painting) Green Men for some 2000 years now but, starting in the Middle Ages, Green Men (aptly enough) began to sprout everywhere.
What could be more appropriate than that the image and likeness of the God of Plants should be rendered in wood: the symbol and the reality in one. To sit in the Green Man's Chair is to be embraced by the Lord of Vegetation.
There's a Dark Stranger standing in the living room.
He who, yesterday, stood between Earth and Heaven, now stands between ceiling and floor.
The son of the forest now comes indoors.
His fragrance fills the house.
Soon we will bestow him with lights, and all the royal heirlooms of the feast: every one a prayer.
But for now he stands in shadow, and naked beauty.
Called by the drums, we gather to the fire.
It is the chant of calling. Biome by biome we call, back and forth: wetlands, prairies, tundra, orchards, gardens, fields, vineyards.
One from each quarter, the Green Men burst into our midst from behind, hooting. They rush in to the fire and turn, eyes bright.
Four there are: green, naked, rustling with leaves at head and

================



======= Instance Index 1242 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A group of runners are gathered in the woods. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: run and jump over logs onto an inflated raft.

Ending 2: are preparing to run a race.

Ending 3: are riding rafts in a river.

Ending 4: run across a beaten trail behind a boat and on a large boat.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.935072
Retrieved Text: Island School Celebrates Summer on Cape Cod!
This past weekend, Island School alumni, friends, and family gathered in Cape Cod to celebrate summer. On Sunday morning, Maxey roused the troops and got a group of Island School staff to participate in the Falmouth Sprint Triathlon. Chris and Pam Maxey, Christian Henry, and Karla Cosgriff braved the cold New England waters for a .3 mile swim, biked 9.6 miles along the coast, and ran 3.2 miles to the finish line. Congratulations to everyone!
Following this morning exercise, a large group gathered at Woods Hole's Marine Biological Laboratory for a tour of their facilities. Alumni, future students, families, and friends all joined together to learn how the research they are doing at MBL is related to the work we do on Cape Eleuthera. Thank you to Dan, our tour guide, for showing us all the amazing things going on at Woods Hole!
The day ended with an amazing cocktail party hosted at the Gibson's home in Woods Hole. The Island School's trip to Cape Cod was a great success and we hope to make the Island School's summer day on the Cape an annual tradition. Maxey is encouraging everyone to start training for next year's triathlon now!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.771702
Retrieved Text: Will Hauger get the all-time record?
Will Maria Hauger take down Wetsch’s all-time record (13:54.7)?
Be advised: Wind speeds will be 20-25mph winds from the SSW. She will not break 14:00 IMO with that wind speed.
Fxd At least in MSHSL races anyways. Post-season is a different beast.
Is having at least an 8 second lead at the mile just running for the win?
I’m not saying she will lose the race, but I think this will be the perfect weather for Hauger to potentially lose. If she goes out by herself, she will be facing the wind all by herself and if that next group of 3-6 runners worked together as a group, they could feasibly catch and pass her in that last 1/2 mile.
Question: Is it smarter for Hauger to stick with the top 3 or so runners through the first mile and a half and make her move entering the woods or would having Hauger close to the group entering the woods be a confidence booster for those couple runners like Piepenburg/Anderson/Monson/Larson? 20+mph winds are devastating and will be a major factor in the races tomorrow.
You are correct – I read your original response wrong.
I’ve personally only seen Hauger lose once in the past year. Hamline Elite meet. Didn’t Piepenburg stay with her that race?
1600 at state, she lost to Monson.
I think she’ll go for it and get it.
Both the 1600 and 3200 completely slipped my mind…mostly because I wasn’t there personally. I was at Hamline though.
If Hauger is able to break the record, I really do think

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.591213
Retrieved Text: 2015 was third year for this event that takes place in my hometown of Bel Air, MD- "Hike for Bear." Traditionally, this event features a family hike but new for this year, they created a 5k trail race that took place about an hour and a half before the race.
The race started and we made a big loop through a large field and then headed into the woods. It was so beautiful and so peaceful just running through the trees and along the stream. Because there were so few of us, I quickly fell behind the majority of the runners and felt like I was pretty alone on the course.
I was just trotting along, enjoying the day, when the trail started to get really narrow. Then I came to a point where a small tree had fallen on the trail and I wasn't sure if I was supposed to keep going or if I'd missed a turn somewhere along the way. Because I was in the back of the pack, I couldn't see anyone in front of me. So I stood there, thinking about what to do next, when some other runners came up behind me. They didn't think we were supposed to follow the trail over the tree- there weren't any footprints in the mud past the tree to indicate that other runners had come through that way.
So as a group, we decided to head back the way we came and try to figure out where we made a wrong turn. There were seven of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.37816
Retrieved Text: Seeded Boys: As anyone who has run the 5K at the famed Van Cortlandt Park knows, the first mile is almost all flat. The seeded boys race took full advantage of the flats as Brian Rhodes-Devy and Sintayehu Taye led the early stages of the 1200m flat before heading into the woods for the mile mark. Although they were leading, Rhodes-Devy and Taye were in no way in control of the race as a huge group of favorites came through the mile in a very conservative 4:50. Included in this group was Maryland (and Pwn3rs TC�s) very own Matt Centrowitz. As they headed across the bridge there were still no clear leaders with a large group of about 20 runners all clumped together. At the bridge, MoCo�s Nick Bax (Pwn3rs TC) was sitting comfortably in around 30th place. In the back hills, the race started to heat up as a group of Craig Forys, Taye, Rhodes-Devy, Gruenwald, Centrowitz, Murdock and a couple others separated themselves from the rest of the runners. As they rolled through two miles in about 10:10 there were only 13 runners remaining up front. Over the last hill, Forys started his attack and built up a 20-25m lead on Rhodes-Devy, Gruenwald, Taye, Centrowitz and Murdock. It looked like Forys would run away with the victory until Centrowitz and Taye made a move of their own on the last downhill approaching the long and grueling 800m straightaway. Centrowitz maintained his momentum coming off the hill and built himself a 10m lead on Forys

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.152729
Retrieved Text: Labor Day, Sept. 2, 2019. Arrive 7:30am for an 8:30 start.
The Lost Forester is an intense 8-10 mile adventure run through wild off-trail terrain.
The Pine Valley 5.5k and 11k trail runs are scenic trail runs through the Pine Valley Recreational Area.
Your participation supports Blue House Uganda, a Minnesota nonprofit for orphans and vulnerable girls in rural Uganda. These races help girls and young women grow in a safe, caring environment, and receive an education. The Blue House offers them opportunities to become independent adults, with a chance to beat the poverty they were born into.
It is a 8-10 mile trail and off-trail race up and down the steepest hills, through swamps, creeks, and dense woods.
The route is an off-trail ribbon line until the runners find the Lost Forester, who will provide a map and directions to return to the finish. The runners will choose their own way back to the finish. Runners will be self-supporting the whole distance: bring your own water, gels, and compass. For safety a compass is required for all participants. Long sleeve shirts, pants, and sturdy shoes are highly recommended.
Be safe. Don’t do anything stupid. Hazards include: a) Poor footing and falls – sprained ankles are possible. b) Brush scratches to skin and eye – sun glasses and long clothing help prevent them. c) Ticks carrying disease – check your body and clothing for ticks after the race, take a shower/bath and wash and dry clothes the same day.
The fastest time minus deductions with a full set of check plot cards and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.961578
Retrieved Text: Below is the team clean prior to starting the first of the series of 3 cross country runs hosted by Norwich Road Runners, through Horsford Woods. To see how they ended up see Home page.
We had excellent results for this first race, with all the Reepham Runners being in the first six of each of their age categories - training must be really paying off - Vikki's and Dave's training is getting tougher!
If you fancy taking part in the final two cross country runs of the Norwich Road Runners Series they are taking part 7 December and 8 February.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.770643
Retrieved Text: First across the finish line is former MHS track star Steven Borguet.
The first female runner crosses the finish line.
A glorious day dawned on Sept. 16, warm and sunny, the perfect weather for a 5K race in the little hamlet of Manhasset. As families gathered to pick up their numbers and put on freshly minted T-shirts with Don Scott emblazoned on the front of the shirt identifying runners who came to support the Don Scott Foundation eight annual run fight against colon cancer.
Don Scott was a biology teacher, track coach, and a beloved leader at Manhasset High School for 42 years. On Nov. 4, 2010, he lost his three month battle with colon cancer. The Don Scott Memorial Foundation was founded to make a difference in the fight against colon cancer. The foundation is dedicated to reducing colon cancer instances throughout the community through increasing awareness and advocating preventative measures. The foundation also supports a student scholarship at Manhasset High School.
Charlie Cardillo, the retired superintendent of Manhasset schools was on hand with his wife Debbie to run in the race. The Cardillos had been living in Manhasset after a devastating fire destroyed their house in Happauge. They had been rebuilding their residence and now have finally been able to move back in much to their delight. Several alumni and the track team were entered to run the race.
The Fitzsimmons family was on hand representing three generations. Michael Fitzsimmons, age 54, ran Manhasset track on behalf of his former coach Don Scott, returned with sons Teddy, age 16,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.731499
Retrieved Text: Setting off from in front of the imposing Merthyr Mawr House, the Rabbit Run heads initially up the hill through fields, before a small section along a local road, before again joining the estate lands. Its not long before the route heads into the woods, and the runners experience the darkened paths of woody glades as the path wends its way through the forested section of the course. The runners then emerge from the fun of the woods, the fallen trees and the muddy paths for a very brief respite of a stony track.
The race now heads into the dunes, and runners get to experience the fun of sand under their feet go through deep sandy channels, see the sea in the distance from the top, then tumble down the Big Dipper!
The run heads off again through the private estate paths along the banks of the Ogmore River and emerges to the south of the lovely picturesque Merthyr Mawr village. This a good spot for spectators to wander down from the start to cheer on the runners before they head off over the Ewenny River.
The run now takes you over the footbridge and along the river bank to the confluence of the Ewenny and Ogmore Rivers. You head back along the Ewenny River bank – past Ewenny Castle and the stepping stones (great place to watch as the runners head towards home). The run follows the Ogmore River northwards – through the fields before the river crossing. This time there is no bridge to help the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.653215
Retrieved Text: By admin | November 9, 2010.
This year saw a total of 13,000 participants take part in the Dublin City Marathon, which ultimately became a day of record breaking, with new completion times and a massive turnout.
Competitors, fun runners, people running for charity or just the challenge all gathered at Fitzwilliam Street for the nine o’clock start to the annual event.
Large crowds had gathered along the start up to O’Connell Street to cheer on the runners as they began their 26.2 mile journey.
The sun was out and rain stayed away as the cold morning soon warmed up, leaving perfect running conditions, even if spectators were left jogging on the spot to keep warm.
The early leaders had to battle the wind as well crossing paths with a herd of deer that ran onto the course, as the competitors made their way through the Phoenix Park.
Moses Kibet of Kenya won the men’s race setting a new course record time of 2 hours, 8 minutes and 56 seconds.
“At halfway, I knew, I felt good. There was still a small group there, but I was just behind them, in control,” Kibet said after the race.
“But I wanted to wait as long as I could, to make sure. And when I made the break then I knew I would win,” he added.
The women’s race was also won in a record of 2 hours, 26 minutes and 12 seconds by Tatiana Aryasova from Russia.
Both Kibet and Aryasova earned a course-record bonus of €5,000 to go with their winner’s prize of €15,000.
The Irish winners

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.636726
Retrieved Text: As the sun rose over the hills of the 7 sisters in Selden on Sunday morning August 11th, dozens of runners started to gather in the parking lot of the now closed Selden Thrift. They were about to embark on an adventure that would break new ground on our 10K training course. A chat about possibly doing 3 loops of the course consecutively several weeks ago was now becoming a reality!
Several people stepped forward and volunteered to bring water,Gatorade,ice, fruit and other refreshments to help the runners in their quest. An aid station was set up at the halfway point on Rosemont as well as at the start/finish. Many had said they would come to witness the event and support those attempting the “triple” by running a loop or two themselves.
At 7AM the first group headed out led by Todd Rowley, Wil Widman, K.c. Brett and several others. The air temp was in the mid 60’s with no humidity. Perfect running weather!! By 7:30 many other runners started to arrive and begin stretching for the 8AM loop. As they did Wil and Todd came flying through, completing their first 10K in typical speedy fashion! As we cheered them on as they continued their quest about 40 other runners toed the starting line by the light post that is the official start and end point. There were many smiles and hugs as fellow “hillbillys” ,as we affectionately refer to each other, got reacquainted who had not seen each other for a while. I gave the word and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.334927
Retrieved Text: We´re excited to present the 14th Annual Thrill In The Hills at Fort Yargo State Park Trail Running Race.
It's Official... Registration for the Georgia Thrill In The Hills 5Mi/21K/50K (Solo OR Relay) Trail Running Race Opens September 1st, 2019!
We will have a cap on this race of 650 Participants (50K 150 Participants / 21K 350 Participants / 5Mi 150 Participants)! We are placing a cap on this event for 2 reasons... 1 parking availability, 2 getting that amount of runners into the woods. We will be doing a wave start again this year for the 50K (Solo OR Relay) 7:30 a.m. ⁄ 21K 8:00 a.m. / 5 Miler 8:15 a.m. (it worked great this past year and felt like we could increase the cap to the current number we have listed).
50K Runners we will have Registration / Packet Pick-Up for this event from 6:00-7:00 a.m. 7:30 Start!
21K Runners we will have Registration / Packet Pick-Up for this event from 6:00-7:30 a.m. 8:00 Start!
5 Milers we will have Registration / Packet Pick-Up for this event from 6:00-7:30 a.m. 8:15 Start!
*When you enter the park (Entrance "A" Main Entrance) drive straight in past the guard shack. Go to the first stop sign (New Visitors Center - Nature Center Pavillion on Left). Start - Finish - Registration will take place at the Nature Center Pavillion!
For our 2020 events we will be using a Super Soft, Tri Blend Shirt! In doing so we must adhere to the "no guarantee of a shirt with late or race day registration". We will

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.272154
Retrieved Text: In-case you have not yet heard, we have had to make some modifications to the 2016 Harvest Moon Hustle race course.
While the Grandpa’s Woods loop and subsequent covered bridge crossing has served as a scenic, challenging and unique part of Harvest Moon Hustle lure for the past 4 years, it will not be a part of this year’s race course.
ummers this portion of the course is no longer safe for runners. The creek has severely eroded portions of the dam that separates the ponds on the golf course and the creek. Less than 50% of the dam remains in-tact in one portion where runners normally would run over top.
Over the course of the summer we have worked closely with the owners at Grandpa’s Woods to find the safest solution for our runners and ultimately decided it wasn’t worth the risk.
For you veterans of HMH, you will notice we now added a small loop in-town to the front end of the course. Runners will still run to Grandpa’s Woods and their picturesque White Barn. You can view these changes here.
While we hate to see such an iconic piece of the event lost, we say ONWARD!
This marks the 5th year the event has SOLD OUT. This year’s race will be over 1250 runners and took just 4 days to reach our sell out point. We have added additional motivation stations along the course to keep you going right to the finish. Plus, Dickey’s BBQ Pit and Shock Top beer are now official race sponsors helping expand the After

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.143675
Retrieved Text: Sojitz (Thailand) Co., Ltd. sponsored the Ayutthaya KIZUNA Ekiden 2019 held on January 13th, 2019. A total of 40 Sojitz Group employees in Thailand competed as 10 different teams.
The Ayutthaya KIZUNA Ekiden relay race symbolizes the deep bonds of friendship between Japan and Thailand. The Tourism Authority of Thailand began hosting the event starting in 2017, and this year marked the third year of the event with over 2000 runners participating as 500 teams.
On the day of the race, teams of four that included at least one Thai and one Japanese participant gathered to run the approximately 13km course around the ruins of Ayutthaya and Ayutthaya’s Historical Park. The runners successfully passed a sash from one runner to the next, with all teams safely crossing the finish line.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.004007
Retrieved Text: Gurgling rivers and woods adorned with morning dew are precious things in one's life that beckons us to return to nature's lap. Here at Malabar club you can immerse yourself in these pristine offerings of the earth.
Situated just 300 meters from the beautiful CNG high way at Nilambur town, Malabar club presents you with an incredible experience of thick woods and serene air. The Malabar Club which is not too far from the prestigious Connolly plot - the world's oldest teak plantation, is the perfect place to relax and regain your composure.
Friendship is one of the most beautiful things in every one's life. It always takes exciting manifestations which will redefine a person, a group and sometimes the entire society. Two decades ago one such friendship gave birth to a micro gathering here at Nilambur. A group of professionals and business men ignited by the spirits of togetherness gathered at Nilambur the land of ancient teaks to form The Malabar Club.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.922556
Retrieved Text: The Dirleton 10K, 5K and 1k fun run offers a unique opportunity to run, jog or walk through the picturesque Archerfield estate and the historical village of Dirleton. This event is to raise vital funds for the Dirleton Playgroup.
10K (minimum age 12yrs) £20 via online registration and on the day.
1K open to all ages, (under 10's to be accompanied by an adult), £3.00 per child (adults free) - register on the day.
Race times will be posted online after the event.
Numbers will be issued at registration, please ensure you write your emergency contact details on the reverse. The Ambulance Service will be on site should you have any concerns.
Clear route maps will be posted at the registration desks for all routes. Maps will be available at The Walled Garden and available on request from dirletonrun@hotmail.com You will be running on some uneven surfaces for example on the tracks through the woods. Runners should come adequately prepared for uneven, gravel or mud surfaces.
All routes are extensively sign posted and well marshalled. Safety is paramount and we expect runners to follow the advice of marshals at all times especially at points where runners are on public roads.
To ensure runner safety the wearing of earphones is strictly prohibited. Dogs are welcome on a lead.
There will be parking available at Archerfield Walled Garden.
Toilet facilities are in The Walled Garden. The organisers accept no responsibility for loss of clothing or equipment.
All races start and finish at Archerfield Walled Garden, Dirleton, North Berwick EH39 5HQ. Timing devices are issued for this event. Runners

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.908737
Retrieved Text: Our story begins in Adelaide, South Australia in the 1860’s. An English priest, Julian Tenison Woods, shared his vision with a young Australian of Scottish descent, Mary Mackillop.
Both Mary and Julian were concerned about the needs of poor and migrant families, particularly in relation to the education of their children. They gathered a group of women whom Mary as a governess helped to prepare for the work of teaching.
In 1866, Mary and two companions took charge of the Catholic school in Penola, South Australia. She began wearing a simple black dress as a sign of her religious commitment. These first Josephites were to live very simply and be ready to move to wherever the needs arose. By the end of 1869, there were 80 young women looking after 25 schools and homes.
In 1872, four Sisters travelled to Bathurst in New South Wales to begin a new foundation. They began in Perthville, a small village near Bathurst. They began to open schools in the areas where mining settlements had grown.
Difficulties arose regarding their Bishop’s ideas of governance of the Sisters. This meant a severing of ties with their original group led by Mary Mackillop Many returned to Adelaide. Hyacinth Quinlan remained to train the newly arrived Irish girls. Julian Tenison Woods remained their mentor and spiritual director.
Hyacinth was first leader of the group known as the Diocesan Sisters of St Joseph, later called the “black” Josephites. The Central Group under Mary Mackillop, were known as the “brown” Josephites. These names corresponded to the colours of the habit

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.891441
Retrieved Text: The seventh Running of the Bulls in this year’s Sanfermines featured bulls from the Núñez del Cuvillo bull-ranch. It was run at a very fast pace and there were some moments of danger at the City Hall stretch where a brown-colored bull charged and tossed several runners squeezed together at the fencing on the right side. One American runner received a goring to his right leg.
There were also some injuries from falls on the stretch leading down into the bull ring where two bulls tripped up and fell. The first medical report states that six runners were taken off for hospital treatment – the runner gored to his leg and five others who suffered contusion and severe bruising. Today, the whole Running of the Bulls took just 2 min. 32 sec.
The pack had come out of the pens in Santo Domingo in a tight group and already half-way up the slope, a brown-colored bull overtook the others and raced ahead at a very fast pace, threatening to charge at runners as it swung its head from side to side. Finally, it knocked over two runners on reaching City Hall square and then charged into a group of runners gathered at the fencing. One runner was knocked from the fencing to the ground and received a goring to his right leg.
Four of the bulls ran close together up Estafeta Street allowing some of the runners to get close in front of the horns and display some fine running. Entering the final stretch leading down into the bull

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.776258
Retrieved Text: Recently, one of our writers, Jason, forwarded me a story he found on Runner’s World regarding a study by Sarah Ridge et al. that was published in February 2013 in the medical journal, Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise. The study is titled Foot Bone Marrow Edema after 10-week Transition to Minimalist Running Shoes. Simply put, the study examines injury rates in a group of runners during a 10-week transition to Vibram FiveFingers.
The authors introduce us to the minimalist shoe concept similarly to how Born to Run opens the doors. They cover the introduction of the traditional running shoe in the ’70s and then throw out some of the usual minimalist propaganda, and, once they get through all of the “go-to-points” for us minimalist runners, we get to the topic at hand.
…Due to the increasing popularity of minimalist running shoes, it is imperative that researchers, clinicians, and runners understand the potential risks present when transitioning from running in traditional running shoes to minimalist running shoes….
The study took place in Utah monitoring 36 recreational runners (21 male, 15 female) with an average age of 26.5 years. In order to qualify to be included in this study, each runner had to be able to complete an average of 15 – 30 miles per week during a 6 month period. Runners who had previously worn Vibram FiveFingers, or had a recent injury, were not included. The group of runners was split up into two groups: one that would continue their regular training regimen in traditional shoes, and another

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.77478
Retrieved Text: Your choice between our traditional event distances of Big Lizard 10 Mile, 8 Kilometers, or a one-lap tour of 4 Kilometers.
New for 2016... our Terathlon 8-Hour option for ultra-trail runners with a 7:30 am starting time.
Space for 150 eager runners... permit restrictions limit race participation to the first 150 registrants, which is a total combined count of participants within all events.
Terrific moisture-wicking tech shirts for all registered runners and volunteers.
Chip timing & scoring with instant results published, here on RunRace.net for all participants.
Awards in all events for top male & female finishers.
Custom year-specific finisher pins for all participants who complete their event distance.
Registration opens on June 21st 2016, and lasts through 6:00 pm on Friday the day before race day, here on our RunRace Network. Due to permit restrictions we cannot offer race-day registration.
Note: Note: Ample parking is available at Linne Woods grove, which is on the north side of Dempster St. For safety, we recommend that you approach Linne Woods grove while traveling a westerly direction on Dempster Street, then make a right turn into the parking lot.
Our 2016 Terra Sans Pave - Linne Woods trail runs takes place entirely within Region 4: North Cook County, nearby the North Branch Trail system of the Forest Preserve District of Cook County, in Morton Grove. Linne Woods, Grove #2 pavilion serves as race start / finish area and our aid station.
Terra Sans Pave is ideal for first-time trail runners, and those experienced runners looking to post a fast time for "not too technical" trail racing. A variety

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.764097
Retrieved Text: On Sunday, January 18 the streets of Houston were filled with thousands of runners for the 2017 Chevron Houston Marathon and Aramco Half Marathon. Each year, runners are given the chance to fundraise for a designated 'Run for a Reason' organization in order to earn their spot in the race. This year, 22 remarkable individuals not only ran hundreds of miles in training, fought the crowds and endured unseasonably high race-day temperatures, but together they raised more than $24,000 for Child Advocates and the fight against child abuse.
The morning of the race, Child Advocates volunteers and supporters gathered around the 5 mile mark at our Hoopla Station to encourage our runners and give hugs as they made their way toward the finish line.
We are so grateful to each of these remarkable individuals, and we are so proud of you! You are not just a Houston Marathon finisher, but you are all champions for abused children.
Fundraising is still open until February 17, so if you'd like to make a donation through our Run for a Reason fundraising page, click here.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.723928
Retrieved Text: Things looked bleak for a hike in the woods on 16 Jan because in Raleigh and Cary we had sleet and light snow. But by 1:30 the sun was out and we gathered in the parking lot at the A. E. Finley Golf Course in Chapel Hill. Our destination, Mason Farm, abuts the golf course.
Misty Franklin, a NCNPS board member, explains how the fields are cut off in sections to increase the varied habitats.
The Big Oak Woods, the Carolina Shagbark Hickory Slope, and the Hackberry Warbler Trail each feature some of the oldest tress in the triangle area, with many over 200 years old.
Milo Pyne IDs several of the oaks from their leaves.
We walked around the 2-mile loop trail and practiced winter tree and shrub identification. The terrain is mainly flat and the main loop is an easy hike, but was muddy in places, especially around the beaver impoundment known as Siler’s Bog.
Back at the parking area we got most of the group to gather for a group photo.
Some wanted the worm’s eye view for the group shot.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.660833
Retrieved Text: Running: Women as a target group for Adidas, On, Brooks Running & co.
More and more running brands are targeting female athletes in their marketing initiatives. Yet, who is actually providing a range of products that has been developed specifically for women and can meet their anatomical prerequisites? Or is it just about design aspects? In the sixth part of the series about running trends, Ispo.com discusses these questions with representatives of the industry.
Whether design, layout or marketing: the running industry targets women.
Campaign visuals and social media posts of the sports industry show active, fit and self-confident women who pursue ambitious goals and train persistent to achieve them. However, is it really about offering female athletes – especially runners – women-specific products or is the female target group only in the focus of the respective marketing department?
In part 6 of our running series we asked Adidas, Brooks Running, On and Saucony to what extent they develop products for women from the ground up or whether this is more about design aspects and advertising messages.
It all started with Nike’s "club of the daughters"
“Töchter lauft!” – roughly translated „Run Daughters Run!“ was one of the first and most memorable advertising campaigns for female runners by the sporting goods industry in Germany. It was has been created by world market leader Nike and launched 2010. Within a few months associated local running communities for “daughters”, “Club der Töchter” and the annual “We Own The Night” races took over German cities.
What made it so successful? The communities gathered young, sportive women

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.627266
Retrieved Text: Tiger Woods is one of the US team’s five assistant captains at the Ryder Cup and he clearly misunderstood who was supposed to be in this photograph.
The European and USA teams have gathered at Hazeltine in Minnesota for this week’s Ryder Cup and as part of the festivities, official photographs are being taken.
This one was for the playing group only and was booted out of it by the photographer.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.522572
Retrieved Text: Thank you all for hiking with us on our adopted trail. There were a few new faces in the group, which is always nice to see. We had over twenty folks in attendance to enjoy the Spring like weather. Hopefully many of them will be inspired to return when we schedule our trail maintenance.
Gene led the Naturalists as they departed Seaman Road to ascend the ridge on a reconnaissance mission, to identify maintenance issues. The trail register was located and repaired. The signs of Spring have not yet revealed themselves. The trail crunched underfoot with frost needles remaining from the previous days of cold temperatures. These kept the muck to a minimum.
Wendy headed up the Tourist group on a longer journey, over the ridge and through the woods. They enjoyed the serenity of the late winter woods with a few patches of snow and none of those pesky insects.
Climbers trudged up that LONG hill from the Naples access, rewarded by that marvelous gorge and waterfalls along the way. They paused to take in the view at the overlook of the Naples valley before continuing through the forest and over the ridge on their five mile adventure. They found the trail to be well-blazed with no major blockages. Hopefully our photographers will share their interesting images. As they approached the Seaman Road access, a barred owl made its presence known. Some of this group found a stream which served handily as a much needed boot washer.
Many hikers gathered at the Middletown Tavern afterward to share the day’s

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.503454
Retrieved Text: CASA volunteer advocates, friends and supporters all gathered in Meredith this past Saturday for Dow Realty Group’s 1K Endurance Challenge — a road race that is truly for everyone! An original idea of Dow Realty Group, this fun challenge involved a .62 mile walk from Prescott Park in Meredith to a finish’wine’ between Hermit Woods Winery and Frog Rock Tavern. More than 70 participants completed the walk and enjoyed a complimentary wine tasting and beverage between the two establishments. With the support of participants and sponsors, the 1K Endurance Challenge raised more than $12,000 to support abused and neglected children in the Lakes Region.
This fun spirited event would not have been possible without the hard work of Dow Realty Group and CASA volunteers Pam Clark and Frieda Yueh, who organized and managed the entire day. Third party events like this one are a great way for local businesses to give back to CASA. They increase outreach into the specific community and generate awareness for CASA’s mission. If you are interested in hosting a third party event of your own, please contact Jo Lawrence at jlawrence@casanh.org!
Special thanks to all of our sponsors: Meredith Village Savings Bank, Blue Water Mortgage Corporation, Dow Realty Group, Heart and Hands Thrift Shop, Northway Bank, Frog Rock Tavern, Hermit Woods Winery, Akwa Marina Yacht Club, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust, CBH Landscaping, Generator Connection, HouseMaster Home Inspections, Mill Falls at the Lake, On the Level Home Inspections, Red Door Title, Shep Brown’s Boat Basin, “Y” Landing Marina, Ambrose Marine Construction, Harbor One

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.233665
Retrieved Text: Do You Know Your Charity Runners?
We recently ran a talk aimed at charities around the question Do You Know Your Runners?. Here’s a summary of what we covered.
Runners are often considered and referred to as a strange breed, but what do they need and consider important, what drives them and why they are doing it? There are many different types of runners and in reaching them it’s not a one size fits all.
We conducted some research and gathered information about why people run for charity, what the barriers are and the different personas of ‘the runner’. We’ve identified 10 different types, breaking down the characters into traits, personalities, stereotypes and what they will and won’t respond to. Are you attracting the ‘right’ runners?
Running races are a massive revenue stream for charities and with the increasing popularity and demand for places it’s important to know who you are talking to.
“The reason we race isn’t so much to beat each other but to be with each other.” – Christopher McDougall, author of Born to Run.
This certainly does marry up with some research we’ve been doing. In a recent survey of 100 runners we asked the question: Why Do You run?
The top 2 reasons were – I want to keep to a fitness level and I just love to run.
The Runner’s World database recorded 145 full marathons in the UK last year, almost three times the 50 held in 2003 – ten years ago. The number of half marathons over the same period rose from 189 to 336. There

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.224215
Retrieved Text: The Adirondack Artists Guild is pleased to announce that Anastasia Osolin will join the group as a new member in May.
Anastasia Osolin creates collages and mixed-media assemblages from a wide variety of found objects and imagery gathered from flea markets, yard sales, books, antique shops, construction sites, and walks in the woods. Blending elements of the everyday and the extraordinary, each piece invites the viewer into its own world, by turns whimsical, mysterious, and darkly humorous. Based in Saranac Lake, NY, Anastasia graduated from the School of Visual Arts in New York City with a BFA in Illustration.
The Artist Guild Gallery will be closed for renovations for the rest of April and the beginning of May. When they are completed, the Guild will host a gala reopening for the community to welcome Anastasia and to usher in the new summer season.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.203987
Retrieved Text: I think it would be a good idea to change the rendering of leisure=track, because tracks are not always in the form of a stadium track. For an example, look at ​http://www.openstreetmap.org/?lat=63.842&lon=20.3651&zoom=14&layers=0B00FTF . The track is a runners (skiing in winter) track in the forest - quite common in Sweden - consisting of several entangled loops, making the area fill look very strange. To make matters worse, the area contains several paths (most of them are not mapped yet) that are not part of the runners track, making it hard to see which paths belong to the track, and which don't.
I don't know if these designated runners/skiers tracks are common elsewhere, but this is how they typically look: ​http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elljussp%C3%A5r . They are not just paths in the woods; they are designated exercise tracks with markings, measured length and so on.
If the way is closed it should have area fill anyway. and if the way is not closed, honoring area=yes might give funny results. So why would you need that?
Many tracks are closed ways, as they often go around a stadium, e.g. here: ​http://www.openstreetmap.org/?lat=49.9004&lon=10.92902&zoom=17&layers=0B00FTF So it makes sense not to automatically make them filled when they are closed.
Basically it's the same as with street areas vs. street loops.
(In ) Honor area=yes on leisure=track. Fixes #1900.
Add leisure=track with and without area=yes to stadion.osm for testing.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.149792
Retrieved Text: For the fourth year running, the “Run in the Dark” event took place in Luxembourg city centre on Wednesday evening.
As darkness fell, more than 750 runners gathered in the Rives de Clausen, and took to the city centre streets, a river of red lights making their way through the historic city centre.
The Luxembourg runners joined 25,000 people around the world in more than 50 locations who got up from their armchairs and televisions or left their offices, pulled on their running shoes, slipped on their red flashing armbands and hit the road. Together, they were part of a living light show flowing through the streets like lava, and join an incredible global event for a great cause.
This unique event is to raise funds for spinal cord injury, for the Mark Pollock Trust. The participants raised toast to Mark Pollock at the post-race event, sponsored by ING Luxembourg and the Big Beer Company.
“The atmosphere was electric at the start,” said Jane Murray, the Irishwoman who is the local contact for the Trust in the Grand Duchy. “I am overwhelmed with the support for this event in Luxembourg, raising funds for important research into spinal cord injury. We look forward to 2018 already!”.
The event is hugely popular, doubling in size this year and is kindly sponsored by ING Luxembourg, Kerry Group Luxembourg and the Big Beer Company, and supported by People-First Luxembourg.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.149689
Retrieved Text: There was a good atmosphere on Sunday February 22 at the Simon Bolivar Park in Bogota, where a group of Management Solutions professionals gathered on a warm morning to complete the 10-kilometer run in the shortest possible time.
The initiative, organized by Natura Foundation, aimed at recovering the local forests, as six native trees will be planted for each runner registered in the race. The Foundation sought to raise awareness on the need to restore local forests and respect the environment.
Thanks to the participation of over 5,000 runners, 30,000 trees will be planted during 2015 and 2016.

================



======= Instance Index 1750 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is sitting behind two drums. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: begins to play them with his hands.

Ending 2: begins to play on them in rhythm.

Ending 3: sticks the stick into the snare drum.

Ending 4: begins to play the drums while talking to the camera.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.937204
Retrieved Text: Sunny days were not in store for us and shortly after we dropped anchor the storm broke. No discharging of cargo was possible, and for over two days we watched the seas slowly build and the winds strengthen.
Sitting on the floor behind them in a semi-circle were the four skin-drum percussionists—happy, perspiring, and a bit odoriferous– enthusiastically whipping sticks against their flat, hand-held drums made of seal gut stretched across circular frames.
Despite the fact that Caspi does not hesitate to citicize the Orthodox world, he has harsh and substantial arguments against the world of secular culture. As a patient and as a psychologist, he claims he has had firsthand experience of the ineffectiveness of psychology.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.400797
Retrieved Text: GetGood Drums was born out of our insanely passionate love for amazing sounding drums! Our drums are tuned, captured, and performed with the utmost attention to detail, and retain the raw energy and conviction needed for a truly special sound. Our first curated library of drums, cymbals, and microphones is now available. With great pride we present the GGD Matt Halpern Signature Pack.
Meet the man behind the kit, Matt Halpern. He has made a name for himself in the band, Periphery with whom he has toured extensively across the world. Their third and latest double album Juggernaut (Alpha/Omega) entered at number 15 and 16, respectfully, in the Top 200 Billboard charts. Matt is also well known within the music industry as an educator and representative for Mapex Drums, Meinl Cymbals, Evans Drumheads, and Promark Drumsticks. Matt’s signature sample pack features Mapex Saturn (Maple/Walnut) shells, his signature Black Panther Wraith snare drum and a full range of Meinl Byzance cymbals.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.938934
Retrieved Text: The long awaited studio album "Time To Wake Up" is here from Dan Granero! This album has a balanced mix of Blues and Classic Rock with Dan's tasteful guitar licks and tones complementing the well-written tunes about his life from 2008 to 2012.
"Time To Wake Up" the album that best describes Dan's life to date.
It was "Time To Wake Up" for Dan Granero as he went through some really hard times in life during the making of this beautiful album from production to personal problems. Dan made it through in the end with the help of great friends, family and band members from Sweden, Denmark, Italy, UK, USA and Australia.
The title track was one of Dan's first songs ever written at age 15. it is simple lyrically but can mean so much to many and the passion and energy in the track (and the whole album) is evident. "Time features Dan's most well-known tracks and crowd pleasers such as "I Hear The Blues Calling My Name", "The Road", "Come On Home" and "Can't Stand To Lose" which have been re-worked and refined.
This album features some great musicians Dan has performed with over the years. Two of the longest band members Dan has had from the beginning of his career - The rock solid rhythm section of James Joseph on drums and David Hentzschel on Bass are the main musicians on the album. Then Dan has good friend and session man Chris Allison on Drums on "I Hear The Blues Calling My Name" and also the ever-talented

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.798777
Retrieved Text: Where to start about night two of Bruce Springsteen’s two-night homestand at the TD Banknorth Garden?
The show was longer (just about exactly three hours); it had more of an emphasis on his older, less mainstream material; the band covered “I Wanna Be Sedated”; I had a better seat; and man oh man, can that Jay Weinberg play!
Oh, and did I mention Jay Weinberg and his amazing skills on the drums?
It was great to hear “Spirit in the Night,” “Thunder Road,” “Glory Days,” and especially, “Jungleland,” during which Clarence Clemons did another one of his awe-inspiring solos.
I continued to be impressed with “Outlaw Pete,” and loved the way the simple effect of smoke made the song so much more dramatic.
I was intrigued by how little Bruce played off Working on a Dream (only three songs tonight; “The Wrestler” took the night off).
Oh, and did I mention Jay Weinberg yet?
When Max goes off to serve as Conan O’Brien’s bandleader on The Tonight Show in June, 18-year-old Jay (his son) will be sitting in full-time on the drums. Until then, Jay comes out for four songs at the end of the first set.
Both nights, he ratcheted up the energy level instantly, picking up the tempo and taking “Radio Nowhere” to places unknown, and making “Lonesome Day” more hard-driving than ever.
Jay was back for “American Land” and “Glory Days,” and wow … he just goes nuts on those drums. I know it’s sacrilegious to say, but I’d love to see the E Street Band when Jay plays full-time. What exciting

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.671778
Retrieved Text: Man walking through a busy market.
He comes to a stand occupied by an obese man eating fast food, spilling some fries on the ground. The obese man references two young men behind him. The young men are very thin and appear malnourished.
The man continues to walk through the market. The young men quickly eat the food off the ground, trying not to get caught by their 'employer'.
Farther down the market the man sees a youth sitting on the ground with a plate, begging. The man nods and says hi to a man in a black leather jacket as they pass. The man in the leather jacket grabs the arm of the begging boy, scoops the coins into his hand as drags the boy off.
Farther down the market a man in a suit talks to a well dressed woman. She looks angry. There is a sad young lady sitting in a curtained off stall. The woman accepts money from the man who is leering at the girl. The man walking through the market sees the man in the suit enter the curtained stall where the girl is, pulling the curtain closed behind him.
Open your eyes to human trafficking.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.193237
Retrieved Text: The street shook with the wide reverberations of circuit-board drums and pitch-perfect bass. Footsteps on the pavement were drops in an all-encompassing ocean. For music meant to induce ecstasy in a seething mass of people, it could make a man feel insignificant like nothing else - the speakers towering above with an electronic whip, the subwoofers roaring their commands designed to head straight for the heart and crush it beneath pink furry boots.
A few quid poorer, a paper band around his wrist, and he sidles in, a static, well-cut mannequin amongst the writhing bodies. After an age at the bar, he sits down amongst the ones too tired or embarrassed to dance. Nevertheless, they chatter in each other's ears excitedly, muzzled by the jackhammer drums, and he still feels wildly out of place.
After a while, an electric surge, a new kind of cold, rainbow community spirit forces the young to their feet, and they rush off with hands entwined, no longer outsiders. All that is left is a man sitting rigid in a suit, and a shapeless figure slumped on a table opposite. Despite the noise, there is silence.
Curiosity stirs him to investigate. Cautiously he approaches the table, and hails the stranger. With a start, a face shining blue with tears appears, and mouths What?
She never wanted to come here, he deciphers from her hoarse yells and sluggish gestures. Empty bottles of J20 stand testament to her enforced sobriety. And though in the end it makes sense, his heart is filled with sadness - that a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.080458
Retrieved Text: The Department of Tangents Podcast: EP16 Alejandro Escovedo plus "Thought I'd Let You Know"
When I interviewed <a href="http://www.alejandroescovedo.com/" target="_blank">Alejandro Escovedo</a> for this episode, we were sitting in the green room upstairs at the Brighton Music Hall in Boston. He’d just spent ten hours on the road from Toronto on the day after Thanksgiving to get there. You can hear the band soundchecking in the background. There is no better setting to talk to a man who has spent nearly forty years traveling the world, playing guitar and singing for audiences of all shapes and size. He was gracious and thoughtful, as his songwriting implies he would be, talking about the stories behind the songs on his latest album, <em>Burn Something Beautiful</em>.
For those unfamiliar with his work, he’s a bit of a rock and roll chimera. Depending on which song you pick from his extensive catalogue, he could be an Americana troubadour or a glam rocker, a Texas singer/songwriter or a punk. He tells stories, and sometimes that’s done with pounding drums and guitars feeding back.
Escovedo says at one point that music saved his life. It’s a life-sustaining enterprise, and it has brought him through personal tragedy and illness, including his battle with Hepatitis C, which he is close to winning for good. We touched on that briefly, but he referenced a story from <a href="http://www.dallasobserver.com/music/austin-legend-alejandro-escovedo-finds-new-home-in-dallas-after-near-death-experience-8798255" target="_blank">the <em>Dallas Observer</em> that expands on that</a>. It was wonderful to dig into the music, the different bands he’s toured with, and what all of this means to him.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.996628
Retrieved Text: Here come the Nerdstepper! Maultaschen-murderer!
Some people claim he is the man behind the mysterious artist named Rufus Mandelbrock. What’s definetely true is that it’s always worth seeing Pierlo perform live since he is known for using things like celery and corn in his PG-Digi-Box, as well as playing funny geek-gadgets like a Nintendo DS to control VST effects over Wifi or like a Wiimote to play live drums using its bluetooth interface. Nerd!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.731966
Retrieved Text: Image of a group of soldiers looking down at a dirty and wounded man lying on the ground with his hands bound behind his back.
Image of a dirty and wounded man lying on the ground with his hands bound behind his back. There are many soldiers standing around him, but most are looking in other directions.
Image of a dirty and wounded man sitting on the ground with his hands bound behind his back. The legs of several uniformed people are standing around him.
Image of several soldiers with guns and ammunition. Two of the soldiers are sitting down together and there is a man in civilian clothes behind them.
Image of a group of soldiers in front of a house. Most of them are looking out of frame. There is a large, long-barrelled gun on a tripod at their feet and a man in civilian clothes in the background.
Image of a dirty, wounded man lying it the street.
Image of a tank with soldiers sitting atop it, with locals walking by behind it. The tank has a white decal of a [lion?] on it.
Image of a soldier on a field telephone.
Image of a small crowd of locals watching large military vehicles drive past.
Image of smiling soldiers sitting at an artillery station.
Image of a person sitting in the flatbed of a vehicle in protective gear and glasses. They are smiling and holding a rifle.
Image of a tank on the side of a suburban street. There is a decal of a white elephant on the tank and a soldier standing in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.649248
Retrieved Text: Description: Photograph of Ace Reid, cartoonist and humorist from Kerrville, on the storytelling stage at the Texas Folklife Festival in San Antonio, Texas. Wearing a cowboy hat, aviator sunglasses, and a plaid shirt, he is speaking into a microphone which he is holding.
Description: Photograph of Ace Reid, cartoonist and humorist from Kerrville, on the storytelling stage at the Texas Folklife Festival in San Antonio, Texas. Wearing a cowboy hat, aviator sunglasses, and a plaid shirt, he is speaking into a microphone which he is holding. Behind him a rocking chair and a small hay bale is visible.
Description: Photograph of Allen Damron and Guich Koock on the storytelling stage at the Texas Folklife Festival in San Antonio, Texas. They are sitting on a square hay bale, Damron on the left and Koock on the right. Damron is playing guitar while Koock holds a microphone to his mouth.
Description: Photograph of Ace Reid and Paul Patterson on the storytelling stage at the Texas Folklife Festival in San Antonio, Texas. Patterson is standing on the right and speaking into a microphone while Reid is sitting on the left. They are both wearing cowboy hats. Behind them is a painted backdrop of a wooden house front.
Description: Photograph of Arnold Griffin, from Devine, on the storytelling stage with Ace Reid and emcee Rosemary Davis at the Texas Folklife Festival in San Antonio, Texas. All three are sitting in rocking chairs, with Reid on the left, Griffin in the center, and Davis on the right. Behind them is a painted backdrop of a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.583958
Retrieved Text: Image of a group of men watching a police man looking inside the trunk of a car.
Image of man and woman standing at entrance of the St. Clair branch of the Royal Bank of Canada; police man standing inside with hands on his hips.
Image of woman standing behind bank teller table with objects in her hands and two other women standing besides her.
Image of man wearing glasses writing. Sign beside him says' Money Orders.' One woman sitting on his right and others behind him.
Image of smiling woman wearing dress and holding purse; man wearing glasses and woman facing away from camera behind her in background.
Image of police man standing beside metron Toronto police car. Suitcase in middle of road in front of streetcar is seen in background.
Image of woman with arms crossed looking away from camera; another woman standing in background.
Image of two men and woman covering her face with Reader's Digest book exiting the Berkeley House.
Image of police man speaking to woman wearing white dress; another woman is beside her; man sitting at desk can be seen in background.
Image of man wearing hat with newspaper tucked under his arm and two persons in front of him writing on notepads; two men in the background are seen behind him.
Image of metro police car closeup parked outside of Federal Savings building beside Coiffure Walter beauty salon.
Image of two men crouching down and two men standing in middle of road while police man and other men look on. Crowds of people on sidewalk can be seen in background.
Image

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.580687
Retrieved Text: Skip can accomodate any budget as he is experienced playing as a solo performer; as a duo, or full dance band ensemble. He can also provide sound re-enforcement for any size event.
Skip & his group, The Spirit of New Orleans, play a smattering of the great rhythm and blues hits of the ’50s and ’60s, as well as some great pop & rock organ classics of the ’60s and ’70’s. Add to that a bonifide New Orleans piano boogie-woogie and the party follows!
Over the last 20 years, frontman Skip Jones has enjoyed working with such bands as: The Coasters, The Drifters, The Platters, Joe Houston & Bo Diddley. He toured with the great Canned Heat in 1985-86 holding down Larry Taylor’s bass position. Skip has worked with The Etouffee Band, James Thornbury, James Bradshaw and Henry Vestine extensively. Skip can be seen performing at least 4 times a week in Eugene at the jams and with his own band The Spirit of New Orleans. He’s taken over for the Rooster Man hosting Eugene’s longest running Blues Jam, now at the Black Forest on Tuesday nights at 8:00, as well as the Quacker's jam on Wednesdays, and Docs Pad on Mondays!
Friday, June 11, 6:00 p.m.
Come dancing! We've been lucky; the best musicians in Eugene have been sitting-in with us! Featuring the fabulous: Kenny Reed, drums; Byron Case, guitar; Lloyd Tolbert, harmonica. You stay we play.
Rooster Blues Jam - Eugene's longest running blues jam; THE ORIGINAL Eugene Blues Jam!
Byron Case and Skip alternate hosting duties. Drums and bass

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.48473
Retrieved Text: Mark Davenport, a drum tutor at Music Makers in Hampton, gives a free drum workshop at the store on Saturday.
HAMPTON -- Anyone passing by 822 Lafayette Road on Saturday afternoon that happened to hear the muffled sounds of a wailing guitar, rolling electric bass and sporadic drumming may have thought they had stumbled upon a band fine-tuning their set list for an upcoming gig. It's hard to imagine that anyone would have guessed that seven-year-old Christian Howard was sitting behind the drum set Feb. 7.
Christian had his moment in the spotlight during a free drum class offered by Music Makers, a music instruction school. The class, which was open to people of all ages and ability, was presided over by in-house drum instructor Mark Davenport.
During the hour-long class, Davenport demonstrated a variety of drumming styles, and worked with those present to offer tips and assess their ability.
Trisha Craig, owner and director of Music Makers, said that the free session came about as a way to inspire and educate those interested in taking up the sticks.
"Several people had called inquiring about drum lessons," said Craig. "I just thought this would be a great way to get people into the school, and to see what it's like and to experience Mark.
"Then they could ask questions and get an idea what it's all about before they invest in a drum set or start lessons," she said.
Davenport told the members of the audience, who ranged from seven to 45 years of age, the drums could be used to conjure various

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.483948
Retrieved Text: Officers and soldiers gradually arrived at the military drill ground in their formations. There wasn’t any disorder, in the slightest degree. Only the sound of their synchronized march and of the clanging noises from their armor could be heard.
Lin Feng’s heart started to beat faster when he saw the officers and soldiers within the military drill ground.
He looked as far as his eyes could see and saw that there were three large groups of soldiers which gradually turned into three huge square-shaped formations. There wasn’t the slightest iota of chaos. The light from the sun shining on their armor was dazzling. There were three different colours shining throughout the formation.
The armor of these soldiers were three different colours: bronze, silver and gold.
The gold armored soldiers were the highest ranked while the bronze armored soldiers were the lowest of rank. That was clear from just a glance.
Duan Tian Lang’s armor was pitch black. He looked like the devourer of souls. His attire was filled with endless coldness and austerity. He looked intimidating and majestic.
The marching sounds of the soldiers rose and fell in succession. A row of bronze armored soldiers lifted their war drums and walked forwards. The war drums were so heavy that four bronze armored soldiers were required to lift a single drum.
A deep sound spread through the atmosphere. The front row of bronze armored soldiers lifted up the war drums and moved towards the other soldiers. Then the second row of bronze armored soldiers did the same. When the drums hit the floor however

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.479555
Retrieved Text: In a hilarious viral video (below), a teenage boy gets what&apos;s coming to him while he and two friends attempt to pull a prank on women at their school.
The quick clip, originally posted to Vine by Samuel Grubbs, shows a group of students at North Carolina&apos;s Wingate University shouting "Yaga" while pulling on girls&apos; ponytails.
The first of the two boys pull on the ponytails of the girls sitting at the table behind them. Then, when it&apos;s the third boy&apos;s turn, he quickly regrets his decision.
The third ponytail was actually a hair piece, which he pulled off of the woman behind him. Immediately realizing his mistake, he looks up to find the woman standing before him with a raised hand. She then swings and slaps him so hard that he passes out into the lap of the student sitting next to him.
The clip quickly went viral, with more than 47 million views since being uploaded.
Social media users had plenty to say about the slap.
"She slapped that man back to the first century," one Twitter user wrote.
"Look at the last dudes face - he immediately knew he messed up," another user commented.
"She slapped him into the next life," one viewer wrote.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.206154
Retrieved Text: Tech super CEO Elon Musk is letting go of this northern Los Angeles mansion for $6.5 million.
The only way to beat the traffic in Southern California.
The perfect design for the man behind Star Wars.
Two Hollywood heavy hitters come together for a bit of banter in the hills of LA.
LeBron James may have his own epic mansion in Cleveland already, but what does the man do when he hits the mean streets of LA?
Oakley founder and entrepreneur James Jannard thought this brutalist pad sitting atop a Beverly Hills cliff seemed like a logical idea.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.116673
Retrieved Text: PALMFooD is the newest member of Hi!Fly and the main man behind Stamusic.Studios. The incredibly young talent (born in 1991) lives on the Budapest-Vienna axis. He first connected with the label when he did the mastering of the first couple of releases, later he was progressively integrated into the crew. Also performs under his other moniker, Stamusic. with his younger brother; their trendy and stylish productions are hyped till the sky by the young lads mostly susceptive for audiovisual stimuli. Their video clips are equally popular amongst the editors and opinion leaders of music channels, websites and blogs. PALMFooD is not only at home behind the studio mixer, but also plays the drums. No wonder that he is working on a new live act setup, where he’ll be able to perform his newest productions with live musicians. Some of the tracks were already tested at his Hi!Fly debut, the crew’s Danube boat party titled Cruisin.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.019146
Retrieved Text: Hailing from Nashville, Tennessee; Heavo began his production journey at 16. Becoming fascinated with the story behind a songs creation. He took this fascination and began researching audio production. Beats became an obsession after messing with FL studio in his teens. In his own words it was a ‘catalyst for learning more about audio engineering as well as making music that (he is) incredibly passionate about’. Crafting his own sound, ‘A Man and His Island’ is his latest work but how has this lifelong passion translated into his music?
The entirety of ‘A Man and His Island’ has what I like to call a crusty warmth. A tonal warmth that comes from the dust inherent the sounds presented. Each of the beats on this project is drenched in this kind of internal fuzz. The whole tape is a slice of bit-crushed bliss. Relaxed and calm but always playing with the idea of tone. Take ‘underwater’. This track is celebration of perfect imperfection. The melodics on this track feel as if they are pulling their way through a stereophonic fleece. The drums stay lowkey but drive the track forward with unexpected tonal rhythms in and amongst their central pattern. Heavo injects his own take on tone on this one. The sounds aren’t clean in the traditional sense but that's ok. The individuality of them is what makes them beautiful.
‘A Man and His Island’ is also a great example of raw sampling. The chops are quick and Heavo is not afraid to have them jump, skitter and phase. Far

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.98551
Retrieved Text: Phoenix drummer Jerome Teasley, who played with Jr. Walker & the All-Stars, Wilson Pickett, Al Green, Sonny Stitt and more, has died at 67.
Rhythm Room planning tribute on July 10.
By the time he moved to Phoenix in the ’80s, Jerome Teasley had played drums for such iconic figures in the history of soul and R&B as Wilson Pickett, Al Green, Ike and Tina Turner and Jr. Walker & the All-Stars, appearing on three Walker albums and Green’s first album, “Back Up Train.” He also played with bebop legend Sonny Stitt.
Bob Corritore recruited Teasley, who died Thursday, June 16, to drum for a group he and Janiva Magness had just formed, the Mojomatics, when the drummer left Detroit for Phoenix.
“He was just unbelievable,” Corritore says. “For the soul show drumming, fantastic. There’s a whole bunch of videos on YouTube of him and Jr. Walker & the All-Stars. He was that guy that provided the perfect power that you always needed. Very powerful. I mean, it took me a little while to get used to his handshake because it was so strong, it would pretty much crush your hand.
Teasley had Stage Four cancer in his lungs and liver. Diagnosed a year and a half ago, he was admitted to St. Joseph’s Hospital in Phoenix two days before his death. He was 67.
Teasley’s daughter, Charlie, says, “There were a lot of things that factored into my dad’s death. He got pneumonia and the bacterial virus on the pneumonia spread to the blood. The cancer that he had in his

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.918417
Retrieved Text: Alan Johnson - a successful dentist with an excellent and exemplary practice, a loving and caring family man. But he increasingly feels satiety and family, and work. Alan can not give an explanation. Having met at one of the city streets of the former roommate in the dorm Charlie Faymann, he did not even once it learns. Unshaven, sloppily dressed, on a scooter, in large headphones on his head, with an extinct sight - so it appeared to Alan, dressed to the nines, friend Charlie. But what had happened to the former humorist and zhiznelyubets? Charlie was a terrible tragedy, and his life is no longer be the same. Charlie does not want to talk about the past, and the future does not interest him, it simply does not exist for him. The tragedy of September eleventh claimed the lives of those closest and dearest people Charlie - beautiful wife and three lovely daughters. He was riding in a taxi in the back seat when it announced the tragedy. Realizing that no one will never arrive, he desperately waits and hopes, sitting in the airport ... Charlie has surrounded himself with music and silence. He often painted in different colors the walls of his house, playing to exhaustion on drums, listening to old records. Grief Charlie makes Alan review the priorities in life, to understand what is most important. Trying to help a friend get back to reality, he gets help from Charlie, it can be much more than he can give. The meeting of two

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.854172
Retrieved Text: We all know, thanks to Robert Plant and company, that communication can break horribly down. But is it possible that a man, in his sixties, could have really believed, on St. Patrick's Day, that I had invited his two-year-old grandson to sit in with the band?
I was setting my drums up for the evening, and up he came with the boy -- the boy who was clutching a pair of 5A, nylon-tipped sticks in his cute little mitts. I smiled at the two of them.
"He wanted to see the drums," the man said to me. "His grandpop is a drummer. This kid loves drums. He sleeps with these sticks in his hands."
Anyway, I waved at the little fellow and said, "You want to come up and try the drums out?"
Okay, I figured -- the kid got cold feet and they want back to their dinner. No biggie.
We played through the first set and, for the first time in my playing career, our most energetic audience was an entire extended family, from two to sixty-something, jamming out, right in front of the stage, including Little Buddy Rich and his granddad.
And, yes, that is a kilt Jeff is wearing.
And, no, I wasn't wearing a kilt.
When the second set started, they were back. As we were walking up, Cindy, the wife of Tony, our other guitar player, told me that an older guy had asked her if she was a wife of someone in the band. When she said yes, he told her that "the drummer" had promised his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.823952
Retrieved Text: The sky glowed a bright orange. A long cloud drifted in the distance, near the horizon, painted red. Wind blew across the lands and lifted from the ground dirt, and dry leaves, and a few long strands of hair.
A man was sitting, leaning on a boulder, outside his small flaking house. It was the middle of summer and the last rays of sunlight touched his face, and the soft currents of air took the heat away, and his hair fell from his head one strand a time. His eyes had been dried out, and the empty sockets in his head peered into the nothing, and his mouth rested wide open, and his skin turned ever thinner.
The man with the red shirt, sitting by the boulder, remained silent and dead.
The walking man continued his path into the desert, and the body with the red shirt continued sitting in his place. “I won’t take long.” The walking man said as he left the corpse behind.
The man’s back arched forward, as if holding at its top a load. His stride was slow and his footsteps heavy, and his gaze was set to the disappearing sun.
If he continued walking, he thought, he might postpone the night, and the darkness would not come. If he could keep the sun above him, if only he could walk a little faster, then maybe he’d forget the cold, and he wouldn’t have to shiver. But the sun has always been harsh and distant, and unremorseful in its actions. Never had it waited for him,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.642721
Retrieved Text: PENSACOLA, Fla. (WKRG) -- Two men and a woman have been arrested for robbing a man outside a hotel in Pensacola.
The victim said while driving home from work, he saw a young woman walking on Pine Forest Road. He stopped to ask if she needed a ride. The woman, identified as just "April," got into his car and he gave her a ride to Garden Inn and Suites. He helped her to room #148.
Once inside, he met another female and two men. He stayed for a few minutes then returned to his vehicle. When he got into his vehicle, the three people he had just met in the hotel room went with him and got in his car. The woman, sitting directly behind the victim, grabbed him by the neck, one man pulled out a knife and the other man hit him in the stomach with a stun gun, according to the arrest report.
After that, the victim fought back but the three stole his wallet, cash, phone, jacket and a chainsaw from the trunk.
Brian Romero, Matthew Gordon, and Shalaina Kimmons have been arrested and charged with robbery.
Mobile Co. residents react to Sri Lanka attacks: "I don't understand it."

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.642565
Retrieved Text: Description: A tour of Fiji and Samoa, The Cannibal Isles, in 1933. Map showing location of Samoa and Fiji Islands. Fiji village with thatched roof huts among palm trees. Men sitting cross legged in group on ground on straw mat bare chested with afro hairdos and wearing flower necklaces doing traditional Meki dance ceremony with their arms, clapping and beating log drums Men with afro hairdos doing fierce ceremonal dance in grass skirts with spears, large frond shaped shields, and flower necklaces. Pan across faces of young girls. Fijian policeman marches with rifle with bayonet over shoulder. Stands at attention in front of guard house and puts rifle on shoulder. CU man with rifle. Fijian military band in uniforms marches by playing traditional western instruments trombone, tuba, trumpet, drum, french horn. CU man playing clarinet LS large tropical colonial house where Robert Louis Stevenson spent final years and died. PAN across front of house with porte cochere and flagpole and shingled roof. Two bare chested Fijian men sit on memorial grave stone of Stevenson. CU inscription on tomb Samoan village with round thatched houses. Samoan men walk towards camera. Man sits next to wall of house. Young bare chested boy holds small pig. Man sitting on ground with tatoos on back and legs. LS through pillars of two rows of women sitting cross legged on ground doing Siva dance ceremony. PAN down dancers clapping and waving arms wearing flower wreaths and elaborate headdresses. CU princess daughter of the high chief. CU of high chief Malietoa Tanumafilli

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.638609
Retrieved Text: The parson was shopping at the outlet mall, picking up some appropriate summer clothes for a young boy who was headed for summer camp on a church scholarship. Wilbur Robinson had run into him at one of the stores and now they were headed to the parson’s car to store the bags. Their plan was to head to the mall’s coffee shop and share some stories.
While the purchases were being placed in the trunk, a man approached. He appeared to be in his mid-thirties, and, while his clothes were obviously not new, he was dressed neatly in clean and creased pants and shirt.
“What kind of help?” asked the parson.
The parson studied the man’s features as he talked, trying to reconcile his appearance with the story.
The parson asked him where his car was. He pointed to a Honda Civic parked in front of the Carter’s Outlet Store.
The parson invited Wilbur to ride with him. They pulled out of the parking lot and headed toward the Shell station. Once there the man pulled in behind the parson, and was directed to an empty pump. The parson put his card into the pump and pulled it back.
“Fill it up,” said the parson.
The man inserted the nozzle and the gas began to flow. As it did, the man continued.
“No problem,” said the parson. He motioned toward the car and Wilbur and he got in.
“You know,” said the parson, “someone just like him does approach me at least once a week.
“Why don’t you just tell them ‘no’?” asked Wilbur.
Sunday morning with

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.636833
Retrieved Text: Young girl, a student, holding sign that says "Teach Us The Truth".
Young man, a high school student, gestures with hand while speaking from a podium, sign in foreground says "Jefferson County Students For Change".
Young man, a high school student, gestures with hand while speaking from a podium.
Young man, a high school student, speaking from a podium.
Young girl, a high school student, standing on stage speaking into microphone, holding a cellphone.
Young girl, a high school student, standing on stage speaking into microphone, holding a cellphone, wearing protest buttons.
Young man, a high school student, speaking from a podium, sign in foreground says "Jefferson County Students For Change".
Young woman, a high school student, standing on stage, speaking into microphone.
Young girl, a high school student, wearing long skirt, standing on stage, holding a paper and speaking into a microphone, in background, young man dressed all in black.
Man holding cellphone, speaking into microphone.
Man on stage, a teacher, speaking into a microphone.
Young man, a high school student, handing change back to woman who bought a t-shirt, in foreground, piles of t-shirts reading JeffCo Students, on a table.
Young man, a student wearing a t-shirt that reads "#JEFFCOSTANDUP, and lists names of schools, next to him a man and woman.
Retired teacher holding sign supporting students and colleagues, next to her woman and young girl, both in wheelchairs, in background other protesters with signs.
Crowd of adults and students, some sitting, some standing, applauding, some wearing t-shirts about students.
Two men and woman listening to speaker, next to them, woman sitting on ground holding sign that reads

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.392101
Retrieved Text: Here are some pictures of the Segerberg family from Arvika Sweden. I will be adding more pictures soon. All photos were taken by Olaf Andersson or Olga Segerberg unless otherwise noted.
To view a picture in its full size, right click on it and choose view.
Malvina Larsson (1862- about 1917 ) and Olaf Andersson (1835-1901) parents of Åke. A family portrait about 1898. Standing in the back: (left to right) Eskil and Gunnar. Malvina holding Rolf. Elna standing next to Malvina, Åke kneeling, Folke behind Åke. A family portrait about 1894. Left to right: Malvina, Åke (in her lap), Folke, Gunnar, Eskil, Olaf.
A family portrait about 1900. Left to right (standing): Åke, Brita Crona, Moster Olga, Anna Johnson, Folke. Sitting: Malvina, Rolf, Elna, Eskil, Gunnar.
A family portrait about 1905. Sitting on the floor next to the dog - Åke. Sitting directly behind Åke - Malvina. Sitting on the floor on the left - Elna and Rolf. Two women standing on the left - Moster Olga and Brita Crona. Man reading on the left - Helge Brolin. Man and woman on the sofa in the back - Cajsa Jonsdottar and Fred Larsson - Malvina's parents. Sitting next to Malvina - Folke. Standing behind Malvina - Gunnar and Eskil. Sitting next to Cajsa, Clara, Malvina's sister. Sitting next to Folke - Helge and Clara Brolin's son.
Malvina Larsson Segerberg Åke as an infant.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.333885
Retrieved Text: DETECTIVES are searching for three men in relation to two robberies... during one of which a man was kidnapped.
During the first incident, a man in his 60s was walking along Southend High Street towards the seafront at around 9.20pm on November 25, 2018 when a group of men approached him from behind.
He was struck to the head and was forced to hand over his bank card and pin.
The victim was then assaulted again and left with a broken leg.
The suspects made off with his bag, bank cards, and cash.
Two days later, at around 9pm, a 19 year-old man was walking along Chichester Road when a group of armed men approached him from behind, grabbed him, and showed him a knife.
The crooks stole the teenagers wallet and mobile phone and forced the victim into a black Ford Focus where he saw a woman sitting in the front seat.
His head was covered with a jacket and he was driven around for several hours before stopping at a Co-op in Grays where one of the men withdrew money from an ATM.
He was finally let out of the car at a taxi rank in Grays at around 12.30am on November 28.
Bank statements later showed a three-figure sums of cash were withdrawn from ATMs in Southend and Grays.
In total thousands of pounds was stolen from the victim.
The stolen bank cards were subsequently used in Shoreditch, Hackney, and Rainham and police believe the people responsible may be from the London area.
Police have exhausted all other lines of enquiry which is they are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.324877
Retrieved Text: Once again I'd like to make it clear I'm not bashing programmed drums. I think they have the ability to sound incredible. I just prefer a real human being behind the drum set. Call me old fashioned, but that's how you're supposed to record a record. I've also seen it many times (not all times, by any means) where a band goes into the studio and programs their drums and their record comes out sounding like a million bucks, but then you go see them live and you're just sitting there scratching your head because it's nowhere near the same, especially with the drums. I've seen it get to the point where it's like it's not even the same guys playing the music in front of me that played it in the studio. Just not even close to the record. I like to call these types of groups "internet bands," because that's exactly what they are. A live performance from a band is supposed to be nothing short of mind-blowing. Something that can not be captured on a CD, which is one of the reasons people are going to see it live, coupled liking the music.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.307999
Retrieved Text: Chauncey Downs Orchestra performing at Fairyland Park on Prospect Avenue in Kansas City, Missouri. The musicians are on stage in a band shell with a cloth background. The musicians are wearing black tuxedos and are playing piano, bass, drums, trumpets, and saxophones. The musicians on the right are standing or sitting behind shells with a 'V' painted on the front.

================



